{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11322039", "title": "Govt firm on Bannurmath", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite governor H R Bhardwaj's veto, the BJP government is pressing for Justice S R Bannurmath for the Lokayukta's post.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda told reporters here on Saturday that there was no change in the government's choice. Asked about the governor's stand, the CM said: \"There is nothing called impossibility. I'll persuade the governor to appoint Justice Bannurmath as the Lokayukta.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11321618", "title": "RTO plans Road Safety Week", "text": "MADURAI: With road safety week being observed from January 1 to 7, the Regional Transport Office, Madurai, has planned a weeklong celebrations in the city to sensitise the public about the importance of following traffic rules.Regional Transport Officer, North, Ravichandran told TOI that the department has come out with a weeklong schedule of events which start with issuing of awareness pamphlets to the public at strategic places in Madurai on Sunday. An awareness meeting for students about their role in road safety has been arranged at Thiagarajar College on Monday. On Tuesday, an eye-camp for all drivers including private bus drivers, auto rickshaw drivers and two-wheeler riders has been arranged at Mattuthavani bus stand. A mass rally from South Masi junction to Railway junction has been planned on Wednesday during which a cycle rally will also be undertaken to sensitise the public not to use vehicles every time but use cycles for short distances which is eco-friendly.The next day, a blood donation camp has been organised at North RTO office where interested drivers and public coming to the office can donate blood. To insist upon eco-friendly driving, free emission checks will be held for two-wheelers near Thevar statue on Friday. On Saturday, a mass vehicle rally consisting of two wheelers and four wheelers will be held where two and four wheeler dealers, driving schools and public will participate. It will start from Mattuthavani bus stand and reach South RTO office in Palanganatham through Periyar bus stand. During the rally, the importance of helmet and safety belts will be stressed, Ravichandran said. The valedictory function will be held on the same day at TNSTC bus depot at K Pudur, which will be presided over by police commissioner P Kannappan, he said. RTO offices of North, South and Central, Police, TNSTC, Madurai division, hospitals, colleges and schools will participate in this weeklong events, Ravichandran said.From the district administration side, district collector, U Sagayam has undertaken weeklong vehicle check up from 10 pm to 1 am. According to the press statement, the drive was taken to ensure proper driving. During the vehicle check undertaken by the collector, Rs 26,250 totalling fines was realised from erratic drivers. The vehicle check up will continue throughout the road safety week, the statement observed. According to official sources, the district collector has formed 12 teams consisting of five members each who will be carrying out the vehicle check up. District Administration has also planned weeklong awareness meetings for school and college students, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322338", "title": "\u2018Global Studio\u2019 at MANIT from January 7", "text": "BHOPAL: Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) will host Global Studio (GS), an international conference for students of architecture on community-based projects, from January 7 to 24. This is for the first time that Global Studio conference is being organized in the state.Convener of the conference, associate professor Anupama Sharma said that foreign and Indian students will work together on three community-based projects pertaining to Bhopal.\"In all, 22 foreign and 17 Indian students will work on three projects during the conference. There will be participants who are associated with the international network of practitioners, researchers, educators, students, and communities,\" Sharma said.\"Students from across the world come together to contribute to community through social and economic development and environmental sustainability,\" Sharma added. She further said that the Global Studio works with universities, NGOs and professional organizations to address the issues pertaining to urbanisation.During the conference, the participants would focus on urban issues in Bhopal through research projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322926", "title": "People now know my name, that's my biggest hit", "text": "Did you think Kolaveri would become such a rage?I don't think anyone can plan a success like this one. It was just a small and humble effort and it has exploded. If I knew how it happened, what it was that made it click, I would do something like this every year. I just sang a song, whatever else happened just happened. Even I am coming to terms with it.What's it like to be the man of the moment?To be honest, I feel lost. The song seems to have a life of its own and I'm just following its success.You're being invited to formal parties and meetings with some of India's biggest leaders. From Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to business icon Ratan Tata , how are you dealing with it?All through every one of those formal dinners with all those dignitaries, I was just thinking of my parents and how proud they would be of their son, sitting at a dinner with such great people. But half the time I was so nervous, so out of place, I didn't know what to say or do. I felt like I was in a different world. With the Prime Minister, the meeting was over in a minute, just a handshake and a greeting but I got to spend time with Ratan Tata. I told him that in school I remembered answering a fivemark question about him and so I could not believe that I was meeting him. He took the time to speak to me and encourage me.Does the fact that you are married to Rajinikanth's daughter play on your mind?It is a huge burden being the son-in-law of Rajnikant , especially when you are an actor yourself . But I am so thankful that God gave me the opportunity to walk out of the shadow so early. I am 28 years old and finally people know my name. Even if they don't , they at least call me the \"Kolaveri guy\" and not Rajinikanth's son-inlaw .What next?Right now, Kolaveri has opened a lot of doors and that has left me confused on which one to keep open. For now, I have decided to focus on 3, the movie that my wife Aishwariya is directing. The role in this movie is the toughest I have had to play in my 22-film career, but let's see where it goes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11322444", "title": "Relying on \u2018temporary\u2019 Parsi priest for rituals", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as the heads count of the Parsi community is diminishing, both in the Sangam city as well as across the country, the community is struggling to find a 'Mobed' (Priest) to perform various rituals spanning from birth of individual to his death.Even in this crucial juncture, the Atash Behram or the Holy fire at the Fire Temple is kept burning by the efforts of members of this community, just a dozen head counts in the city, who have either placed the wooden log in the fire by themselves or arranged for a 'Para-Mobed' (a 'temporary' priest who performs holy rituals along with daily routine). And when there is just one priest in the entire state, that too quite elderly, technological avatar in form of audio cassettes or Parsi people conducting the rituals by their own come to fill the vacuum, especially in the last voyage of life.For the population of Parsi, living in different districts of Uttar Pradesh , the community has just one priest living in Kanpur and he too has seen around 80 winters. Because of this shortage, when Parsi Zoroastrian priests is required to perform the Navjote ceremony - i.e. the rite of admission into the religion for children, the child and other family members, travels to Kanpur or Mumbai. \"There is dearth of 'Mobed' in the entire country leave aside this small town, but the Atash Behram (holy fire) is kept ignited and will continue\", said Veera Gandhi who owns the Fire temple of the city and has arranged for a Para-mobed from Mumbai who has the responsibility of keeping the fire burning.\"I am working as gardener for the past 35 years and seen that memsaab has made some or the other arrangement to keep the fire in the temple burning,\" said elderly Ram Lal, the guard of 'Lejar Shapoorjee Ghandhi Dar.E.Maher', the fire temple of the city.\"Although there is the dearth of the priest, we have to manage by our own while performing the last rites or any other rituals as what happened when Captain Dandiwala was buried in the Parsi Cemetery few years ago. The population of Parsis was around two dozen just a few years ago, but half of that numbers are presently left in the city. Our population is shirking in small towns as some would die and other would move to bigger cities,\" said Cyrus Framjee.The number of Parsis has been steadily declining for several decades. The highest census counted was of 1,14,890 individuals in 1940-41 which included united India. But now, with a decline by approximately 9% per decade, demographic trends project that by the year 2020 the Parsis will number only 23,000 as per the 2011 Census the population is just around 40, 000. Situation in Allahabad, follows the national trend. The community, which has formed Allahabad Parsee Zoroastrian Anjuman, has few families and 12 heads count.Earlier there was a Mobed performing rituals in the sole Fire temple of the city, but after his departure, for over 8 years now, the duty was performed by couple of Para-Mobed (a temporary priest which performs holy rituals along with daily routine). Couple of years ago, Dairus, one of the Parsi of the city, used to visit the temple twice every day and performed the prayers and put the log, but after his moving to Delhi, Veera Ghandhi arranged for the Para-Mobed for the temple, foundation stone of which was laid on March 23, 1930. The community, facing all odds, has managed to keep the 'Atash Behram or the Holy fire flaming.Any man or woman marrying an outsider is considered as an outcast as a result of in-breeding, high incidence of genetic defects has set in. Asthma , heart and neurological problems, myopia, and depression have become hereditary. Thus the number is diminishing and so is the problem of finding Mobed and now even Para Mobed, feels the members of the community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11322204", "title": "Kin of former dera head arrested for caste-related remark", "text": "SIRSA: Police on Saturday arrested Labh Singh, grandson of former Dera Sacha Sauda head, Shah Satnam, three days after he was booked for allegedly passing caste-related remarks against a dera follower.Police had registered a case against Singh on a complaint by Lakhbir Singh, resident of Bathinda district of Punjab, who alleged that the accused had beaten him up, threatened him and used filthy language with caste-related remarks against him. The complainant is also a dera premi (follower).On the other hand, Labh Singh accused Dera Sacha Sauda chief of falsely implicating him in criminal cases as he had filed a complaint against Jasmeet Singh, son of dera head Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh Insan, leading to registration of a cheating case against Singh by Delhi police on March 5, 2009.When contacted, Pawan Insan, spokesman of Dera Saucha Sauda, said, \"Allegations levelled against dera chief are baseless. Dera has nothing to do in this regard. This is a personal fight between two persons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11325150", "title": "Tourists usher in 2012 in Goa, parties go on", "text": "PANAJI: The new year celebration parties will continue in Goa even today as thousands of tourists have thronged the coastal state's sunny beaches.The roads to the coastal destinations such as Calangute, Baga, Candolim and even far-off Arambol were overflowing with traffic since last evening.Fireworks and loud music at beach shacks went on till the wee hours. No untoward incident had been reported so far, police said.The police had deployed anti-narcotic cell (ANC) personnel to curb the drug abuse, but their number was inadequate. People were seen consuming drugs at Calangute, Arambol and other celebration haunts.Goa, a favourite destination of many for bringing in the new year, gets the peak tourist inflow around December 31. Annually, the state attracts 2.6 million tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11326961", "title": "Low-key celebrations on city outskirts", "text": "PATNA: It was a low-key celebration for majority of people living in Khagaul, Danapur and Phulwari areas located on the outskirts of Patna on New Year's Day.There was no picnic or celebration on the roads as witnessed in the past due to inclement weather on Sunday. Many people preferred to celebrate the day in privacy with family members due to intermittent drizzles. However, the day being Sunday, it evoked a lot of excitement among the youths at these places.Senior citizens lacked enthusiasm and spirit of the New Year. For them, it was just a normal day, like any other day because of bad weather. However, they were optimistic that the New Year would herald peace and prosperity for all in the country.During pre and post-independence period, say till 1970s, Khagaul and Danapur used to be places for gala celebration of New Year. It used to start from the Christmas day and continue till January 1 every year. A fair sprinkling of Anglo-Indian people, who used to serve in railways and army, celebrated the day in their own style.Reminiscing the past nostalgically, a few Anglo-Indians said that the New Year celebration each year was a message to all that love is the essence of life. Old-timers say they miss the earlier celebration now. \"There is too much noise nowadays on the New Year day,\" said an old-timer, R P Tarun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "11321099", "title": "Kabaddi lover is basketball champion", "text": "GND Stadium: \"I cannot survive without basketball which is my passion,\" said Amritpal Singh, top scorer of Punjab basketball team in the national basketball championship that was held in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, recently. In the finals, Punjab beat Tamil Nadu by 70-62. Amritpal, 20, said in the final match, he scored 24 points for his team, which was a satisfactory contribution. He hailed the captaincy of GurKirpal Singh that helped them to clinch the title and become national champions.A trainee at Ludhiana Basketball Academy, Amritpal belongs to Fathuwal village of district Amritsar but from last three years, he has been training in Ludhiana. He said initially, he was a player of kabbadi but once one of the basketball coaches saw him and suggested that he should play basketball. He took his suggestion seriously and contacted LBA and got selected.Amritpal is now staying in the academy hostel and practices on the courts of academy in the stadium. He said being a top scorer in the national championship is a matter of privilege, but now he wants to move on and focus on other tournaments. He said this year, he was also a part of the Indian national basketball team in the Asian Basketball Championship that was held in China and played in Punjab team in national games that was held at Ranchi, Jharkhand, during which Punjab team bagged a gold medal.Amritpal, who is blessed with 6'11\" feet height, said he was also part of the Punjab basketball team in national basketball championship in 2010 when their team stood third, but this time, they performed extraordinarily well. He feels Ludhiana is one of the best centres in the country that has produced a number of national and international players. \"India is having a vast treasure of talented basketball players but there is a need to promote and propagate this game in the country,\" he added.General secretary of LBA, Teja Singh Dhaliwal said Amritpal is one of the best trainees of the academy and has good footwork on the court and good speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11325359", "title": "Severe cold in J&K;, Leh records -18.8", "text": "SRINAGAR: The cold wave sweeping Jammu and Kashmir broke the season's record on the New Year night as the minimum temperature in Leh slipped nearly 19 degrees below freezing point.Leh town in the remote Ladakh region recorded the season's lowest temperature with the mercury settling at a low of minus 18.8 degree Celsius, a drop of 0.4 degrees from yesterday, an official of the MeT department said here.In the adjoining Kargil town, the minimum temperature was recorded at minus 16 deg C, a one degree drop from yesterday, he said.Srinagar witnessed a freezing minus 4.9 deg C, which for the second time is the season's lowest temperature here.The drop in night temperature resulted in partial freezing of Dal lake and other stagnant water bodies.There has been a drastic drop in temperature since 'Chillai Kalan', a forty-day period of extreme chilling weather, began on December 21.The skiing resort of Gulmarg, a star attraction for tourists visiting the valley during winter, recorded a minimum temperature of minus 8 deg C, an increase of one degree compared the previous night, the official said.Pahalgam tourist resort in south Kashmir recorded a minimum of minus 7 deg C.The gateway town of Qazigund in south Kashmir recorded a minimum of minus 5 deg C, while Kupwara town recorded a minimum of minus 4.7 deg C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "11322076", "title": "Jilted lover stabs girl to death", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: A jilted lover fatally stabbed a girl who spurned his overtures, here on Saturday. The allged attacker, Subbu alias Subramanya, a married man and resident of Kalyananagar, works in a cyber cafe.He fell in love with Nayana, 24, a computer operator at the taluk panchayat office here. He had been pressuring her to marry him, but she refused. On Saturday afternoon, an infuriated Subbu came to the panchayat office and stabbed Nayana in the neck and fled.She was taken to hospital, where she was declared brought dead. City police are investigating the incident and looking for Subbu.Nayana is the daughter of a hotel employee, Ananda Nayak. On hearing about the incident, some youth came to the computer institute where Subbu was working and ransacked the office.They damaged many computers and stoned windowpanes before fleeing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kutch", "code": "11327606", "title": "Eight injured as hot air balloon bursts at Kutch Desert festival", "text": "KUTCH: Eight persons were today injured when a hot air balloon, a new attraction at the annual Desert Festival this year, burst soon after take off in Dhordo village here.The incident occurred when the balloon was a few meters above the ground, police said.As the balloon burst, the people travelling in it came crashing down.Eight persons were injured in the incident and have been admitted to the G K General hospital in district headquarters Bhuj, they said.An Inquiry has been initiated into the reasons behind the mishap, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11321601", "title": "Misty Ooty to celebrate New Year indoor this year", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: With a sudden change in the weather condition due to Cyclone Thane since Friday, the visitors and locals in the hill station Ooty are forced to stay indoors. Covered with thick fog, the hill town experienced continuous showers with strong wind on Saturday also. The mercury dipped to 11 degree Celsius as minimum and the maximum temperature recorded at 17 degree Celsius on Saturday.Hoteliers including, star and heritage, who had geared up for the New Year Eve bash in open sky, are now forced to conduct their celebrations indoor. However, the hoteliers, undeterred by the inclement weather, are going ahead with their arrangements.\"We came to Ooty to celebrate New Year. But the wet and cold weather is playing spoil sport. We are forced to stay indoor,\" said B Amrish, a software engineer from Mysore. According to hoteliers, their hotels are packed with visitors and the bash would be conducted indoor. \"It is encouraging to see the visitors entering despite the cold weather,\" said a tourist guide.In Ooty, the mist, wind and rains are unusual during the end of December, which is known for its typical winter weather of bright and sunny days with chill evenings and frosty nights.The wet and cold weather in Ooty have prevented the tourists to visit various tourist spots in the hill town. The Government Botanical Garden (GBG) registered around 2,800 visitors on Saturday. According to GBG officials, the continuous showers and the chill weather stop the visitors from stepping out of their hotels. \"It is very unusual to see such a less crowd in the garden on a weekend that too, on New Year Eve,\" said the official.Also, motorists found it risky to drive on the ghat roads, - Ooty-Coonoor-Mettupalayam and Ooty - Kotagiri-Mettupalyam - covered with thick mist. Even within the town, the vehicles were running with headlights and fog lamps on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321158", "title": "Three vehicles collide due to fog, 5 killed", "text": "JAIPUR: Excessive fog at NH 11, that connects Jaipur to Agra, proved fatal for five persons, including three of a family. All the five persons were killed after three vehicles rammed into each other one after another due to fog near Ghanota village under the Sewar police station in Bharatpur district of the state on Saturday. Five others were injured in the accident.The incident took place at 10 am when four vehicles, including a truck, a jeep and a car, rammed into each other. On seeing the brutal accident, the locals came to the passengers' rescue. Soon after, a rescue team rushed to the spot. But, all the five persons died on the spot, police said.The deceased were Bina Gupta (35), Utkristh Gupta (12) and Khushbu Gupta, who were members of the same family and were going to Agra from Bharatpur.Other deceased were Banwarilal (53) and Kairi Banjaara (55) who were traveling in other vehicles that collided, police said.The spot witnessed a lot of hue and cry as people in other vehicles were shocked to see the badly stuck dead bodies.According to police, despite poor visibility the speed of the colliding vehicles was high.Police added five others were injured in the accident. All the bodies were kept at the mortuary of a government hospital in Bharatpur while the injured are undergoing treatment there itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320509", "title": "Relief for flyers as fog starts to lift", "text": "MUMBAI: The fog that blanketed Delhi has started to lift since Saturday. Although flight delays were witnessed at Delhi airport, but no diversions or massive delays were reported for Mumbai-bound flights.According to airport officials, early morning flights at Mumbai were delayed by an average of 30 to 45 minutes. According to a Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd official, a few city-bound flights were diverted and many others were delayed by more than an hour on Friday.On Saturday, Delhi airport officials reported that 96 domestic and 36 international flights were delayed. The effect was felt at all major airports.\"Flights were delayed by half an hour on an average. Four or five flights were delayed by one hour or more,\" an airport official said.No diversions or massive delays were reported for Mumbai-bound flights from Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11322996", "title": "Skepticism over minority sub-quota", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Union government's recent decision to earmark 4.5% subquota for minorities in the 27% quota of Other Backward Classes (OBCs) in the central educational institutions as well as in civil posts and services has evoked mixed reaction from the minorities, particularly the Muslims, in the country.Nearer home in AP, the sub-quota for minorities has been greeted with skepticism by a cross-section of Muslims who have had bitter experience of having to face legal hurdles in availing themselves of 4% quota for socially and educationally backward classes among them in educational institutions and public employment in the last seven years. While 30 states/union territories have their own list of OBCs, nine states have sub-categories in the state list of OBCs. These states include AP, Karnataka , Kerala, TN, Maharashtra, Bihar , West Bengal and Jammu and Kashmir . Among AP's neighbouring states, the backward sections of Muslims enjoy 12% reservations in Kerala, 5.21% in TN and 4% in Karnataka. However, it is only in AP that the reservations for Muslims have been struck down by the state high court three times since 2004 and the matter is now pending before the SC. The quota for the Muslims has been reduced from 5% in 2004 to 4% in 2007 and restricted to 15 socially and educationally backward classes (SEBCs) in BC \"E\" category. In March 2005, National Commission for Religious and Linguistic Minorities, better known as Ranganath Misra Commission (RMC), was constituted to recommend measures for the welfare of socially and economically backward sections among religious and linguistic minorities, including reservation in education and government employment. The commission submitted its report in May 2007 and it was tabled in Parliament in December 2009. After sitting over the issue for exactly two years, the Central government decided to provide 4.5 % sub-quota for minorities. The RMC had recommended 15 % reservations for minorities, including 10% for Muslims and 5% for other minorities in educational institutions and public employment. Alternatively, the Commission recommended 8.4% sub-quota for minorities, including 6% for Muslims and 2.4% for other minorities. The reduced sub-quota of 4.5 % for all minorities announced on December 22 has, thus, failed to enthuse Muslims.There is another reason why the sub-quota means little to backward sections of Muslims since they are already notified in the state-wise Central OBC list. Apart from AP, SEBC groups of Muslims included in Central OBC list include 3 in Assam, 32 in Bihar, 20 in Delhi, 34 in Gujarat , 10 in Haryana, 37 in MP, 21 in Maharashtra , 10 in Punjab, 26 in Rajasthan, 4 in Tamil Nadu, 40 in UP and 54 in West Bengal. OBC Muslims are also included in the Central list for several states and union territories .The sub-quota of 4.5 % for minorities is being implemented from January 1, 2011. The sub-quota will cover recruitment to civil posts and services under the Central government , as well as jobs in the central public sector undertakings and financial institutions, including public sector banks. Union Public Service Commission and Staff Selection Commission would make recruitment by implementing the sub-quota . The sub-quota will cover admissions in central educational institutions, IITs, IIMs, and NITs, etc. The sub-quota will not apply to Socially Advanced Persons/Sections among OBCs, better known as \"creamy layer.\" The sub-quota is likely to be operationalised from the academic year 2012-13 . Admissions to IITs, NITs, IIMs and other central-level medical institutions would be based on common entrance tests conducted by the central authorities. Central universities will make admissions based on their own criteria.The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11320583", "title": "Liberation Blues", "text": "Goa is its usual self this holiday. As you see the people on the beach or in the street market or in the posh hotels , it is hard to sense that there is a Golden Jubilee of Goa's Liberation being celebrated.May be I should have been here for the day itself but the only sign of it I saw was some TV channel telling us why Goan politics was a scam and a scandal . Perhaps that was to assure us that Goa has become fully integrated into India and has the same quality of politics!The muted celebration reminded me very much of the 150th anniversary of 1857. There was no unanimity as to what was being celebrated and whether the defeat of the brave rebel soldiers at the hands of their fellow Indian soldiers who had stayed loyal was a blessing in disguise. This was because there are disputes about what is the nature of modern India.Is it the India of sophistication, dynamic business entrepreneurs, a secular democratic republic or is it a revival of the bygone Hindu kingdoms which get their chance to proclaim a Hindu Ramarajya... an India of Asoka or Akbar, who are hailed as secular Indian Emperors, or Hindu patapadashahi that the Peshwas dreamt of?India is, of course, all these things. Each side claims that its vision of India is the authentic one. But what matters is that they can coexist without undue conflict, and that a new generation can build on it. It has been born in a united India with a Constitution which defines them all as equal citizens whatever the grim reality. The challenge is to bridge the gap between the promise and the reality.Goa is no different. The liberation was an ambiguous experience. The Portuguese were particularly perverse about giving up power unlike the British or the French. Portugal itself had suffered under dictatorships for decades by the time India moved forces. But as a counterfactual of history, it is quite imaginable that an indigenous movement may have displaced the Portuguese independently of the Indian movement as happened in Ceylon in 1948.Goa may then have been an autonomous republic on the west coast of a larger India. Indeed before 1947, India itself had a different shape than what it became after 1947 due to partition. The 1935 Government of India Act allowed for a lot of regional autonomy and a weak centre with limited powers. There could have been a merger of independent Goa with Greater India or Goa may have remained an independent country.The British Empire lasted in India less than half the time the Portuguese Empire did. The British were also distant and interacted only with the elite who learnt English and began to agitate to throw the British out. But even after Gandhiji's leadership of the Congress, the transfer of power was an elite event. The masses gained little out of the end of British colonialism; only the elite did.The British had their eye on revenue to be taxed from land and left the people to their fate. The East India Company resented any intrusion by the bishops and kept them out till parliament forced them to in the early 19{+t}{+h} century. It proved to be a disastrous experiment since the proselytizing of Protestant missionaries alienated the people and 1857 was the result. After that the British left people alone and dealt with them via the collaborators.The Portuguese Empire was different. From the beginning the rulers were interested in the souls of the people. Catholicism has a different attitude to Protestantism. It adapted to local conditions; the elite became Christian and were allowed to stay Brahmin. Catechisms were translated in Konkani and Marathi. The Portuguese transformed the culture of ordinary people. Of course, not everyone converted; not even the majority. But the Christian religion and culture went deeper into Goa than anywhere else in India.Also in a way the Portuguese Metropolis treated the colonized better in terms of welcoming them back home. Goans of a certain generation recall the days when they could go back and forth and the Empire subsidized the colony. This was never the case with the British. They modernized India but failed to treat Indians as part of a larger family. And yet the elite sent their children to Harrow and Cambridge and Oxford and LSE. They haunted the Inns of Court and became barristers and came back to copy the liberal traditions of Britain. But they were never treated as part of the larger family.It was 'Joe' Nehru at Harrow, but when he returned he was sent to jail without any remorse by the British, who often had to have been to the same school. This is why there still lingers the specter of East India Company in India to this day when an Indian actually owns the old company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11322384", "title": "Locals want a smoother ride", "text": "KANPUR: Smooth and pothole-free roads are on top of the wishlist of city residents in the new year.The roads in year 2011 gave commuters bad experience. The travelling was extremely difficult on city roads during summers and monsoons. The locals said the district administration and municipal corporation should wake up and wind up the pipe laying work so that the dug-up roads can again be made smooth for commuting.To recall, with the start of 2011, the city roads were dug-up for laying pipelines under JNNURM project. Due to dug-up roads, the commuters had a tough time travelling in the sunny hot summers. The monsoon worsened the situation and the accidents due to dug-up and slippery roads too saw a sharp rise.The roads had also collapsed at several places in the city during the monsoon season. Most of the fatal accidents in the city were because of the caved-in roads. The worst cave-in incidents had occurred in Gumti area, near Bada Chauraha and on Mall Road. People hope they will have a 'smooth ride' in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11323094", "title": "IIMK to host international symposium", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode ( IIMK) will host an International Symposium on 'Practical Wisdom for Management from the Indian Spiritual Traditions'on Jan 12 and 13. The symposium aims to explore the spiritual tradition of India by studying the role of India in the evolution of human spirituality.Participants from various streams of Indian spiritual thought will present their views at the symposium. Topics to be discussed include The Role of Faith-based Wisdom in Business Decision-Making, The Impact of Spirituality on Business Decision Making, Artha and Globalization, Business Ethics in Indian Spiritual Traditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322861", "title": "How India will get its mojo back in 2012", "text": "This month, two long time admirers of India's growth story suddenly turned bearish on it.CLSA's Chris Wood wrote that he'd been expecting some resolute government action to counter all the bad news from India, but somehow that never happened. \"The reverse keeps happening , with the overwhelming impression of a growing political vacuum at the top in Delhi and resulting intensifying infighting in the ruling Congress Party,\" he wrote in his December 18 newsletter .Then on December 29 Stephen Roach , Morgan Stanley's Asia maven, wrote that India was a riskier market than China, because policymakers seemed to have fewer short term fix-its than the Chinese.Looking at markets, it's easy to be demoralized. Out of 21 emerging markets, the returns from India were the second worst; the volume of shares - as opposed to derivatives - being traded fell to a seven year low. Overseas investors sold more than they bought, with the slack taken up by domestic buyers. Though food prices have started cooling, overall inflation is still high, as are interest rates. Car sales have slowed and industry actually shrank when we last looked at it.The government's coffers have swollen in recent years, but it's spending cash at an astounding rate. Some are fretting about what could happen if inflows of overseas money suddenly dry up. And the rupee has weakened dramatically from September.Now, if you think that the year was dominated by the Lokpal kerfuffle, it wasn't . A Google search for Lokpal throws up 4.4 million results. Now type 'policy paralysis' and nearly 9 million results - double the Lokpal number - will pop up.In 2011 an administration that had looked tentative , went and hid under a rock somewhere. Afraid of the light, bureaucrats stopped signing files, waiting for their political bosses to issue written instructions , which were seldom forthcoming.When the administration did try to do something , it pushed for something that had no political carry and little urgency: allow overseas investment in retail. The system pushed back and the proposal was shelved. That's not policy paralysis, it's policy in full flight.Yet, when the same administration moved to implement a law to guarantee food to the poor, things went smoothly. What's the difference between the two? Political savvy. Lots of vested interests can oppose retail FDI; nobody can oppose food for the poor and survive politically.But Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who heads this administration, doesn't do politics of the electoral kind. Because he's surrounded by people who do, we're trapped in a situation where government is confused about what's doable, what reforms can be sold and what can't.This confusion and dither must, and can, end in 2012. Why? Because the defining event of next year will be elections in five states, including India's largest, Uttar Pradesh , early in the year. The BJP is in power in Uttarakhand and rules Punjab with ally Akali Dal. Most surveys so far show the Congress squeezing past the BJP in these states.In Uttar Pradesh, the Congress won a miserable 22 seats out of 403 in 2007. It hopes to do a lot better next February. If even some of these results go the Congress' way, it will change politics in Delhi. The party, now lost in a fog of indecision, will find purpose and vertebral chord. There's even talk of a change in leadership of government sometime in 2012.For a political party, electoral success is invigorating . But that's not enough. In Bengal, Mamata Banerjee demolished a 35-year-old Left regime in May. But since then, she's struggled to comprehend that she is the new chief minister.For the UPA to get to work, it has to grapple with a 20-year contradiction. In 1991, we went for structural reforms because a crisis bit us in the backside. Overseas lenders gave us a menu of things to do, a photocopy of the same thing they gave to everyone from Latin America to east Asia, and we went to work on it.It worked, but our policymakers learnt the wrong lesson: whenever you want a reform idea, go overseas and ask someone else what to do.Seven years ago, folks said the NREGA was a lemon and applauded the nuclear deal. Today, the NREGA is a success and nothing has come of the nuke deal. Two pre-deal reactors are stranded in Tamil Nadu after protests. We've reached the limits of the copycat-reform cycle. Sure, overseas investors would love retail FDI. But they won't be queuing up to vote in February, right? So, we've got to find a balance between the investor and the voter, between India's needs and Bharat's.The UPA has a chance to locate this mean in 2012. It won't be easy and it won't be immediate: you can't learn to think for yourself in one day after losing the ability for 20 years. But it can be done. And it's what the government needs to get its mojo back in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "11325743", "title": "Hindu girl 'converted' to Islam, married off to Muslim: Family", "text": "KARACHI: A teenage Hindu girl in the southern Pakistani city of Karachi was allegedly forcibly converted to Islam and married off to a Muslim man, prompting her family to lodge a police complaint.The case of the girl identified as Bharti, who has been renamed Ayesha following her conversion, is the 18th instance of forced conversions and marriages in the Lyari area of Karachi, The Express Tribune reported today.The family of the girl alleged that she was forcibly converted to Islam and married off to a Muslim man. They filed an FIR at Baghdadi police station and a local court is now hearing her case.During an appearance in court yesterday, she was clad in a black 'abaya' and barely looked at her parents when she saw them, the daily reported.\"She is being pressurised to say that she converted because of her own free will - else we would be harmed,\" said her father, Narain Das.Bharti's mother, a cardiac patient, was upset that she did not even glance at her.\"She is my only daughter. She does not want to meet me or talk to me. I gave birth to her and raised her,\" she said.Das brought a copy of the National Database and Registration Authority's record, which states that his daughter is 15 years old.However, certificates of her conversion to Islam and her marriage claim she is 18.\"The marriage documents have tampered with her age. She is not of the age to get married,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11320473", "title": "Malim assault victim dies of injuries in GMC", "text": "PANAJI: A 32-year-old man, who was assaulted by unknown persons and left at the Malim jetty on Wednesday, has succumbed to injuries in the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim.The injured person was found by the police on patrolling duty and shifted to GMC. On Saturday, Porvorim police registered a murder case.\"After receiving the post mortem report, on the basis of a complaint given by PSI Sagun Sawant from Porvorim police station, we have registered a murder case,\" police said.On Thursday, PSI Sagun Sawant from Porvorim police station had received a wireless message at 3.05pm from casualty police at Goa medical college, Bambolim, that a patient was admitted in the hospital.The patient was found at Malim jetty on Wednesday and was brought to the hospital by EMRI.Police conducted an inquest panchnama and the case was registered as unnatural death.Thereafter, the body was preserved at GMC morgue for the purpose of identification and for tracing relatives of the deceased but till date the relatives of the deceased were not traced and efforts were made with the locals at Malim jetty to establish the identity but no credible information was received in the case.On Saturday, a post mortem examination was conducted and the police surgeon certified the cause of death as due to \"injuries on head, chest, abdomen and limbs as a result of blunt force impact which were ante mortem and fatal in ordinary course of nature.\"While conducting preliminary enquiry with the staff it was revealed that at about 11.25am when they reached the Mandovi bridge near Malim jetty, they noticed one male person lying on a wooden structure.Though alive, the victim could barely speak and the skin below his eyes had turned dark.On being questioned, he disclosed his name as Abdul Rehman from Sanvordem, the staff informed.Porvorim police, on further inquiry with the locals, found that the victim had been assaulted by some unknown persons.The victim was unemployed and police claim that he was suffering from some sort of mental illness.\"On inquiry, the persons working at the jetty informed that he would often steal their clothes and run away,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11320468", "title": "Noise pollution brings down bird count at Okhla sanctuary", "text": "NOIDA: Traffic snarls on the Kalindi Kunj road and bridge have led to a rapid decline in the bird population at Okhla Bird Sanctuary. Vehicular noise pollution has increased to such an extent that the winged creatures have abandoned a portion of the sanctuary.Officials say urban noise interferes with birds' communication through sounds. \"The side of the park which is closest to Kalindi Kunj is almost devoid of bird population now,\" said an official.Construction of the barrage had created a haven for water birds on the river by forming a large lake, but now, ironically, the barrage itself has become a source of noise pollution. The bridge constructed in 1986 was initially designed for traffic of 10,000 vehicles per day. But due to increased vehicular pressure, it now sees massive jams. The Kalindi Kunj road which links Noida with Delhi and Ghaziabad is also a bottleneck.Officials admit that that the resulting noise pollution is adversely affecting the richness and diversity of the avian population in the park. \"The park is still popular for migratory birds, but it's the local population that is suffering. The diversity of the bird population has been affected by the increased urban noise,\" said JM Banerjee, forest ranger, Okhla Bird Sanctuary. This year, migratory birds have arrived late at the park.But noise pollution is just one of the problems facing the park. Dumping of waste, water pollution, mismanagement and encroachment have also spoilt the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321220", "title": "Marathon put off due to polls", "text": "NAGPUR: Athletes round the globe and Nagpurians looking forward to the hugely popular international marathon slated to be held on January 29 are in for a major disappointment as the organizers have decided to postpone it due to different reasons. This would have been its third edition.While chief organizer, Congress MP Vilas Muttemwar said that the postponement was in view of the civic elections slated in February, sources said that refusal of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) and district administration to pay the promised amount for organizing the 2011 marathon is also a major reason.NMC had committed Rs 25 lakh while NIT had assured the organizing committee Rs 35 lakh. The consolidated amount of Rs 60 lakh was still to be paid by both the authorities, committee sources said.Standing committee chairman Sandip Joshi blamed leader of the opposition Vikas Thakre for NMC not paying up. \"Thakre had complained to urban development department that as per CNC Act 1948, NMC could not sanction more than Rs 25,000 for a sports event. Not just the marathon, but NMC has not been able to pay over Rs 1 crore to various sport events organizers too,\" he said.NIT superintending engineer SH Gujjelwar said that the body was unable to pay the amount due to audit objections. \"NMC and collector's office have also not paid their promised share due to the same reason,\" he said.Muttemwar told TOI that the event had not been cancelled but only postponed. \"Due to the polls we had no option but not hold it on January 29 as it would been difficult to rope in police and district administration officials. We have sought another date from Athletics Federation of India (AFI). International runners should participate in the event otherwise it will lose its charm. We are committed to holding it later in the year,\" he said.Committee sources said that the marathon may be held either in the second week of April or on October 2, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. Ahimsa Daud, to coincide with Gandhiji's death anniversary on January 30, was also a part of the marathon. Held on the lines of the Dream Run in Mumbai Marathon, the race attracted hordes of enthusiastic Nagpurians who turned out in fancy dresses.In an informal discussion, the AFI suggested to the organizing committee that the marathon be conducted in August. However, the organizers say that due to humid weather, August is not a feasible month.According to Sharad Suryavanshi, secretary of the Nagpur District Athletics Association, winter is the best time for long distance running with international runners trying to record their best timings. \"Rainy season is also a good time but it is a tough period for foreign athletes. Kenyans can run in any weather but their counterparts from Europe are unlikely to participate in summer,\" he said.However, Suryavanshi said that if marathon is held after January there are good chances of it getting a better response. \"As the athletics season comes to an end in January and foreign athletes have to choose from many such international marathons being held in the month, they might select Nagpur if it's held at a later date,\" he said.International athlete Monika Raut, who had finished third among Indians and was first from Nagpur in the 2011 marathon, expressed disappointment over the postponement. \"I was eager to run and wanted to better my performance in. Unfortunately as the event won't be held this year on the scheduled date I did not start preparations. I also came to know that it is likely to be held soon,\" she said.Raut too said that winter is the best season for long distance running. \"It will be a tough task for all the participants and athletes will have to prepare much harder. Yet, most athletes are looking forward to the event no matter when it is held,\" Raut said.On the wrong footMarathon requires the help of police and district administration. They would be busy for the municipal polls in FebruaryNMC, NIT and district administration yet to cough up their contributions for 2011 MarathonOrganizers committed to holding it later in the yearAthletes say winter is the best time as it helps set personal bestsPostponement could be an advantage as the event will not be held in the cluttered month of January", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11323063", "title": "Foul play charge mars bar council elections", "text": "HYDERABAD: The elections to the AP bar council have been postponed at major centres like Vijayawada and Rajahmundry following technical objections raised by contestants. Nonetheless, in most parts of the state, authorities on Friday did manage to successfully handle the lengthy and complex election process for the bar council.Former council member B Devanand, who is a contestant at this election, has filed a complaint accusing some advocates of having resorted to malpractices during polling.AP bar council secretary N Renuka told STOI that the advocate general is the ex officio member of the council and that it was up to him to decide on the future course of action. Polling at the Vijayawada and Rajahmundry centres, she added , would now be held on January 4.As many as 68,000 lawyers are enrolled in the state and nearly 40,000 of them exercised their franchise on polling day on December 30. Preferential voting is a key component in this election and those getting more preferential votes usually gain from it.Counting of votes begins January 19 and is a process that can, this time, take more than three weeks to complete, Renuka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322587", "title": "India needs real democracy", "text": "In the last few months, we have been repeatedly asked to have \"faith\"in Parliament.Whenever we questioned Parliament, we were accused of not having faith in democracy.I beg to state that I do not have \"blind faith\" in anything, leave alone Parliament. I retain my right to question Parliament and as a citizen of this country, I expect answers from my Parliament. Lord Buddha encouraged people to even question God and religion. Before accepting him as his teacher, Vivekanand asked tough questions from his Guru Sri Ramakrishna.Anna's movement has raised some fundamental questions about Indian democracy. Is it really \"by the people, of the people, for the people\"? In our opinion, it has increasingly become \"of the party high command, for the party high command and by the party high command.\" Too much power gets concentrated in the hands of a few people after elections. With all humility, I first wish to counter the myth that Parliament is supreme. It is not. The people of this country are superior to Parliament. How?In 1947, when the country became independent, there was neither a constitution, nor a Parliament but just the people of India. These people, through the Constituent Assembly, wrote a constitution. The constitution says: \"We, the people of India, give ourselves this constitution.\" This Constitution then created the Parliament. Therefore, the Constitution of India is superior to Parliament and the people of India are superior to both the Parliament and the Constitution.In 1950, we adopted representative form of democracy. People elect their Member of Parliament for five years. He is supposed to be the \"voice of his people\" in Parliament.Unfortunately, an elected MP goes by the directions of his party High Command. Under law, he is supposed to follow the orders of his party High Command, else he could lose membership of Parliament. MPs are more worried about getting their party's ticket for the next election.During Anna's movement, MPs witnessed overwhelming public response in favor of Jan Lokpal. Many of them wanted to support it. But they privately admitted that their party was opposed to it and therefore, they could not support it. An MP publicly announced his support for the movement but retracted it when he was admonished by his party.In any party, it is the top one or two people who take all decisions.The party high command of ruling party (or party high commands of the ruling coalition) takes all major decisions about governance. In Parliament, since the ruling party has a majority, it can get any law passed. So, when it is said that the Parliament will decide, it is wrong. It is the party High Command of the ruling party that decides which laws would be passed in Parliament.Others, who are opposed to it, may make a few speeches. And party High Command never consults people. Decisions could be taken to favor various lobbies on extraneous considerations at the cost of public interest. In rare cases, some MPs do dare to go against party High Command's whip. Such decisions are taken not because that MP's people wished otherwise. These decisions are also mostly under influence of extraneous considerations like cash for vote or cash for questions scams.Between two elections, India almost becomes a dictatorship of the high command of the ruling party.Lakhs of people came on the streets during Anna's movement. Crores of people sympathize with it. Still just one out of 34 of the movement's demands were included in Government's Lokpal Bill. But Rahul Gandhi suggested that constitutional status be given to Lokpal and the whole government started working towards amending the constitution of India. Imagine, just one person wields such enormous power.The most unfortunate part is that even the present Prime Minister finds himself helpless before the party High Command. In fact, he has said publicly many times and is also reported to have reiterated in Cabinet meetings that he and his office should be brought under the jurisdiction of Lokpal. However, his suggestion was not accepted.How can India be a good democracy when the PM, MPs and people don't have a say? It is unclear whether we would now get a strong Lokpal Bill. The struggle for Lokpal is turning into a struggle for democracy.Time has come to question representative democracy and move towards direct or participatory democracy in some measure. On critical issues, an MP should consult the people of his constituency through Gram Sabhas and Mohalla Sabhas (general body meetings of voters in that village or mohalla). He should present the voice of his people in Parliament and not his High Command's wishes. People should be able to recall him if he didn't do that.On many occasions, there is a serious conflict between the desires of the people and the wishes of the Party High Command. Today, it is the wishes of the party High Command that prevail. In true democracy, it is the wishes of the people of India that would prevail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11326054", "title": "Husband, mother sentenced to life imprisonment for dowry death", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge W K Sangle on Friday sentenced a 28-year-old husband and the mother in-law of a newly wed woman to life imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 2,000 each for killing her by setting her on fire over demands for dowry in 2010.The convicts are Pravin Pawar and his mother Ambubai Pawar both residents of Wadarwadi.The prosecutions case is that the 19-year-old Poonam married Pravin on May 7, 2009. But, 15 days after the marriage, Pravin had started harassing her and demanding Rs 30,000 as dowry.Additional public prosecutor Shivaji Patil said initially, Poonam's parents acceded to Pravin's demand and her mother paid up Rs 30,000. But, in August, the mother-son duo once again demanded Rs 40,000 as dowry and started harassing Poonam physically and m entally.Patil said that Pravin also threatened her with a divorce if she did not meet the dowry demand. Poonam's parents again paid Rs 40,000 to the greedy mother-son duo.According to Patil, after few days, Pravin demanded Rs 2 lakh, but when Poonam and her family members failed to meet their dowry demands, the duo poured kerosene over her and set her ablaze on April 3, 2010.Poonam in her dying declaration had held her husband and mother in-law responsible for the incident. Patil relied on the dying declaration, medical and other evidence for proving the guilt of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11321138", "title": "Food, booze &amp; loud music set tempo", "text": "LUDHIANA: As the countdown to 2012 closed in, restaurants, hotels, clubs, malls and farmhouse saw revellers jostling for space. Balancing glasses of alcohol in one hand, platters of food in another and swinging to music playing at full blast, party hoppers made sure they start the new year in true-blue Ludhianvi style. Various Indian and foreign bands and famous DJs, specially invited by hotels and malls for the celebration, made residents long to be in multiple places all at the same time.Civil Lines-resident Ranjan Malhotra said there's no fun sitting alone at home and watching boring soaps on TV while the new year arrives. \"For me real fun is in partying hard so my wife Suman and I went to MBD Mall and welcomed 2012 with a crowd of other people,\" he added.Deepak Bishnoi of Rajguru Nagar said his group of friends had decided long ago to dance the night away on New Year's and that's what they did, with loud Hollywood music setting the tempo right.Naveen Uniyal, food and beverage (F&B;) manager of Geoffrey's said this time they threw a private party for only about 75 couples. F&B; manager of Hotel Keys Randip Grewal said DJ Sam, live music by Indian and Filipino bands and turkey on their dinner menu ensured that the party was a success.At MBD Mall, world cuisine counters were the attraction with residents getting excited over a four-feet-long fish being served. Those who had booked to spend New Year's Eve at Hotel Park Plaza were greeted by a variety of music and entertainment. Starting with a Colombian band to Russian DJ Romonabe and dancer Shipra, the performances kept the spirits high. General manager of Sarovar Portico said they had laid a lavish buffet and prepared special gift hampers as a surprise for their guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322017", "title": "Mysore over the years", "text": "The Mysore Fort, Agrahara and Lashkar Mohalla beside the commercial district around Devaraja Market once constituted the limits of Mysore. This, when the royal town was capital of the erstwhile Mysore state.Even when the local body was around 50 years old, its jurisdiction was small with the municipality administration surrounding the Mysore fort. It was after Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar assumed charge as the maharaja that the city's boundary began to stretch. The constitution of the local body has an interesting tale.In April 1861, it was directed to constitute the municipality and that the people be consulted about the tax structure and various communities be represented. The Mysore administrators put in place a committee in July, 1862 to give effect to the directives which were headed by the superintendent of the Ashtagram division.There were five official and three non-official members in the panel. A regulation to govern municipal concerns was also introduced in the assembly in 1888 which was followed up some two decades later with the 'Mysore Municipal regulation, 1906'.As the city's boundary is set to extend in 2012 with the Mysore City Corporation proposing to include 41 villages surrounding the city, it is interesting to note that the local body started its task with proper planning: The city was divided into seven mohallas which were basically revenue divisions for effective governance. There was Fort Mohalla, Laskhar Mohalla, Devaraja Mohalla, Krishnaraja Mohalla, Mandi Mohalla, Chamaraja Mohalla and Nazarbad.By 1900s, the local body had set up several committees including those for health and schools to focus on the task. Tax for sanitation was abolished, town dues and Octroi were the major sources of municipal funds. Following the setting up of the municipal body, improvement of town roads and drains received primary attention and streetlights were provided.In 1869-70, town police were asked to be managed by the municipal body, which was done away with in 1888. By 1890, the municipal body offered grants-in-aid to educational institutions. Councilors were known as commissioners then and the municipal body was headed by the deputy commissioner of Mysore district. Octroi, tax on water supply and property, was assigned to the municipal body sometime later.Till 1953, voting, for a Mysorean, was a privilege. There were riders for a resident to get his name into the voters' list. 'Persons upon whom titles have been conferred by the Government of India, or by His Highness the Maharaja of Mysore,' was one such condition.According to a notification of January 25, 1909 a resident has to be a tax payer to make it to the voters' list. He should have paid for a period of not less than six months prior to the date of the publication of the list of voters, municipal taxes, other than Octroi or toll. Voting rights were denied to women. When elections were held in 1924, there were 4,400 voters and some 2,500 exercised it.The civic body was upgraded in 1906 with a new set of regulations. There were 20 municipal commissioners of whom 10 were elected and six nominated by the government.The practice of a government-appointed nominee heading the civic body was scrapped in 1948 and P Seetharamaiah was the first people's direct representative at the helm of affairs at the local body.Venkatesh was the first elected woman president of the local body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320547", "title": "Bandra mishap: Fashion designer was to marry US-based fiance", "text": "MUMBAI: The fashion designer who died in a road accident in Bandra (E) early on Friday was preparing to marry her US-based fiance, who was driving the car, the police said.Dhwani Chheda (22) was killed when her fiance, Viral Goradia (27), lost control of the Honda City they were in and rammed it into a road divider at Kherwadi junction on the Western Express Highway on Friday.Goradia, a US-based MBA student of Indian origin, has been booked for rash and negligent driving. Goradia tried to mislead the police by telling them that he was put up in a south Mumbai hotel.\"We checked with the hotel and found that it was false. We suspect he was staying in a rented flat in the suburbs and are making inquiries. Goradia said he was engaged to Chheda and they were planning to marry soon,\" said Avaduth Chawan, senior inspector of the Kherwadi police station.Goradia's passport has been confiscated. According to the police, the NRI befriended Chheda through a social networking website and came to Mumbai to complete the marriage formalities.Goradia, who is from New York City, was driving under the influence of alcohol at the time of the accident, the police said.He was taken to Bhabha Hospital for treatment and later shifted to Lilavati Hospital. According to the police, the couple had dinner at a south Mumbai eatery and joined some friends for a party at Malabar Hill.Goradia drank beer with his friends and later went to drop Chheda home when the accident took place. Goradia's family is expected to arrive in Mumbai on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11327648", "title": "City quiet on New Year", "text": "PATNA: The city was unusually peaceful this new year, with not a single arrest being reported from anywhere on Saturday and Sunday.An official at Patna police control room told TOI, \"We have not received a single complaint of eve-teasing, theft, drunken driving, rash driving or any other serious crime on December 31 night.\"LM Sharma, DSP (law and order), said, \"In my Kotwali area, no incident has been reported. We have not arrested anyone here.\" He added, \"This year, New Year went quiet smoothly. City people are now changing and they understand that it is time to rejoice and not spoil the enjoyment.\"Mohita Ahuja, a student, said, \"I came back home at 1am and faced no untoward incident; the atmosphere in Patna has changed a lot now. We feel quiet safe even at midnight.\"Perhaps, bad weather played a key role in the incident-free celebration. Prateek Kumar, a student, said, \"Now, Lande (erstwhile city SP) is no more in the city to nab us; so we had made plans for bike racing and enjoying ride but wet roads have destroyed all our plans.\"Similar were the views of Shweta Shah, who works in a telecom company, \"It was my off today and I had lots of plans with my friends to enjoy the whole day, but due to rain we couldn't go anywhere. I am struck in the house and feel so bad about it.\"In spite of the fact that unexpected rain on New Year forced many to cancel their plans, most of the restaurants of the city were packed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11322054", "title": "Writer Kambar Person of The Year", "text": "BANGALORE: Litterateur Chandrashekara Kambar was honoured with the Person of the Year award by the Press Club of Bangalore on Saturday.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda presented the award to Kambar. Journalists Gowri Lankesh and Dinesh Ameen Mattu and artist P S Kumar were presented the Press Club awards, while another journalist, BT Amuthan, was honoured with a special award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322995", "title": "Global 12", "text": "Recep Tayyip ErdoganNew champion of political Islam, the Turkish PM's interest in the Arab Spring, condemnation of Syria and growing distance from US and Israel has ensured he is one of the most significant and popular leaders of the Islamic worldVladimir PutinThe incumbent PM and would-be president (again) in 2012, reportedly doesn't like a Stalin-type personality cult. The recent protests and his response to them, however, make it tough to buy that claimKei NishikoriThe New Year might belong to the Japanese tennis sensation. Recently the world number 25 stunned everyone by beating Novak Djokovic in the Swiss Indoors Basel semi-finalsXi JinpingNext year he is expected to replace Hu Jintao -- the present general secretary of the Communist Party of China. With peoples' rumblings in China getting louder, the Gen-Sec will be a key voice on future policyAung San Suu KyiIn November 2011, she expressed her willingness to contest the 2012 bypolls in Burma . Her wish has been granted. That's great hope for an impoverished, fettered nationTim CookThe fitness freak who reportedly starts his day at 4:30 am has replaced Steve Jobs as Apple's new CEO - enough reason for making it to this list.Boris JohnsonFrom July 27 to August 12, 2012, all eyes would be on this writer, prominent member of Her Majesty's loyal opposition and London mayor as his city holds the OlympicsThe Black KeysThe Grammy winning American rock duo shot to fame after the release of 'Brothers' in 2010. Their new 'Album El Camino' is already big and they are nominated for a 2012 GrammyHilary MantelThe Booker-winner and English writer, known for her detailed description of malevolence and brutality, is penning her next novel, due for release this yearKim Jong UnDear Leader's Great Successor is already famous. Note: the side-parted hair. The world is waiting to see what direction he would take his nuclear armed hermit kingdom that's sometimes dubbed rogue stateAngelina JolieAlthough in 2012 superheroes and sequels will rule the silver screen, Angelina Jolie depicts a moving love story during the Bosnian war in her Golden Globe-nominated directorial debut. Many are waiting for her 'Land of Blood and Honey'NeymarEven after Pele's repeated requests, the then Brazilian coach Dunga preferred to overlook Neymar for the World Cup. The talented teenager is today's most awaited young footballer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11322324", "title": "Citizens have a 'blast' on New Year eve", "text": "KANPUR: Several parties and celebrations were held in the city to welcome the New Year 2012 on Saturday night. Many residents have celebration plans for Sunday as well, the first day of the new year. The city malls, clubs, restaurants and all prominent entertainment places witnessed a huge rush of both - youngsters and the elder lot.People gave a grand welcome to the New Year with various theme and dance parties. Many people also opted to stay back at homes due to thunder showers on the New Year eve which made the weather chilly cold. However, the dipping temperature did not dampen the spirit of youngsters.Ankita and Sarvesh, a couple whose dance was an eye candy to the viewers at a club, said that they are celebrating New Year in the city with their family after three years as they live out of town.They added, \"It is fun to celebrate with family but we are also missing our office New Year party as well.Expressing her enthusiasm, Shubhangi who for the first time have opted to go for a club New Year party said, \"I had never thought that New Year could be like this in the city as well. I am feeling as if I am in a Bollywood party.\" Both - youngsters and elderly people were seen together at prominent city spots.Sharmila Lal, a senior citizen, said, \"After a long time, my whole family came together to celebrate Christmas and New Year with us. Every year, my kids do come but they go early due to their jobs but this year, all my three sons and daughter stayed with us till New Year. These are the happiest moments for me.\"It was not just that the city youths were busy in purchasing greeting cards for the New Year, they were also giving a keen thought to their New Year resolutions as well. Most youths admitted it's difficult to stick to the New Year resolutions.Many board's students made a New Year resolution that they would start studying in 2012. Some also resolved to quit smoking , exercise regularly, lose weight and remain faithful towards their work, love and family.Jhanavi, mother of Shikha who resolved to study eight hours every day, said, \"By the time, children get rid of the hangover of New Year eve party, the resolution too had gone out of the window. What the younger lot should do is to try to opt for easy resolutions so that they can at least uphold them for a month.\"Aniket, a student of BBA final year, said that he had managed to follow his New Year resolution of 2011 throughout the year which was to visit the 'Hanuman' temple every Tuesday. He took another resolution in 2012 to get more than 70% marks in his last semester.Sisters Sakhi and Suchi made a different New Year resolution. They decided to join cooking classes to please their mother, while newly wedded Harshit said he would quit smoking this year to make his wife Nupur happy. While partying hard, youngsters didn't miss to display their latest woollen clothes.People were seen making a style statement by showcasing their designer sweaters and jackets at New Year parties. Sneha, a housewife, said, \"I am wearing a designer coat on a silk sari so that bone-chilling winter does not affect my New Year bash.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "11320512", "title": "Chopdem gets new sarpanch", "text": "MANDREM: Ekata Eknath Chodankar was elected unopposed as sarpanch of Agarwada-Chopdem village panchayat on December 31. The post was lying vacant after former sarpanch Anil Gaokar resigned from the post. Vasudev Chopdekar and Sangeeta Naik were also in the race for the top post.The frequent squabbling between two groups of members of the Agarwada and Chopdem areas of the panchayat saw five sarpanchas in the last five years.Speaking to TOI, Chodankar said that she would work towards proving basic amenities like water and electricity to all panchayat wards. \"Priority will be given to solve the problem of those engaged in the salt extraction business,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11323075", "title": "Naidu claims TRS, Jagan have struck poll pact", "text": "HYDERABAD: N Chandrababu Naidu, the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) president Saturday claimed that YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy and TRS supremo K Chandrasekhar Rao had arrived at a secret understanding for the upcoming bypolls in the state.Describing as 'match-fixing' YSR Congress' decision not to contest seats in the Telangana region, Naidu alleged that KCR and Jagan had come to a secret understandingSpeaking to the media, Naidu faulted KCR and Jagan for not attending the winter session of Parliament during which the all-important Lokpal bill was discussed. \"KCR is resting in his 75-acre farmhouse and Jagan is busy with his year-long Odarpu Yatra. Neither is too concerned about the rampant corruption in the country,' the TDP chief said.Naidu said that after 'swallowing up' the Prajarajyam party, Congress was now attempting to do the same with TRS with the sole aim of weakening his party. He made it clear that TDP would continue to fight the anti-people policies of the ruling party and expose corrupt leaders. \"The Telangana issue was raked up by Congress . It has to resolve it. As a political party, we announced our stand. Why is the Congress not declaring its stand and trying to resolve the issue ?\" Naidu asked.Describing the Kiran Kumar Reddy government as a 'non-performer ,' the TDP chief said that during his one-year in power, the CM had burdened the people of the state with additional taxes to the tune of Rs 10,000 crore and was getting ready to net more revenues. Naidu demanded that the state take immediate steps to provide relief to farmers who have opted for a crop holiday for nearly 80 lakh acres of agricultural land.Meanwhile, TDP is getting ready to join Facebook with Naidu slated to launch the party's Facebook page in a week's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11323115", "title": "DGP's remark twisted: Women cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two senior women IPS officers, who were present at the annual press conference on Friday where DGP V Dinesh Reddy linked provocative' dressing by women to the increasing incidents of rape, have charged the media with twisting the DGP's statement and blowing it out of proportion.In a signed statement released by the DGP's office on Saturday, Tejdeep Kaur Menon (additional DGP, training ) and A R Anuradha (IG, law and order), said they were very much present at the DGP's annual press briefing on Friday. \"We are pained and deeply hurt over the twisting of the DGP's statement and blowing it out of proportion and context by a section of the media. What all our DGP stated was to a pointed query about increase in rapes. We strongly condemn such motivated and selfish attempts to sensationalise the statement of our DGP, who is known for championing the cause of women,\" the statement read.According to the two women officers , Dinesh Reddy had made it clear in his first press conference as DGP that special emphasis should be given for the redressal of the grievances of the aged and women who approach the police. \"He has taken special steps to handle crime against women and also makes special mention during his meetings to review the crimes against women,\" the officers said.Tejdeep Kaur and Anuradha listed out the steps taken by the DGP. According to them, Dinesh Reddy has given key law and order positions to newly-recruited women DSPs, ensured the posting of women constables and women home guards in every police station, constituted cells in his office to monitor crimes against women and conducted workshops to check human trafficking. The DGP has also taken a serious note of the acid attacks on women and suggested to the Centre that the punishment for the offenders should be enhanced, they said.In conclusion, they said: \"We have watched him from close quarters as to how he takes care of women visitors who come to him with representations . They are treated with utmost sympathy and empathy and he takes pains to attend to their issues.\"Will 'fair' defence save Dinesh?However , the DGP's comments on the dress sense of women and the rising incidents of rape were telecast live by the TV news channels and there was no distortion or misrepresentation on the part of the media.In fact, Union home minister P Chidambaram has already condemned the statement of the DGP and various women organizations have demanded an apology from him. It remains to be seen to what extent the vehement denial by the two women IPS officers that there was no wrongdoing on the part of the DGP and that the media was the culprit would help in bailing out Dinesh Reddy from the controversy he has thrust upon himself. In the meanwhile, some women delegations called on the DGP on Saturday where he explained to them his position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321118", "title": "Congmen lash out at their leaders, Govt", "text": "JAIPUR: After PCC chief Chandrabhan, the Jaipur City Congress Committee president Salim Kagzi too has expressed doubts at the ruling party's return to power in 2013 if its present state of affairs continues.At a party function on Saturday, the Congressmen again publicly expressed resentment at being 'ignored' by its 'own' government. In the presence of Chandrabhan, the party workers demanded 'greater participation' in the governance.At the same time, Chandrabhan reiterated that the Congressmen need to bury their hatchet and start publicising the Gehlot government's achievements to be able to retain power after the next assembly polls. He advised the partymen to stop accusing the government in public.However, the Congress workers appeared anguished and lamented that the government officials did not listen to them despite the party being in power. Opposition leader in the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) Gulam Nabi said, \"Party workers from Jaipur have always been ignored. Outsiders become the ministers and chief ministers and bring along their sidekicks (chamche) who enjoy the power.\" He added that if the chief minister or the then party president had campaigned in Jaipur during the JMC elections, the Congress would have been the majority party in the civic body.Chandrabhan pointed out that the local Congress workers have still not be able to publicise the Jaipur Metro train project as Gehlot government's achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11327913", "title": "Solar fencing to curb human-elephant conflict", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Odisha government has decided to use solar fencing in Ganjam district to curb incidents arising out of a conflict between humans and elephants.In the first phase, a five-km stretch would be fenced near Narayani jungle under Khallikote forest range to prevent entry of jumbos into human habitats by using a permissible amount of electric shock.\"The work for solar fencing will start after the elephant herds are driven away from Ganjam block,\" divisional forest officer, Berhampur, AK Jena, said.At least 22 elephants divided into three to four herds are now camping in Damanagiri forest in the block, he said.The affected areas are the four blocks of Chhatrapur, Khallikote, Beguniapada and Ganjam.The government has already sanctioned Rs five lakh and has assured the rest of the amount for the fence which will cost a total of around Rs 10 lakh, he said.Solar fencing at other entry areas used by the animals would be made after assessment of this project, he added.A meeting was held by the Sub-Collector, Chhatrapur, Jena and members of the coordination committee over the weekend to review the loss caused due to elephants who stray into human habitat.While at least seven persons have died, four pachyderms have been killed in the last three years in the area due to such conflicts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11323151", "title": "We have flattened the world for mobile ads", "text": "Q. What's the opportunity you see in mobile ads?Ads follow eyeballs. And eyeballs are moving more and more to post-PC devices, including mobile phones. So our technology is necessary for advertisers. Mobile advertising is a $3-5 billion market now, but is estimated to become more than $30 billion in 4-5 years. Before long it will eclipse PC advertising, which is about $60 billion now. We already show ads to 400 million users across 200 countries every month.Q. Does your global presence offer any specific advantage to advertisers?We have flattened the world for advertisers. If you in India have a product, you don't have to worry about advertising it in, say, the UK. We can do it for you from here (by targeting mobile users in the UK).Q. What challenges are you facing in building a global company?The biggest challenge is to attract great people all the time. Innovation is critical to us, and we need great talent for that. We have 300 employees in India, and 200 overseas. How can we retain them and attract more is the question we have to continuously deal with. Almost 60% of my time is spent on this.Q. Google is your biggest competitor. Surely it's not easy taking them on.The market is so big that in our internal conversations , Google hardly figures. But yes, compared to Google, we certainly have to do some extra selling. Saying that we are a company from India itself becomes a challenge. India is still not known for its technology product capabilities, even though we are as good as anybody else, especially in areas like mobile technology.Q. Do you see the technology startup and entrepreneurship environment changing rapidly in India?Look at the number of companies that have started in the last one or two years. Families , and society in general, are accepting entrepreneurship in a big way, and so also the associated issue of failure (of startups). Good talent, top-end talent is willing to work for startups today; they are not looking only at large companies. When children marry, the families may not even have heard of the company that the person who their child is marrying is working in. But they are fine with that. This definitely wasn't the case a few years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11322356", "title": "BAU to take action for hostel clash times news network ...", "text": "RANCHI: Birsa Agriculture University ( BAU) administration has decided to take action against the students who clashed on Friday evening once the university reopens on Monday.Director (students' welfare) N K Roy said that action would be taken only after proper investigation and identification of the erring students. \"We are not going to initiate any action against the senior students unless the role of juniors in the brawl is known,\" he said.Students of Agriculture College entered into hot discussions with seniorstudents of MBA in the department of argi-business management. The discussion turned to heated debate over outsider students playing on the field adjacent to hostel No. 4.One of the MBA students, who is an inmate of the hostel No. 4, said that the juniors came in inebriated condition and started abusing the seniors. \"We are small in number and initially decided to avoid any conflict but when we found them in inebriated condition we could not help but to beat them up for their indiscipline,\" said MBA student Dharmendra Jaat. \"These fights are common in our hostel because there is hardly any control of the university administration over the students of Agriculture College,\" he said.Roy said that if the juniors actually initiated the fight those responsible for it must be identified with the seniors who tried taking law into their hands.Half-a-dozen students were taken to Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences ( RIMS) out of which one is learnt to have suffered minor injuries whereas two others were released from the hospital immediately after first-aid. Unwilling to be named, one senior student said that they ensured that all the students are beaten up on feet. \"No one was beaten on face or other parts of the body except feet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322345", "title": "Four of a family booked for dowry before marriage", "text": "BHOPAL: Four members of a family have been booked on Friday night under the Dowry Prohibition Act even before the marriage was solemnised after a complaint by the girl's family. The groom's side allegedly withdrew from the marriage, which was to be held on December 4, after the girl's side failed to give a car worth Rs 8 lakh.The police said a complaint in this regard was received on November 26 while the marriage was scheduled for December 4. A case was registered after corroborating the charges leveled against the groom's family.It is a rare case when case under Dowry Prohibition Act has been registered against the family even before the marriage was solemnised, the police added.Vijay Shankar, a sub-engineer, in his complaint with the police alleged that the wedding of his daughter was fixed with Abhishek in early 2011. The ring exchange had taken place later and every thing was set for the marriage.However, the groom's family, including his father Rajendra, allegedly started putting pressure on Vijay Shankar and his family demanding a car worth Rs 8 lakh as the wedding date approached, he told the police in his complaint.The complainant stated that he had borrowed money for buying a car and was in process of arranging the remaining sum. But family of the groom remained adamant and withdrew from the marriage barely a few days before it was to be solemnized.Police said the all the accused were based in Uttar Pradesh were summoned here for counseling before registering a case. The police said that the boy's side had attended the session but nothing materialised out of it.However, after ascertaining that dowry was the reason that led to the breaking of the marriage, a case was registered against Rajendra, his wife, son Abhishek and Sandhya, his close relative.The town inspector of Piplani police station, Nagendra Pateria, said \"A police team is being sent to UP to bring the accused to Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11321644", "title": "Saptak brings year\u2019s happiest notes again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suchismita Das - a lustrous talent from the Patiala Gharana - was on a flight to Ahmedabad where she was due to perform at the 2011 edition of the Saptak music festival. In her mind, the hum of the jet engine was being choked by the buzz of anxiety that was taunting her like Shree, a dark and heavy raga that broods rampantly.Just two days earlier, a severe asthma attack had weakened her so much that her friend Shabana Azmi had wondered: \"Will you be able to perform in this condition?\" Suchismita managed to haltingly whisper: \"I will die, but won't miss Saptak.\"In the end, Suchismita's renditions bristled with such virtuosity at Saptak that Pandit Vishwamoham Bhatt - the celebrated Mohan Veena maestro - hailed her performance as \"authentic\". That intense saadhana, the worship of perfection, and cultura momentousness will pulsate again in Ahmedabad from Sunday till January 13, as Saptak's 32nd season is presented at Amrut Mody School of Management. For Pandit Bhatt, who has performed at all 32 editions, Ahmedabad's audience is the primary draw.\"The Amdavadi audience is mature, knowledgeable, and committed, \" Pandit Bhatt told TOI. \"They are always inspiring.\"Another classical music icon who holds Ahmedabad rasikas in high esteem is Ustad Zakir Hussain, the peerless tabla legend. Manju Mehta, the power behind Saptak told TOI: \"Ustad Zakir Hussain had an unending list of commitments this month. Yet he decided to perform at the festival because of the affection he feels for it.\"Mehta began nurturing the Saptak legacy after the death of her husband Pandit Nandan Mehta, the festival's founder, in March 2010.\"That the festival continues to enjoy the support of India's classical music divinities is a tribute to Pandit Mehta's devotion to his art and his capacity to build goodwill.\" She said that, as always, the country's preeminent exponents would be featured at Saptak. As for stalwarts from Ahmedabad, Ustad Shaukat Hussain Khan - the sole custodian of the Agra-Atrauli Gharana in Gujarat - is among the notables who will take the Saptak stage.\"I have performed at the festival every year for the past 27 years,\" he said. His gharana's style is characterized by full-bodied singing and purity of renditions. Indeed, the purity of artistic intention will be - as ever - the constant accompaniment of every Saptak baithak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11321542", "title": "Panchayat polls: Cong, BJP hurl conflicting claims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is the season of claims and counter-claims as counting ended for gram panchayat polls on Saturday. Both Congress and BJP said they won huge majorities in most parts of the state, but as gram panchayat polls are not fought on party symbols, both had little evidence to show.The celebrations were louder at Congress office where a small group of party workers gathered and burst crackers. However, there was no victory show by BJP, but the party insisted they still held their margins of the previous election.8,247 villages of the 10,394 villages in the state went to the polls. Also, fewer villages accepted the state government's samras scheme. Compared to 2,464 villages accepting the scheme in 2006, this year 2,146 villagers unanimously chose their panchayat members.\"The state government wanted 50 to 60 per cent villages to be samras this time but has failed,\" said Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee president Arjun Modhwadia. \"We have won in nearly 70 per cent of the villages,\" he added claiming 1,400 congress sarpanches of 2,100 odd samras village panchayats.The BJP spokesperson I K Jadeja also claimed 70 per cent win and added that the Congress claims were false. He said that people of Gujarat had once again shown their faith in state government.\"We have held on to our lead from the previous election,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11323144", "title": "We need nicer art schools", "text": "The New Year should open with good news for you as the 2011 Skoda Prize, considered the Indian equivalent of Turner Prize, will be announced and you are one of the three finalists.You can't win or lose when you make art; at best, you experience cyclical periods of successes or failures within your studio. Interestingly , one observes that one's artistic journey is often marked with very productive and generative failures that are very often disguised prompts towards new ideas and renewal. That said, art events like the Turner Prize or Skoda Prize are more conversations than prizes as they become sites for collective dialogue.You are one of the best in the field when it comes to the cutting edge nature of contemporary Indian art. Your 'Public Notice' series took art where it had not ventured before - a historical speech. What is the thought process behind such effort?'Public Notice' began with questions ; with doubts and uncertainties about the world we inhabit, making me want to travel back to moments in history and revisit historic speeches that can be reinscribed and re-read . That is initially how I made the first 'Public Notice' piece in 2002-03 .The market of contemporary Indian art is estimated to be around 5% of the total market now. That indicates potential for growth. But are Indians ready to invest in cutting-edge art despite their preference for the modern masters?I have no idea of these numbers but I can say that in the 15 years since my debut solo at Gallery Chemould, one has seen massive transformations in the contemporary art scene in India. The circumference of the art world in India has grown immensely and its boundary is blurred with the global art scene in interesting ways. One is collaborating with writers, artists, curators, galleries and museums all over the world on a daily basis just as one is with people closer home.What else do we need? What lies in store in 2012?The obvious things that come to mind would be better institutions , nicer art schools and museums , more publications, more research spaces. But perhaps these things manifest themselves slowly and organically as involved audiences grow in such vast numbers that they press for change. I see it happen around us. As for 2012, I look forward to seeing the works that my artist friends are working on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new lajpat nagar", "code": "11321178", "title": "Changing gears from family trade", "text": "NEW LAJPAT NAGAR: For 45 years, the Singh family of New Lajpat Nagar has been running a medical agency. Familiar with various medicines and their trade, the family never thought of changing gears. But that was till their son Inderpal Singh grew up.While studying MBA from Indian Institute of Planning and Management (IIPM) in Delhi, Inderpal began to foster the desire to have his own restaurant. He would pay close attention to the exteriors, interiors and food quality of restaurants that he liked. And when he returned home this year, his long standing dream began to take shape.In December, he opened his first vegetarian restaurant - Spice Cube - near Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) along Ferozepur Road. Putting together all the tips he picked up from years of observation, Inderpal has given his restaurant a modern design based on the concept of the five elements of 'jal', 'vayu', 'agni', 'prithvi' and 'dhatu' that form the perfect Satvik ratio.\"The food is vegetarian because I always wanted to start with a vegetarian restaurant with a variety of lean proteins, whole grains and vegetables. But, we never sacrifice flavour. I believe vegetarianism nourishes body, spirit and mind. A quote by American teen icon River Phoenix that 'vegetarianism is a link to perfection and peace' is best way of describing my restaurant','' said Inderpal.While trying out different ways of making his outlet a place that rejuvenates clients with the right kind of ambience and music, Inderpal is aware that none of this would have happened if his family had not backed his convictions. \"My father Amar Singh and elder brother Amrit Pal have been running the business of supplying medicines but they never imposed it on me. My family released me to follow my own heart and do whatever I was convinced to do. Because of their support and God's grace I could go ahead with a free mind,'' he said.But, his mind is still juggling between various ideas for the future. \"My dream is to develop a chain of restaurants and I cannot really rest before that,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "11321260", "title": "Dalai Lama arrives in Bodh Gaya, Kalchakra begins", "text": "GAYA: Buddhist supreme spiritual leader and Nobel peace prize winner, the Dalai Lama arrived in Bodh Gaya on Saturday to lead the Kalchakra puja, the mega prayer for world peace and creation of living Buddhas through meditation and spiritual purification. Hollywood star Richard Gere has also arrived for the special event.Though the prayers began in the morning in the sprawling Kalchakra Maidan teeming with Buddha followers from across the world, a sizeable number of them being Europeans, Dalai Lama will lead the prayers from January 1, 2012 morning and his sermons delivered in Tibetan will be simultaneously translated in different languages and transmitted to the meditators through FM band transmitters.A state guest enjoying Z plus security, the spiritual leader was received at the Gaya International Airport by the Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi and SSP Vinay Kumar. The spiritual leader offered prayers in the Mahabodhi shrine sanctum, the seat of Buddha's enlightenment before retiring to the Tibetan monastery, Dalai Lama's Bodh Gaya address during his visits to the sacred township.Thousands of Tibetan monks and laity lined along the route to have a glimpse of the most visible living symbol of Buddhism in the world. Tears rolled down the cheeks of several elderly Tibetans as His Holiness's convoy passed through the road leading to the Mahabodhi temple. The elderly Tibetans, virtually reconciled to prolonged Indian hospitality, wept as the hope of going back to their homeland diminished with Dalai Lama's advancing age and the Chinese tightening control over Tibet .According to the Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar , foolproof security arrangements have been made keeping in mind the threat perception and Dalai Lama's security entitlements.Kalchakra 2012 has attracted the maximum number of meditators, surpassing all previous records of the four Kalchakra Pujas held in the years 1974, 1984, 2002 (abandoned due to Dalai Lama's illness) and 2003, as this Kalchakra is said to be the last such ritual to be performed by the Dalai Lama in Bodh Gaya.On account of the arrival of virtually an unmanageable number of Buddha followers concentrated in a relatively small area between the Buddha shrine and the Kalchakra Maidan, the Temple Management Committee has an uphill task at hand in protecting the sacred Bodhi tree from overzealous devotees, too eager to touch the tree and tie wish knots, soil compaction and resultant injury to the sacred tree and the burning of oil lamps and incense sticks.According to Temple Management Committee member Arvind Singh, the ban on physical contact between the Buddha devotees and the sacred tree and the burning of incense sticks and oil lamps was being effectively implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11322059", "title": "Global meet on power to begin from January 2", "text": "THRISSUR: The Thalakkottukara-based Vidya Institute of Science and Technology is organizing EPSCICON, the second international conference on power, signals, controls and computations, from January 2 to 6.Addressing the media, Dr Sudha Balagopalan, Institutional Coordinator, EPSCICON said the event was being organized by the department of electrical and electronics engineering of the institute with technical co-sponsorship from IEEE PES.The conference will inaugurated by N Murugesan, director general, Central Power Research Institute (CPRI), in the presence of CGS Mani, president of Bajaj Electricals.\"Delegates from Germany, Sweden , United States , United Kingdom , Australia, Portugal, etc., would be participating in the five-day event that would see about 100 papers being presented on power, signals, controls and computations,\" said Dr Sudha.\"The special attractions of the event will be the speech by Prof Victor P Savinykh, cosmonaut , and president of Moscow State University of Geodesy and Cartography; piano concert by international pianist Anna Margulis, and a music concert by Shankar Bhattacharya, Indrajit Banerjee and Gourishankar,\" Dr Sudha added.The papers being presented include The separation principle in stochastic control, Redux by Anders Lindquist, Shanghai Jiaotong University, China; Optimal control-practical motivation and problem formulations by Kok Lay Teo, Curtin University, Australia; The structure-preserving doubling algorithm by King Wah Eric Chu, Monash University, Australia and Optimal discrete-valued control problems by Ryan Loxton, Curtin University, Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321036", "title": "High-voltage polls to make 2012 electrifying", "text": "NEW DELHI: If 2011 seems to have gone in a flash, 2012 may zip by even quicker. The Election Commission has set a brisk pace by ringing the gong for five state elections in January and February with the results bound to be read as UPA-2's health bulletin just past the coalition's midterm.After the highly divisive winter session of Parliament ended in a dramatic deadlock over the Lokpal bill, parties will plunge into electoral contests, including the battle for Uttar Pradesh that promises to have a profound impact on political equations at the Centre.The UP poll can rewire Congress-SP ties, mark Mayawati's decline and make or mar Rahul Gandhi's bid to set Congress on an upward trajectory ahead of the 2014 general elections. It might mark the difference between quickening the perception of UPA-2's decline and giving Congress a much-needed lifeline.While scams like 2G, the Commonwealth Games and Adarsh that dominated politics in 2011 are yet to fade, the Anna Hazare campaign for a Lokpal that promises to radically alter executive, investigative and judicial functions will cast its shadow on the year ahead despite the Gandhian's Mumbai flop show. Just when Parliament might have prevailed, political rivalries have given Team Anna a chance to get back in the game.The state elections will be followed by the presidential election that will demand great skill from the government in picking a candidate who can attract a significant chunk of opposition votes but is still the \"right choice\" for the office that plays a key role in the formation of coalition governments. Delhi's rumour mills are abuzz with names as political circles speculate on a post-assembly poll scenario.The fragmented polity with powerful regional players is unlikely to change and whichever among Congress and BJP knits stronger alliances will have the upper hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11321042", "title": "Nayeem bought over Patolla's aide?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite DGP V Dinesh Reddy denying that there is any evidence of the involvement of fugitive gangster Nayeemuddin in the murder of Patolla Govardhan Reddy and in some earlier incidents, sources in the city police claimed that it was indeed Nayeem who was behind Patolla's murder and that the conspiracy was planned meticulously three months prior to the murder was carried out.Highly-placed sources in the city police told TOI that in order to execute the murder, Nayeem had lured away Govardhan's trusted aide Nagesh alias Anil, who was accompanying the former in the auto at the time of his murder. \"Nayeem won over Anil by promising him a prime disputed land in Uppal, besides cash. Ever since Govardhan Reddy came out of jail, Nayeemuddin was waiting for an opportunity to eliminate him and hatched the conspiracy three months ago,'' the sources said.Interestingly, the family members of both Anil and his associates, who executed Govardhan's murder, went 'missing' ever since the incident took place. City police said that Anil was originally a resident of Malakpet but he had shifted to an apartment in Uppal several months ago. When city police teams went in search of Anil's family, they discovered that all of them had vacated the premises and vanished.During investigations, police found that Patolla Govardhan Reddy had been actively involved in the settlement of an 18-acre land in Uppal, and that this might have been the cause of the dispute between him and Anil. Apparently, the land belongs to some members of the Scheduled Caste community but one S Chandra Reddy has been claiming it ownership. But while settling the issue between the two parties, Govardhan entered the scene and, in the process, he ended up transferring two acres of the land in the name of one of his relative.A few persons, including an advocate, approached the people belonging to SC community and offered to settle the issue in return for a share in the property. They promised them that they would take the majority share and leave the rest to the land owners. Meanwhile, the advocate and others approached Govardhan Reddy to settle the issue and promised him some share in the disputed land. While settling the issue, Govardhan was in the process of executing the power of attorney in one of his relative's name when he was murdered,'' sources said.Actually, Govardhan assigned the task of protecting the disputed land to Anil by asking him to deploy nearly 30 to 40 associates, since Anil is the resident of Uppal. But it is learnt that during this time, disputes arose between Govardhan and Anil, which was taken as an advantage by Nayeemuddin. Police suspect that Nayeemuddin had paid Anil a huge sum of money besides promising to make him the owner of the disputed land.However, police said that interrogation of several suspects is going on and the actual accused will be nabbed after the main motive behind the murder comes to light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321182", "title": "Three held for killing peacocks in Sawai Madhopur", "text": "JAIPUR: Three persons were arrested on Saturday on charges of killing nine peacocks in Sawai Madhopur district. The peacocks were found dead in an agricultural land, police said. They had been made to eat grains laced with poison, the favourite way of poachers to kill the national birds in the state.The accused -Ajay Kumar, Anil and Babalu- were caught roaming around suspiciously in a farm land at Rajmara village near Chouth Ka Barwara in the district on Friday evening.When the villagers went to the farm, they found the carcasses of nine peacocks, while two others were found in an unconscious state.\"The post-mortem of the nine peacocks have been conducted and two birds have been rushed to a hospital in Sawai Madhopur district for treatment,\" said a police officer.\"They had been involved in killing peacocks in the past too. We are investigating whether they killed the birds for monetary gains,\" said the officer.Wildlife experts fear that the peacocks may soon be on the verge of extinction. Almost 10 peacocks are being poached every day in some part of the state.Some organizations have recently written to chief minister Ashok Gehlot , requesting him to look into the cases of peacock poaching in the state.People for Animals' Rajasthan in-charge Babulal Jaju says that in the survey conducted by the organization, some districts including Churu, Jhunjhunu, Ajmer, Bharatpur, Bhilwara and Chittorgarh have turned out to be most vulnerable in terms of poaching. Peacocks face maximum threat in three dozen villages in 14 districts of the state.\"It is alarming how poachers are getting away with the killing of the National Bird. As the peacocks are protected under Schedule-I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, it should be hard to get bail for an accused. But due to weak case by the prosecution, most are let off,\" claimed Jaju adding that the conviction rate in the peacock poaching cases is alarmingly low in the state.As per the law, a poacher can get a maximum imprisonment of 7 years and a fine of Rs 50,000 - Rs 5 lakh or both for hunting animals and birds specified on Schedule I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "11322931", "title": "Three youths held for 'misbehaving' with girl", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Armoor police arrested three youths on the charge of misbehaving with a minor girl at the mandal's Kota Armoor village on Saturday.Based on a complaint lodged by the girl, the police arrested Praveen Reddy, senior assistant of the Kota Armoor gram panchayat along with Purushama Venkat Reddy and Vincent.In her complaint, the girl claimed that she had been gangraped by the trio. However, the police have registered a case of misbehaviour under section 354 of the IPC.According to the victim, the three accused had got into an argument with some toddy tapper, in which she and her mother Yedla Chintamani tried to mediate.At this, Vincent dragged her into the nearby bushes and raped her after which the other two accused, too, allegedly took turns in raping her.However, cops have booked only a case of misbehaviour against the three.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322300", "title": "Bhopal partied hard into the year 2012", "text": "BHOPAL: The city of lakes rang in the New Year by partying hard well into dawn. With 30-odd listed parties around the town, people of Bhopal had a rollicking time.With New Year bashes kick-starting as early as 7 pm, there were options galore for the town's party hoppers. Many let their hair down and swayed to hit numbers.Most city hotels like Jehanuma, Lake View Ashoka , The Mark, Amer Greens and Palash Residency regaled the crowd with unlimited drinks and food. Crescent Resort also offered the unlimited fare. Most party places stuck to the tried and tested formula of DJs, live music, fireworks at midnight among others.Not just the city hotels, restaurants like Pind Balluchi, Greek Food and Beyond, Wind and Waves, Ranjit also jazzed up their offerings to include kebab platters, extended multi-course dinners, and complimentary drinks to woo the gourmets.While most bashes were high on spirit, teetotallers of the city were also not disappointed as there were some non-alcoholic dos as well.Noor-Us-Subah, which came to life by local dance group and DJ performance, was one of no-booze affair. The Den at Vardhaman Mall, Windz Cafe at 10 No. market, Wind and Waves and Filfora were no-liquor spots.Osho Frolic Eve, organised by Osho Anhad Commune on Raisen Road, was a unique in many ways. Most party destinations in the city were overflowing with couples before the D Day.While most parties around town would have wrapped up around 2 am in the morning, Eldritch Blues and TDS pub were supposed to party till 5 am and 4 am in the morning respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11321577", "title": "New Year eve party for kids at Civil Hospital\u2019s cancer ward", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was all smiles and happiness at the cancer ward at Civil Hospital, as students of The Calorx School along with Times NIE organized a New Year's eve party for the children. A team of 12 students led by teachers came to celebrate the occasion.The ward was decorated colourfully to make the children feel cheerful and it set the tone for the occasion. Speaking on the occasion, director GCRI Dr Shilin said, \"Such events are happening regularly, and I appreciate Times NIE for this initiative as it gives a feeling of solidarity to the children, that they are not alone in this fight against cancer.\"Manjula Shroff, chairperson Calorx Foundation said, \"New Year is always a great time to do such sensitive things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11322433", "title": "3 infamous cases see no headway in 2011", "text": "KANPUR: Three infamous cases of Kanpur could not be disposed of in the year 2011 and it appears that they would not be decided in next few years as well.The cases are famous Behmai carnage case, Congress MLA Vilayati Ram murder case and glucose death cases.Behmai carnage had occurred in 1981 and 20 persons were assassinated by bandit Phoolan Devi, whose gang had 15 dacoits. She had raided the Behmai village situated on the bank of Yamuna on February 11, 1982, to take revenge of her physical humiliation by thakurs. A total of 17 persons had died on the spot while three others succumbed to their injuries later.The police had filed chargesheets against 16 dacoits in October 1982, and since then, the case is pending in the court. Phoolan Devi, with the help of her political bosses, never appeared in the trial court. In between, her political boss Mulayam Singh tried to withdraw the case on a weak plea of \"in the interest of public\" but same was rejected by the court. The case in lingering since 1982. The case is passing through 'appearance of accused' stage.According to case file, six dacoits including Phoolan Devi have died and four are still absconding.Remaining five are waiting for their trial. The victims of Behmai have now a very bleak hope that they would get justice. In the Congres MLA Vilayati Ram Katyal murder case, the MLA was killed by Punjab terrorists with the help of some local residents on April 8, 1988, to take the revenge of mass killings after the assassination of prime minister Indira Gandhi . According to case, eight persons, armed with sophisticated automatic weapons, had sprayed MLA Vilayati Ram Katyal with bullets at around 8.30 am when he was going to Govind Nagar. Besides Katyal, his gunner had also died in this incident.The police had arrested six of the accused after a hot chase, while two could not be arrested so far. The police had prosecuted the accused under TADA and proceedings were taking place in regular course, but in 1995, the then chief minister, Mulayam Singh, withdrew the TADA charges and case lost its sheen.By that time the prosecution had produced 36 out of 66 witnesses. The prosecution, thereafter, did not take any interest and in 2002, the then district judge, Shailendra Saxena, ordered to consign the file as there was no proceeding in the case since 1995. He also wrote in his order that if prosecution would produce the remaining witnesses, then the case would be reopened. The state government initiated proceedings and the case was reopened in May 2004 and since then, it is again passing through 'appearances of accused' stage. Only two accused appeared and one of them once again jumped the bail. The Glucose case had shocked the city as 45 persons had died between April 11 and 14, 1974 at LLR Hospital due to transfusion of alleged poisonous glucose of a pharmaceutical company.The sealed samples were reported to be containing Phenol 0.03% to 0.05% which is injurious for health. The Swarupnagar police, on that report, had registered a case against four directors of Beejay Pharma - B K Seth, J K Chopra, Gargi Chopra, A K Sheel and N D Dubey under section 302, 307, 120 B IPC and 27 Drug and Cosmetic Act. Special judge V K Kulshrestha framed charges against the directors on April 19, 1986.The case was close to get decided in year 2008, but the then ADJ found that there were two stay orders on the case which were not vacated. To get confirmation from high court whether those stay orders were still in force, he wrote to the high court .The high court informed about one stay order that it was vacated but kept mum on the other and since then, the case is pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "green, the colour of eco-consciousness. white, symbolizing global peace. red to emphasize love and passion. and snow, hollywood and christmas. the themes at the parties to usher 2012 in the city were many, but the mood was one", "code": "11321861", "title": "Themes many, but one mood", "text": "Green, the colour of eco-consciousness. White, symbolizing global peace. Red to emphasize love and passion. And snow, Hollywood and Christmas. The themes at the parties to usher 2012 in the city were many, but the mood was one: of celebration. Snow, artificial though, fell on the dance floor at a hotel on Kumara Krupa Road. An igloo completed the picture. \"It is a typically foggy New Year beginning for some 400 party animals in our hotel. The chill in the air has added to our party fervour,\" said manager Nagaraj.In one five-star hotel, partygoers walked in like movie stars. The hotel itself had a makeover of a studio. There were posters of movie stars all over the place. Hospitality staff, too, had switched over to black blazers instead of an all-white apparel, including aprons and headgear.Corporates, too, played along happily. A software company got its employees to don green - or 'organic' - clothes at its party hall.With the mood in the air against drunken driving, some dance floors arranged for dropping the party animals at their doorstep. \"We co-ordinated with travel agencies to drop some of our customers as they didn't want to drive drunk,\" said an event manager in Koramangala. Susheel R chose to celebrate the dawn of New Year at Zuri, near Whitefield. \"It was fun to shake a leg with international dancers. This party with my girlfriend will be my best ever,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11323120", "title": "All-rounder ? I don't believe in tags, know my limitations", "text": "How do you handle your rise to stardom?I know my limitations and work according to that. I understood early on that the kind of action that I have, doosra (an important weapon in an offspinner's repertoire) will be difficult to acquire. So I started working on other variations and that paid dividends.You were the first in India to bowl the carrom ball (made popular by Sri Lanka's Ajantha Mendis ) and that accounted for a number of West Indian batsmen in your debut series.Carrom ball is still work in progress. I look at it more as a variation and prefer using it in the shorter versions. My stock ball is the offspinner .When did you learn that cricket is a mind game?Pretty early on. In South Aftrica, Chennai Super Kings skipper Dhoni asked me to bowl the Super Over in a Champions Trophy game. I got thrashed and CSK lost the game. I took it as a one-off game... There will be good days and bad days. I worked hard and things turned around in the next few games.During the World Cup, your big chance came against Australia only in the quarterfinal and you removed Shane Watson to put India on course.It was a challenge for me, bowling at the Powerplay and the wicket of Watson did give me a lot of satisfaction .You came up trumps with a Man of the Match performance in your Test debut against the Windies and followed it up with a century in the third Test. Have India got the all-rounder they were waiting for so long?I do not believe in tags. I work very hard on my batting and it felt good to get my first century. But I still have some way to go. My job is to keep one end tight and chip in with wickets. The bounce on these (Australian) tracks should help my style of bowling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11321336", "title": "Traffic violation on the rise in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: Traffic violators are helping increase the revenue of government through fines and penalties. In comparison to last year, this year the regional traffic office (RTO) has collected around Rs 4 crore more through fine, indicating increase in traffic violation cases. The Amravati RTO deposited Rs 3.98 crore more money in the state coffer recently.\"We recovered Rs 27.40 crore from April to November, 2011, while last year during same period we had recovered Rs 23.42 crore,\" informed BG Khandagale, deputy RTO, Amravati, while addressing a press conference on Saturday about road safety week programme organized by department.Khandagale said that the RTO plans to take up several traffic drives from January 1 to 7. Under the drive, the RTO will conduct various awareness programmes to check drunk driving, overspeeding, wearing helmet etc. The department also plans to conduct various programmes including essay and drawing competitions for school children.\"The number of accident cases are increasing day by day and youngsters are found involved in rash driving. Hence it is important to educate the youngsters. Just imposing fine will not solve the issue. Creating awareness coupled with imposing fines will be the right way to tackle such issues,\" Khandagale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322252", "title": "Wait for railway over-bridge work gets longer", "text": "BHOPAL: It will take another month for the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) to begin construction of the rail over-bridge at the Habibganj under bridge in Bhopal despite release of work orders two months ago, BMC sources said.Construction work of the much-awaited railway over-bridge (ROB) has not yet begun as the BMC says it awaits clearance for diversion route from the traffic police. The traffic police say that it has already cleared the same long back.The BMC needs to divert road leading towards Ganesh Temple from Habibganj under-bridge and it may remain out of bounds for commuters till the construction is completed, sources added.\"The BMC has given a proposal to the traffic police as regards change of routes, which is yet to be accepted,\" Mayor Krishna Gaur said. She also told TOI that \"It will take some time for us to start the construction work as the route has to be blocked for a year.\"On the other hand, the traffic police claim to have approved the proposal long ago. \"We have approved this proposal long ago,\" Monika Shukla, Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP) Traffic, said.Once the construction of the ROB is completed, it will facilitate the smooth flow of traffic on this busy road junction.The trumpet-shaped bridge is 24 m long and 990 m long. The bridge is to be completed in two years at an estimated cost of Rs 38.62 crore. The ROB is constructed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) to complete the 24-km long Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor in Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320557", "title": "Police to get latest security equipment", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of their efforts towards having a high-tech police force in 2012, Delhi Police have decided to equip themselves with modern devices. As another step in upgrading their resources, the police have now ordered for 'Under Vehicle Video Systems' for enhanced security, which will be used in high-security areas to scan beneath vehicles.A tender for 35 such systems have been floated, which sources say will pave the way in phasing out traditional hand-held reflectors which are currently used to look under vehicles, especially in the capital's high security zones.Sources said that traditionally-used reflectors are easily affected by external light. As they only rely on the human eye for detection they often fail to detect dangerous objects, sources said. Under Vehicle Video Systems' however, in addition to providing enhanced security will also help to maintain a record of vehicles passing through a particular entrance.The video system will use Digital Signal Processor and Recorder with zoom in and out features which works in the day as well as the night. The systems will work for both light motor vehicles and heavy motor vehicles. The police will also organize a user operational training programme after the supply is received to train up to around twenty personnel who will, in turn, train individual operators, said sources. As per experts, these machines can inspect every kind of vehicles fast and clearly. Equipped with a typical photo-source, the images can not be affected easily by external light. A separate LCD video system makes the operation more flexible, so that it requires just one staff to detect arms, and other dangerous and illegal objects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11321180", "title": "ZP to grant Rs 1.1 lakh each for wells in 556 gram panchayats", "text": "GONDIA: The Gondia zilla parishad, in a first of its kind project in Maharashtra, has decided to give Rs 1.1 lakh each for 10 irrigation wells to be allotted to 556 gram panchayats each, informed ZP president Netram Katrte on Friday.In Gondia district, paddy plantation is done in over two lakh hectares of land of which over 50% of cultivation depends on favourable monsoon. The kharip crop usually suffers due to meagre rainfall. This novel project has been put in place to ensure sufficient water supply.Katre added that this project was discussed by the ZP and panchayat samiti members on December 23. \"The meeting pushed for conducting a sector-wise survey by experts before allotting the wells,\" he said. The cultivator should hold 1 to 10 acres of land to avail Rs 1.1 lakh subsidy.Special workshop for interested farmers has been organized to explain the details of the scheme which will be inaugurated from January 3, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11322859", "title": "Docs call off strike, panel to look into demands", "text": "JAIPUR: The New Year began on a positive note with the agitating doctors calling off their 11-day long strike. The government agreed to set up a five-member committee of ministers to look into the demands of the doctors after holding talks with the agitators late in the night. It has also agreed to revoke all disciplinary actions and withdraw cases filed against the doctors during the strike. The government also lifted RESMA and ordered the release of the remaining jailed doctors.\"We trust the chief minister and the sub-ministerial committee, which will look into our demands. After holding talks with the government, we have called off the agitation. All in-service doctors in the state will resume work from Sunday ,'' said Dr Nasrin Bharti, general secretary , All Rajasthan In-Service Doctors' Association.The deadlock over a formal dialogue between the two sides ended on Saturday evening with the government agreeing to lift the Rajasthan Essential Services Maintenance Act (RESMA) and release the 70 arrested doctors unconditionally.An announcement in this regard was made after the chief minister presided over a high-level review meeting, which was attended by senior bureaucrats along with ministers including A A Khan, Virendra Beniwal and Dr Rajkumar Sharma . More than 500 doctors were arrested during the strike. Most of them are already out on bail.Virendra Beniwal part of new panelJAIPUR: Dr Karan Singh, vice-chairman of the 20-Point Programme, was also present . After meeting the minister, the doctors continued with their internal meeting at his residence.On Thursday, a delegation of doctors had met Jitendra Singh and demanded that the state government lift the RESMA and look into their demands. The energy minister is part of the sub-ministerial committee, which is looking into the demands of the doctors and includes health minister A A Khan and industry minister Rajendra Pareek. The new committee announced on Saturday includes these three and minister of state for home Virendra Beniwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11322494", "title": "It was time to paint the town red", "text": "INDORE: Inhibitions took a backseat as Indoreans came out in happily noisy droves to welcome the New Year. Overcrowded hotels, restaurants and dhabas of the city choked with revellers. Partying citizens stayed out late and honking cars and bikes thronged city roads to the hotels and resorts, most of them offering patrons an evening of high spirits.As the clock struck 12, firecrackers lit up the sky and people hugged and shook hands with each other. After midnight, the celebrations that had been confined to homes, pubs and clubs, poured out onto the streets. Roads were choked with traffic snarls and people honked continuously to welcome the New Year.Aparna Modi, one of the party hoppers said, \"It's time to forget the past and begin life afresh. I hope the New Year will be full of pleasant surprises for me.\"As spirited souls took over the roads, those spiritually inclined stood in prayer before temples which offered special midnight poojas. Hawkers selling colourful balloons and toys added colour to the mood near these places of worship. Youngsters on two-wheelers and cars parked their vehicles by the side of the roads and wished other motorists.Earlier, party animals mostly headed towards Vijay Nagar and Bypass area, where most of the hotels and farmhouses are located. Those cash-strapped or celebrating at home queued up at city's famous eating joints of the city spread almost everywhere in the city.There was unprecedented rush on city roads which remained busy till wee hours. Vikrant Sharma, who was seen celebrating with his group of friends said, \"There is nothing better to celebrate the day than with buddies. We all have planned to meet up at 56 Dukan area and celebrate night at our flat.\"Thanks to the presence of police personnel and their liberal attitude this New Year's eve, the celebrations went on without any eventualities. Police personnel remained vigilant in all the sensitive areas of city to avoid any mishap. More than 2000 policemen were deployed at several places. Even hotels and resorts where party lasted till late night had foolproof security to ensure a peaceful beginning to the new year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11320503", "title": "Khot may join Congress tomorrow", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) Canacona MLA Vijay Pai Khot is likely to join the Congress party on Monday. Khot is expected to resign as member of legislative assembly on Monday, following which he will join the Congress, said sources. He will be the third BJP MLA to switch sides.Few months ago, two BJP MLAs, Rajesh Patnekar (Bicholim) and Dayanand Sopte (Pernem), left the party and joined the Congress.Sources said the Khot's entry into the Congress was 'delayed' due to 'opposition' from education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate, who has been supporting the candidature of Isidore Fernandes for the Canacona seat.However, sources in the Congress have said that the high command has given the nod to Khot.Khot joined the BJP in 1999; lost in the 2000 polls, but won the Canacona constituency seat in 2002 and 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11322786", "title": "Fear &amp; frenzy on Park Street", "text": "KOLKATA: 2011 ended with a bang on Park Street.At 3.15pm on New Year's Eve, the tragedy-scalded Stephen Court made the celebration hub and the rest of the city jump with shock when a fire extinguisher exploded at a popular eatery in the building's ground floor and shattered the afternoon lull just before revelry hours. For a few minutes, memories of the fire in March 2010 that claimed 43 lives were rekindled as diners came rushing out of One Step Up and smoke from the kitchen alarmed Stephen Court residents. But once a clear picture emerged a few minutes later - no major damage, no diners hurt, three kitchen staff bruised and one with splinter injuries - nerves were calmed and Park Street quietly slipped back into celebration mode.A couple of hours or so later, the party had begun. The eatery was shut down, but the pavements brimmed over with revellers in their best party wear, with the missing chill helping the ladies turn on the oomph. Tight security and good traffic management ensured the rest of the evening passed off without incident, with the action shifting to the pubs, bars and discos. The mood was accentuated by the lights that lit up Park Street that made it resemble, in a reveller's words, \"Rio on a carnival night\" .\"We have contingency plans in place in case something goes wrong. Our idea is to keep traffic moving smoothly along Park Street,\" said an officer on the Park Street-Free School Street crossing. \"This will be possible if we can prevent the crowds from spilling out on to the street. There is enough space on the pavements for people to enjoy.\"To prevent chaos, vehicles were not allowed on Park Street. \"The arrangements look quite good this year. We had to walk as the police wouldn't allow our car to stop for too long but that was alright. It feels very nice to walk along Park Street today,\" said Sunaina Ray, a resident of Lake Gardens.Blast injures four at Park Street eateryKOLKATA: A hand-held fire extinguisher kept at the mezzanine-floor kitchen of One Step Up, an eatery at Stephen Court, exploded on Saturday, injuring four restaurant employees.\"Diners rushed out scared and said they had heard an explosion and seen a fire on the mezzanine floor,\" said a police officer, who was at the adjacent crossing. Within seconds, fire brigade was informed and senior police officers rushed in. \"It was a huge bang. Soon we found smoke coming out from the kitchen . We ran down,\" said Madhukar Aatra , a youth who came with his friends.By then policemen from Shakespeare Sarani and some locals got up into the mezzanine floor and found the injured employees. They claimed that a fire extinguisher hung on the kitchen wall suddenly went off with a huge thud, injuring them.Brendon Taylor, the manager of the restaurant was then present. He told police that around 20 customers were on the mezzanine floor and none of them were hurt. The horrific memory of Stephen Court where fire claimed 43 lives in 2010, panicked police and other emergency services. Sushmita Bhattacharya , local councilor and MMiC Debasis Koomar rushed to the spot. \"They divided the ground floor of the Stephen court and made two storey accommodation . But I have to check it's legal sanction ,\" said Bhattacharya.Four Kitchen employees who were injured were identified as Deepak Das, 20, Bishnu Das, 20, J M Moris and Rohit Banik, 27, were taken to SSKM Hospital.Police have seized the exploded cylinder and other cylinders to check the validity of the equipment. The restaurant has been closed. \"A case has been registered,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11322321", "title": "Saryu Rai blames state govt for poor roads", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A day after chief minister Arjun Munda squarely blamed the Union government for the pathetic condition of the national highways (NHs) in the state, senior BJP leader Saryu Rai on Saturday held the state government equally responsible for the poor condition.In protest against the ineffective approach of the incumbent government vis-A -vis building pressure on the central government for taking up the proposed four lane construction work speedily on NH-33, Rai sat on a dharna at Dimna chowk on the NH-33.\"If there is a delay on part of the NH agency (in carrying out the construction work) then at least the state government should carry out temporary repairing of the highway. What is stopping the local government from its part?\" said Rai.He said the stretch between Chandil and Dimna on the NH-33 is pitiable and deserves immediate attention but concerned agencies of the state government are apparently insensitive to the issue.\"For the last several months I have only been receiving assurances from the senior authorities (of state road construction dept) but there's no progress on the ground as far as NH construction is concerned,\" said Rai.\"I fear the NH four-lane work will not start in next few months,\" said Rai, calling for the state government's attention in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "paul ohia abuja", "code": "11324509", "title": "52 killed in ethnic clashes in Nigeria", "text": "PAUL OHIA ABUJA: At least 52 people, including women and children, have been killed in clashes between two rival ethnic communities in southeastern Ebonyi state of Nigeria, as President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in parts of the country hit by a violent Islamist insurgency.A spokesman for Ebonyi state government said the clashes erupted between the Ezza and Ezillo people of Ishielu district, the two groups that are often in conflict, yesterday.Local media said that 52 two people, including women and children, were killed in the resurgence of the Ezza/Ezillo inter-communal strife in Ebonyi that had reared its head in 2008 and was contained in 2010.It said a divisional police officer, children and women were among those killed.Governor Martin Elechi visited the region along with state Commissioner of Police Adeniji Adeleke.The Governor urged the villagers to remain calm, promising that the government would use every means to trace the perpetrators of the heinous crime.In another development, Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in regions bedevilled by attacks carried out by radical Muslim sect Boko Haram and ordered all land and sea borders closed in most of the affected areas.During a nationwide broadcast, he declared a state of emergency in parts of Borno, Yobe, Plateau and Niger states.He said the chief of defence staff and the inspector general of the police force would take necessary actions concerning the affected areas and announced setting up of a counter-terror group within the armed forces to handle the issues of terrorism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321464", "title": "Guerinica organizes eye donation campaign", "text": "GUWAHATI: The members of Guerinica, a city-based theatre and cultural group participated in a press conference on Saturday with their eyes blindfolded to generate support for their mass eye donation campaign set to commence from January 1 at the memorial site of Bhupen Hazarika in Gauhati University.The group, known for its unconventional approach in staging plays with social relevance said the mass campaign is aimed at generating awareness and educating the public about the misconception surrounding eye donation especially the superstitious lot who have qualms about organ donation.A few blindfolded members, victims of acute eye illness participated to bring forth the sufferings faced by their counterparts. The mass eye campaign is expected to be attended by people who have signed for eye donation. Apart from creating awareness through its campaign, the group will be involved in garnering support from the people to remove the tag of superstition attached to organ donation.\"We, at Guerinica, wanted to celebrate New Year in a unique way by working for the blind people. We want them to celebrate the day with the hope that there is a possibility for them to be able to see in the future. Eye donation is a noble activity and through this many people can be helped. It is a unique rendition through which people from across all communities, religions, caste, creed and sex can benefit,\" said Himangshu Prasad Das, director of Guerinica.\"The theme of the mass campaign will be in tune with Bhupen Hazarika's immortal song 'manu he manohorbe' which speaks about the humane duty of helping one another in our society. We have taken this initiative independently without any help from the government or any private enterprise. We won't be forcing anyone, and it is open for anyone who wishes to participate,\" added Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "11322621", "title": "Maldives shuts down spas after Islamist protests", "text": "COLOMBO: The Maldives has ordered hundreds of luxury hotels to close their spas after protests by an Islamist party which claimed they were a front for prostitution. The move is feared to hit the Islamic country's $1.5 billion tourist economy, which accounts for 30% of its GDP.Celebrities and honeymooners who flock to the 1,192 tiny coral islands are ready to spend as much as $1,000- $12,000 a night at hideaway resorts, while one spa session could cost around $600. The opposition Adhaalath party, a socially conservative movement, staged protests in capital Male last week, accusing the spas of being used as brothels.\"The government has decided to close massage parlours and spas in the Maldives , following an opposition-led religious protest last week calling for their closure,\" president Mohamed Nasheed's office said in a statement. \"Ironically, the same opposition leaders are some of the country's biggest resort owners.\"Former president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom's opposition coalition Progressive Party of Maldives said the government was targeting leisure business owned by some opposition members. \"We wanted the liquor and massage clinics banned in inhabited islands to prevent prostitution. Nasheed is misusing the demands to take revenge by imposing the ban on resorts owned by the on oppositionmembers,\" the party's spokesman Ahamed Mahloof said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11322056", "title": "Rent-free shops divide Thrissur Corporation", "text": "THRISSUR: Call it carelessness or poor governance. Thrissur Corporation has lost Rs 6.5 lakh over the past 17 months because the civic body has not fixed the rent for its building at Ollur market.The building with 14 shops was inaugurated in July, 2010 when Left parties ruled the corporation. Traders rehabilitated from the old market were given thirteen rooms and they haven't paid any rent till date. The corporation spent Rs 18 lakh on the building whose 12 rooms span an area of 128 sq ft each and the last two taking up 240 sq ft.Though finance standing committee had fixed the rate at Rs 23/sq ft last November, the council adjourned meetings without ratifying the matter.\"If council meeting had agreed on the rate, the corporation would have collected at least Rs 6.5 lakh. It is embarrassing to see them cry foul over fund shortage whenever any development programme is discussed while they fail to do their duty,\" said opposition member advocate MP Sreenivasan. But the corporation has another viewpoint when they say rent cannot be levied before the completion of the project.A ruling party councillor said \"If we inspect our plans, 10 more rooms are still to be constructed at the market. The LDF-led members held the inaugural function without even completing their project. Technically we cannot collect any rent, as the second phase is yet to start.\"At the same time, councillor kept silent to query about the beginning of the second phase of the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11321484", "title": "Silchar sit-in against dams", "text": "SILCHAR: A number of social organizations on Saturday staged a one-day sit-in demonstration in front of the Cachar deputy commissioner's office demanding the proposal to construct the 1500 MW Tipaimukh hydro-electricity project on Barak River be scrapped. They also wanted scrapping of other mega dam projects in the region including the 2500 MW Lower Subanshiri hydro electricity project near the Assam-Arunachal border.The NGOs, including Committee on People and Environment (COPE), Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), All Assam Manipuri Students Union (AAMSU) and Barak Valley Human Rights Protection Committee (BVHRPC) also sent a memorandum to the Prime Minister through the DC urging him to take necessary steps to scrap the big dam projects keeping in mind their adverse impact on environment and human life.\"The dams have been planned at the confluence of Indo-Burma, Indo-Malayan and Indo-Chinese biodiversity hotspot zones. These areas are characterized by the presence of a large number plant and animal species, many of which are not seen or in rest of the world. Some of the species are endangered and threatened. The dams would push them to extinction,\" the memorandum said.The NGOs also said that many of the tribals, including Hmar, Naga, Kuki, Manipuri and others, who have been living here for generations, will be uprooted if the dams are constructed, they added.The memorandum also mentioned that the proposed 500-metre-long and 181-metre-high Tipaimukh dam at the earthquake zone-V will cause harm to all the downstream areas.Moreover, a few other dams, either constructed or under construction on Rukhni, Sonai, Dhaleswari and Singla rivers in Mizoram have also had adverse effect on both people and environment in Mizoram and the downstream Barak Valley, the NGOs added. The organizations urged upon the Prime Minister to consider the matter seriously for the sake of the people of the Barak-Bramhaputra-Surma basin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320445", "title": "Rain possible, fog likely, warm days to continue", "text": "NEW DELHI: The year promised to start on a pleasant though cloudy note for Delhi. Met officials said January 1 could also experience a drizzle in the morning, although temperatures were likely to remain on the higher side.Saturday morning also witnessed dense fog though the situation at the airport was not as critical as it had been on Friday. The day was also unusually warm with the maximum temperature touching 23.3 degrees Celsius - three degrees above normal.\"Cyclone Thane has started weakening after it hit the Tamil Nadu coast. After bringing rain over Madhya Pradesh and adjoining areas, it is likely to move towards Orissa. However, the moisture that it has left behind in the atmosphere is expected to bring some fog. The warm weather will also continue since warm easterly winds are blowing over Delhi now,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.In fact, with the cyclone passing and a western disturbance expected around January 4, the Met department was slightly wary of making predictions on fog. Officials said January 2 may be foggy if it rains on Sunday. \"Sunday should have CAT-I to CAT-II fog on the new runway while the main runway should be clear,\" added Jenamani. Fog in the middle of the week would depend on wind conditions brought on by the western disturbance.Saturday's minimum touched 6.8 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal. Humidity levels ranged between 50% and 100%. Palam recorded a minimum of 7.5 degrees while northern Ridge was the warmest at 9.2 degrees Celsius. Noida touched a minimum of 10.1 degrees Celsius while Gurgaon remained chilly at 4 degrees Celsius.This winter, Delhi airport has witnessed 51 hours of CAT-III conditions, which is visibility below 350 m. These low visibility conditions were spread over seven days starting from the third week of November. Strangely, while the new runway remained unavailable for operations for a large part of the dense fog period, the main runway saw operations carry on without a hitch, with the exception of December 30.\"The main runway saw CAT-III dense fog over three days while the new runway was affected over seven days. The main runway accounted for only about 30% of the 51 hours of very dense fog,\" said Jenamani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11321899", "title": "Heady or sober, it was fun", "text": "There couldn't have been a better start to the weekend. High on life, GenY crowded pubs and discotheques on Church Street, MG Road and UB City to welcome the New Year in style.Neither was traffic and parking restrictions a dampener nor the sea of policemen a deterrent for those out to celebrate. Post dinner, the ranks of pub-crawling revellers continued to swell by the hour.Being boisterously cheerful did not mean all were high on alcohol. \"We are not drinking because we have to reach home safe,\" said Sambhav Jain, an engineering student.While girls were dressed to kill, a group of trusted pals or family was in tow. \"My cousin and myself have come here with my aunt. Our parents did not allow us to go out with boys because they wanted to avoid any unpleasant incidents. We will go back after dinner and usher New Year at home,\" said Prakruti Rao, who was at UB City.Though some boys from St Joseph's College wanted to celebrate the New Year in their campus, they had to dump the idea as many students had gone on leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11321131", "title": "\u2018The 4.5% OBC reservation will harm Muslims\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Unlike some of our Oxbridge-educated parliamentarians, Shabbir Ansari never went to university. His knowledge of English is abysmally low and his background modest -this farmer's son lives in a tin-roofed house in Jalna, a small town in Maharashtra.Yet, if there ever were to be a fair debate on reservation for Muslim Other Backward Classes (OBC) between our legislators and Ansari, the latter would win hands down.Unknown to the TV channels which invited pundits and politicos to their studios last week after the Centre created 4.5% reservation for minorities within the 27% OBC job quota, Ansari knows the dynamics of reservation like the back of his hand. He is thus contemptuous of the response of some Muslim leaders who hailed the government's decision as \"historic and positive\", calling them \"ignoramuses\".\"They don't know what harm this loaf carved out of the existing 27% OBC quota will do to our society,\" says the 65-year-old founder-president of the All-India Muslim OBC Organisation.\"Besides pitting minority OBCs against Hindu OBCs, the educationally and socially weak Muslim OBCs will not be able to compete with Sikh and Christian OBCs in the race to grab jobs and admissions. The advantage of being part of the general OBCs is that you remain invisible and get some benefits. But here, the competition will be tougher as the share has reduced.\"Ansari has championed the cause of reservations for Muslim OBCs for the last 35 years. Much before December 7, 1994, when the then Maharashtra CM Sharad Pawar implemented the Mandal Commission recommendations granting reservation to the backward classes irrespective of religion, Ansari had been fighting a long battle against the detractors within.Islam supremacists who claim that Islam is \"egalitarian\" would accuse Ansari of creating divisions where none existed. Undeterred, he trekked across villages in Maharashtra and mobilised the masses to be recognised as OBCs on the basis of their occupation-qureishis (butchers), julahas (weavers), nais (barbers), raeens (vegetable growers), telis (oil pressers) and malis (gardeners). Recognition as an OBC was the first step to getting included in the quota.Ansari faced his first hurdles from the members of Jamaat-e-Islami, a hardcore organisation which dreams of a day when Islamic governance will rule the world. \"Why are you begging before the government for concessions when Allah is the sole provider?\" asked a Jamaat member at a debate.Ansari retorted: \"When your Jamaat was banned during the Emergency, you approached the Supreme Court for relief. Why didn't you knock at Allah's doors instead? I am demanding what the Constitution has already granted.\" The Jamaat members left the meeting midway. Interestingly, some of his critics, recalls Ansari, later put their children into medical and engineering courses through the OBC quota route.Ansari's baiters didn't comprise only upper-caste Muslims who refused to acknowledge the existence of ashraaf (superior) and ajlaaf (inferior) among them. Many backward Muslims too opposed him. \"A butcher in Kolhapur almost stabbed me because I said the qureishis deserved a job quota since they were socially and educationally backward because of their profession,\" he recalls.After Pawar bowed to the movement Ansari had led, the latter got down to making the process of recognition of OBCs simpler. In a decade or so, he got 57 resolutions passed by the government, all related to how to simplify the certification of OBCs. His commitment to the cause earned him respect from the political class. However, unlike many fellow travellers who succumbed to inducements like a Rajya Sabha nomination and loads of money, Ansari remained a selfless champion of the cause he had learnt under the tutelage of socialists like Ram Manohar Lohia and Karpoori Thakur .When Vilasrao Deshmukh , in his first stint as CM, authorised Ansari to recommend Muslim OBC certificates to those he deemed fit, a Muslim minister in Deshmukh's cabinet opposed it. \"Who will come to us if you give this power to someone who isn't even a member of the legislature?\" he asked. \"Shabbir has never asked for anything for himself. I'll give him your ministry and you the authority to recommend. Will you accept it?\" riposted the CM. The minister never raised this question again.Given his prolonged struggle, Ansari should have been happy at the government's decision last week to grant 4.5% reservation to the minorities, of whom Muslims constitute the majority. But he sees it as a setback to his movement.\"I would have been glad if the government had at least partially implemented the Rangnath Mishra Commission report which recommends 15% reservation for minorities, out of which 10% is for Muslims,\" he says.So what does he foresee? \"The decision will be challenged in the Supreme Court,\" he says, adding, \"and the country might be pushed into a reservation-ignited cauldron like the anti-Mandal agitation of the 1990s.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322830", "title": "Things better, but we\u2019ve got to keep eyes open, powder dry", "text": "Though the year gone by was relatively peaceful for India, the security environment in India's regional neighbourhood has been steadily deteriorating. The greatest causes of regional instability are the strident march of Islamist fundamentalism across the Af-Pak border and the unresolved conflict in Afghanistan. The unstable security situation in Afghanistan continues to be worrisome. The US-led NATO-ISAF troops will soon begin their planned withdrawal even though the Afghan National Security Forces (ANSF) are as yet incapable of taking over independent charge of security, particularly in the districts which are strongholds of the Taliban. The ANSF are too few in number - only 200,000 army and police personnel have been trained so far. They are inadequately trained and ill-equipped and lack the standards of junior leadership that are critical for success in intense counter-insurgency operations.Since the elimination of Osama bin Laden, the precarious relationship between the Pakistan army and the ISI and their US counterparts - ostensibly major allies in the war against terrorism - has weakened further. The killing of 24 Pakistani soldiers during the bombardment of a border post by NATO-ISAF aircraft in November outraged Pakistan and led to the decision to stop the flow of logistics convoys through Quetta and Peshawar, deny base facilities at Shamsi and demand re-negotiation of the rules of engagement. The worst fallout has been the politico-military standoff within Pakistan that threatens the continuation in office of the fledgling civilian government.Marked reduction in the levels of infiltration across the LoC into Kashmir over the last few years and the fact that no major terrorist strike has been initiated by ISI-backed organisations like the LeT and JeM since 26/11, convinced India to resume the stalled rapprochement process. However, the two armies continue to face off eyeball-to-eyeball on the LoC and at the Saltoro Ridge west of Siachen Glacier and a small incident could bring the informal cease-fire to an abrupt end. Toning down of the anti-India rhetoric and terrorist strikes is a tactical ploy to tide over internal difficulties, rather than a long-term change in the military strategy designed to bleed India with a thousand cuts. The Chinese have been aggressively opposing even a non-military Indian presence aimed at prospecting for oil and gas in the South China Sea while themselves seeking naval bases in the Indian Ocean. Chinese scholars have expressed strong reservations against India's quest to reach out strategically to democracies in East Asia. They have denounced multilateral (Australia, India, Japan and US) naval exercises aimed at enhancing maritime cooperation in the Asia Pacific and the Indian Ocean as being aimed at the strategic encirclement of China.The Chinese abruptly postponed the 15th round of boundary talks between the special representatives in November 2011 as India refused to relent on the Dalai Lama's participation in a private conference on Buddhism. Chinese diplomatic, political and military assertiveness at the tactical level is likely to continue into 2012 and beyond. However, at the strategic level the relationship will remain stable.The government of Sheikh Hasina in Bangladesh has reversed decades old anti-India policies and has begun to cooperate with India in rooting out insurgent groups operating against from its soil. The resolution of the boundary dispute is now being addressed in a friendly manner. Iran's continuing quest to obtain nuclear weapons may lead to a standoff with the US in the Strait of Hormuz if Iran blocks the flow of oil. India's relations with Myanmar's relatively more open Thein Sein regime have been improving steadily, resulting in better security cooperation. However, the Myanmarese government is struggling to bring the Kachin, Karen and Shan insurgencies under control.Despite many extensions in the deadline, Nepal has failed to frame a new constitution or find an amicable solution to the integration of former Maoist cadres in the army. With the increasingly pervasive Chinese presence in Nepal, resentment against India is growing. Even though the Sri Lankan government has made little effort to successfully address the decades old aspiration of the Tamil people for 'eelam' , the country has remained free of violent conflict.The internal security situation in India has shown significant improvement. The army and other security forces have gained ascendancy in Kashmir and the number of incidents of violence has declined sharply. Insurgencies in northeast India have begun to recede and negotiations to resolve the crises are making progress. The areas worst affected by Naxalite or left wing extremism have been fairly quiet and the central police organisations are gradually gaining ground.Concerted political, diplomatic and military efforts must continue to resolve outstanding disputes and better manage the manifold threats and challenges to national security. The armed forces and the central police and para-military forces must keep their eyes open and their powder dry.The writer is director, Centre for Land Warfare Studies, New Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320770", "title": "Cummins college chowk to get flyover", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration has proposed a flyover from the Cummins college chowk to Universal Company chowk on Karve Road.In a proposal tabled before the standing committee, the civic administration has said that the tenders were floated asking to bid for the construction of the flyover and the lowest bid submitted to the PMC is of Rs 41.37 crore. The PMC has got Rs 45 crore for the proposal, which will come up for discussion on Tuesday.The administration thinks the flyover is a must because of the ever-increasing traffic and multiple roads criss-crossing the main road. The civic administration has also tabled a proposal to build vegetable markets at Rasta Peth and Yerawada.Meanwhile, the standing committee is likely to take major decisions in the Tuesday meeting since the election code of conduct is likely to be imposed by the state election commission in the first week of January. \"There are many pending proposals and all party corporators want their proposals approved. Many budgetary works are still pending and once the election code of conduct is imposed these works will get stuck,\" said a civic officer.The approval of tenders in PMC has gained momentum since last few weeks after the Bombay high court dismissed BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari's petition challenging the ward formation by the state election commission (SEC), thus paving the way for timely civic elections scheduled in February 2012. Mathkari had filed a petition in the HC challenging the formation of municipal wards for the polls saying that legal procedure was not followed by the SEC.The civic elections are likely to be held in the first or second week of February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320771", "title": "Mumbai marathon: Sir Robert Swan confirms participation", "text": "MUMBAI: The man who set his foot on South and North poles will now run at Mumbai Marathon on January 15, 2012.Campaigning for the conservation of tigers, Sir Robert Swan (55) will participate in the 21-km half-marathon. Till Saturday, his organizers were not sure about his pre-marathon practice regime.His visit to India does not end at the marathon; the advocate for the conservation of environment, Antarctica, and use of renewable energy elaborated in an e-mail: \"I will be undertaking a talk to promote what we are doing in India.\"Besides the cleaning up of the Ganga, Swan and his team have been striving to spread the message of using renewable energy. Swan's talk, organized by the Vasant J Sheth Memorial Foundation, will be held on January 12 at the IMC in Churchgate at 7pm. It will be open to the public.His IMC talks will coincide with the 25th anniversary of his South Pole \"conquest\". His journey to the Pole began on November 3, 1984. After reaching Antartica, Swan and two colleagues walked 900 miles for 70 days before they reached their destination on January 11, 1986. Three years later, on May 14, 1989, he walked into the North Pole.The orgnaization also works towards saving energy and using renewable energy. In this connection, Swan has been organizing a journey on a yacht , known as the Voyage For Clean Energy (VCE).He told TOI that the VCE programme in India was completed in November, with his visit to Gomukh in the Himalayas; there they set up an E-base (education base) at the Pench tiger reserve in UP.From this base, messages about renewable energy will be sent out. \"I have spoken to thousands of young people all over India with a simple message: Use renewable energy and engage on the protection of the environment,\" he said.After Antartica, Pench houses the only other E-base in the world. \"As you would imagine, getting the E-base set up in UP has been a major task... In March, we will make communications from the base in Antarctica to the one in India.Both the E-bases are run on renewable energy. The message, which will be transmitted from the E-base at Pench, will be 'save the tiger, you will save the forest and you will save water',\" Swan wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321259", "title": "Airport fire triggers panic at upcoming terminal", "text": "KOLKATA: Stray sparks from welding work ignited a fire at the modernization project site at the airport on Saturday afternoon. The fire in the air-handling unit room was initially controlled by construction workers at the site and then extinguished by firemen from the dedicated fire station at the airport. Though no one was injured in the incident, the fire triggered panic and also hampered work at the construction site that is already running behind schedule.Incidentally, the incident happened when project work was going on without the supervision by Airports Authority of India (AAI) engineers who are observing a work-to-rule agitation.According to airport officials, the fire broke out around 2.30pm after sparks from welding work fell on packaging material. Air traffic controllers noticed plume of smoke rising from the construction area and alerted the fire station while some of the 2,500-odd workers present at the site tried to control the flame with portable fire extinguishers.By the time the first fire engine arrived in 10-12 minutes, the fire was believed to have been doused. But smoldering embers reignited the flame, leading to a fresh fire that was finally extinguished by firemen.It was only around 3.30pm that an all-clear signal was given. But black smoke continued to billow out of the building, causing panic among workers and hampering progress of the project. According to officials, at least four hours were lost due to the incident. Ironically, construction of the terminal was originally slated to be completed by Saturday but the deadline has been pushed back to March 31.Airport director BP Sharma, who is also in charge of the project, said the accident did not cause any injury or damage. \"There was more smoke than fire. It took place due to sparks that fell on glass wool in a room that houses the air-handling system. It also generated dense smoke. One of our fire engines rushed to the spot and remained on standby. Two engines arrived from a nearby fire station,\" he said.AAI officers, who are currently in a stir against HR policies, said the incident would not have happened had its engineers been there to supervise the construction.\"Last Saturday, quality of the project was compromised. Low-grade concrete was used in the flyover construction. This Saturday, safety of the project has been affected,\" an officer said. Under the work-to-rule agitation, AAI engineers are working only eight hours a day for five weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322276", "title": "Govt slaps a nominal fine on doctors", "text": "BHOPAL: Fending off criticism over the controversial drug trials on mentally challenged patients in Indore, the Madhya Pradesh government has now slapped a nominal Rs 5000 penalty on the 12 government doctors who were involved.The Madhya Pradesh Nursing Homes and Clinical Establishment (registration and License) Amendment Act 2003 requires doctors and hospitals conducting drug trials to inform state health authorities, Indore's Chief Medical and Health Officer Dr Sharad Pandit told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11321050", "title": "Ushering in 2012 on a holy note", "text": "LUDHIANA: Eight months ago, Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar was like any other city area, disappointed with the government apathy towards their area and dejected at nothing much happening in their society.Today, six women of H block are doing their bit to add life and uplift their area. On Saturday, they organized a programme on the New Year eve and Guru Gobind Singh's birth anniversary. They also arranged 'kirtan' and 'langar' for 2,500 people that was attended by residents of G F, E and D block also.These women had formed a society called \"Sukhmani Sewa Society (Women)\" about 8 months back and today they are so popular in SBS Nagar that in a day, they collected Rs 50,000 for today's event. The programme was unique in many ways. It was celebrated with \"Rehans Bhai\" kirtan instead of conventional western music. The uniqueness about \"Rehans Bhai kirtan\" that is it's conducted continuously, without any break. The programme started in the evening with path of Rehraj Sahib followed by kirtan. After one hour at 7pm, Ragi Jathas started kirtans that continued till 12 in the midnight. Some jathas had even come from US. At 12 midnight, the New Year was welcomed by an ardas and showering of flowers. Residents then organized amazing fireworks and congratulated one another. A big langar was also organized for everyone. There was good arrangement for tea and water.|Society president Ranjit Kaur thanked the residents for their support. \"If people would not have contributed, this event would not have been such a success,\" the president said. Pushpa Mishra, secretary, said this event was possible only due to wholehearted support of residents. Treasurer Balwinder Kaur said this is the first time she is a part of such great event. Member of the society, Surinder Kaur, said people have donated with open heart for the event as everyone is emotionally connected to it. Another member Ambuj Bhasin said now they are so motivated that they can even plan much bigger events than this.Member Kanwalpreet Kaur said 8 months back, they have not even thought that in such a short span they will rule the hearts of people but the success of the event has proved that the people have appreciated their work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11320634", "title": "Woman, man end life by hanging at Mapusa, Candolim", "text": "MAPUSA: A mother of three children, Shobha Gadekar, 34, allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling in her residence at Karaswada, Mapusa, on Friday.The Gadekar family, hailing from Ahmednagar in Maharashtra, was staying in an apartment in Aacai at Karaswada for the last 7 years.While her husband was onnight duty and children were asleep, Shobha used her saree to hang herself from the ceiling fan.At around 4am, one of her daughter's woke up to find that her mother was not beside her. Later, she saw her mother hanging from the ceiling fan.Neighbours informed the police and PSI Vishwajit Chodankar conducted the site panchanama and sent the body for post mortem at GMC hospital, Bambolim. The reason behind Shobha taking such an extreme step is not clear.In another incident, one Melwyn Peter Domnic D'Souza, 28, resident of Wadi-Candolim, committed suicide by hanging himself.The reason behind the suicide is unknown and police have registered the case of unnatural death.Police sub-inspector (PSI) Gaurish Parab is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321098", "title": "Depressed woman burns self, daughter", "text": "JAIPUR: A 25-year-old woman set her two-year-old daughter on fire and then committed suicide by self-immolation in Anadara town of Sirohi district on Saturday morning. Their charred bodies were found by neighbours at the house as the husband was away at farm. The enquiry has been initiated by a sub-divisional magistrate. However, prima-facie, the woman took the step depressed over frequent domestic feuds.According to the police, the incident took place in the town's Indra Colony. The deceased were Ganga Meghwal and her daughter Priyanka.\"In a report to the police, the husband Krishna Kumar Meghwal has claimed he had left for his farm around 8 pm on Friday. His wife and daughter were alone in the house,\" SHO, Anadara Rajendra Singh, said.He added the husband was allegedly informed by neighbours on Saturday morning that his wife and daughter were dead.\"I rushed to the house and found the door of a room in the house locked from inside. Smoke was coming out from the room. The door was broken open with help of neighbours. The bodies were lying on the floor,\" Krishna Kumar told the police.SHO Singh said a forensic examination of the spot was conducted. \"We recovered a kerosene cane from the room suggesting Ganga first poured the oil on her daughter and then on herself. She then set fire to the child and herself,\" said the officer.Ganga and Krishna were married five years ago.\"The reasons behind the incident are being investigated. However, going by the statement of neighbours and family members, it seems the couple did not have a cordial relationship,\" officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320490", "title": "Speeding car runs over man", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35-year-old man was mowed down by a speeding car in Kanjhawala area of outer Delhi on Friday night. The deceased has been identified as Phool Singh, a resident of Mubarakpur.Though the driver fled from the spot, the car number was noted down by a passerby. The incident occurred at 7.30pm when the man was returning home, said cops. When he reached the Rani Kheda area, a speeding Hyundai car rammed into him.He was taken to Sanjay Gandhi Memorial Hospital but succumbed to his injuries. Cops said that they received a call from a passerby regarding the incident around 10pm. \"We have registered a case of causing death due to negligence and rash driving against the driver. The body has been sent for postmortem and the accident cell is investigating the case,\" said a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11322011", "title": "SlutWalk Bangalore slams AP cop\u2019s comment", "text": "BANGALORE: SlutWalk Bangalore, which is spearheading a campaign against crimes targeting women, has strongly condemned Andhra Pradesh DGP Dinesh Reddy's comments. Reddy on Friday was quoted as saying that \"rape is increasing because women have started dressing fashionably\".\"Once again we are seeing a familiar scenario being repeated. A crime occurs and the victim is blamed. The law enforcing authority absolves itself of all responsibilities. What about the rapist? He was 'provoked' and cannot be blamed! This is the pathetic situation of crime management in India today,\" said SlutWalk team members.\"We firmly believe that one's actions are of one's own volition and the mere sight of a woman, howsoever dressed, cannot compel a man to rape her. The idea that rape or sexual assault have to do with the way a woman dresses or behaves is problematic,\" said the team in a statement.\"Sexual assault is not about sex, but power. Women are sexually assaulted whether they wear jeans, a burkha, a sari, a miniskirt or a bathing suit. If sexual assault was caused because of women dressing provocatively, why would women in saris, suits or burkhas are raped or abused? The DGP himself has acknowledged that women are raped even in salwar kameez,\" it pointed out.\"We know police cannot prevent rape from happening. But we, as a society, can understand why it happens and do something to change our collective mindsets and approach towards sexual assault. As long as we keep blaming the victims, we will see no progress,\" the group said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11321202", "title": "'AMU centre: CM has proved critics wrong'", "text": "PATNA: Senior JD (U) leader and former minister Shakil Ahmad Khan, while lauding the sustained efforts of CM Nitish Kumar for the establishment of a centre of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) in Kishanganj, blamed the opposition parties for spreading the canard that the Nitish-led NDA government was not interested in this project due to pressure from BJP .\"Now, with the transfer of land to AMU, Nitish has proved these forces wrong. He has forcefully replied to the allegations hurled by the opposition, which stage managed protests in Kishanganj,\" said Khan. \"Nitish has proved beyond doubt that he is for educational empowerment of people and fulfilled his commitment,\" he added.Khan said now the ball is in the court of the Centre as well as the AMU for constructing buildings and setting up other infrastructure and start academic session. \"The state government is committed to extend all possible help in the establishment of AMU centre in a Muslim-dominated and educationally backward district,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11321641", "title": "One leopard saved, another found dead in Tumkur", "text": "While one leopard was found dead after getting caught in a barbed wire in a farm, another leopard was saved by the forest department staff in Dasarahalli village, 20 km from Tumkur on Saturday.According to the forest department officials, the leopards were caught in the barbed wire placed by the farm owner Gangadarappa to prevent wild animals from entering the farm.The villagers, who saw the two leopards caught in the wire , informed the forest officials. The rescued animal has been sent to Banneraghatta National Park in Bangalore.Range forest officer Chinnappa told TOI that the population of leopards was increasing in Tumkur forest range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321136", "title": "New voters to have say in civic elections", "text": "NAGPUR: The State Election Commission (SEC) on Saturday made it clear that new voters will get a chance to exercise franchise in the civic elections slated to be held in February. SEC has declared January 5 as voters list cut-off date.Elections to municipal councils were conducted according to the voters list finalized on September 30, 2011. It was finalized for the assembly elections also. However, with the latest declaration, voters who have registered with the district administration on or before November 30 will be included in the final list.As per SEC schedule, NMC has to obtain the list of newly registered voters from the district administration on January 5. This is to be followed by its publication on January 12. Then, NMC will invite suggestions and objections on the ward-wise draft of voters list from January 12 to 17. The final voters list will be made public on January 23.Official sources said SEC may declare election programme any time after January 5. It may be either January 5 or 6. SEC will clear confusion about 35 or 45 days' election programme following which the code of conduct will come into force. The polling is likely to be held on February 19.NMC has completed the process of preparing the ward-wise list taking the base of voters list finalized on September 30. As the cut-off date is January 5, NMC will attach a supplementary list with main voters list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11329885", "title": "6-year old boy undergoes composite facial surgery", "text": "KOCHI: A six-year-old boy, whose nose, lips and a portion of his cheek got severed in a road mishap ten days ago, successfully underwent a complex surgery to re-plant them in what is claimed to be the country's first composite facial part replant at a private hospital here.The surgery was performed at the Specialist Hospital here on Ajaykumar, a first standard student, and he was recovering and would be able to attend the school in three months, doctors said today.Though facial replants have been performed earlier, this was the first time facial part replant was being done, Dr R Jayakumar, Head of the Department of Plastic and Micro Vascular Surgery, who performed the challenging operation recently, told reporters here.The mishap occurred on Dec 20 at Alapuzha when a car hit the autorickshaw in which the boy was travelling along with his uncle and aunt.He was immediately rushed to the hospital. The severed portions of the face parts were retrieved by the policemen from the accident spot and were sent to the hospital in another ambulance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11321831", "title": "India-born Nobel laureate Venky gets knighthood", "text": "LONDON: Venkatraman Ramakrishnan , India-born US citizen whose pioneering work in molecular biology won him the 2009 Nobel Prize in chemistry, has been honoured with a knighthood by the royal establishment here in a rare recognition of achievements by foreigners based in Britain.58-year-old Ramakrishnan, known to most as Venky, is based at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge. He has been conferred knighthood \"for services to molecular biology\" in the New Year Honours List 2012, according to an official announcement.After the list was released on Saturday, Ramakrishnan said that honouring him with a knighthood reflects the contribution made by immigrants to British society.In a statement, he said: \"In the current debate about immigration, it is worth noting that this award is yet another example of the numerous contributions that immigrants make to British society. Indeed, many of the founding members of the Laboratory of Molecular Biology were immigrants themselves, and they helped to revolutionise modern biology.\"Ramakrishnan said: \"This is an honour that reflects the quality of science supported by the Medical Research Council, in particular at the Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge. In my case, credit should go to the numerous dedicated postdocs, students, associates and colleagues who made crucial contributions to the work.\" pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322637", "title": "NCR\u2019s ground battles", "text": "On May 6, when villagers of Bhatta and Parsaul in Greater Noida abducted three officials of the UP Road Transport Corporation, the already simmering politics of land acquisition, reached boiling point. These farmers had been agitating for better compensation for land acquired by the UP government for Mayawati's dream Yamuna Expressway project. They were not alone. Across Noida and Greater Noida, farmers were upset over their land being taken by the government for public projects and then being sold to private developers at hiked prices.Bhatta-Parsaul provided the spark that ignited widespread protests, especially in Noida Extension, marketed as a haven for low-cost housing projects.In May, a Supreme Court ruling in favour of Sahberi village in Noida Extension prompted other farmers to follow suit. Appeals were filed in the Allahabad High Court, dharnas held and construction stalled. Concurrent protests were held by farmers in Noida, even by those who had sold their land to the Noida Authority over 20 years ago, claiming they had been shortchanged. On October 21, an Allahabad High Court ruling cancelled land acquisition in three villages in Noida Extension and hiked compensation in 61 villages by 64 percent. The issue, however, is far from over.This also happened About 1,000 farmers from villages around the F1 track reportedly bought tickets, worth Rs 30-35 lakh, for the racing event to protest against land acquisition", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11293563", "title": "Sathya goes to Bollywood", "text": "Actor Sathya, who debuted with Valluvan Vasuki, is excited about his latest release Maharaja, in which he has paired opposite Anjali.And the latest buzz is that the actor is now eyeing BTown. Yes, Sathya will soon be seen in an yet-to-be-titled film with Jackie Shroff and Gulshan Grover.\"The film is produced by Arun Thuli, who will also be producing my next Tamil film - Vidiyalai Nokki. The Bollywood flick will be a thriller and I'm excited about working with Jackie Shroff. I've been his fan right from his Kaash days. I'm waiting to meet him on sets and tell him how I've watched every movie of his!\" says Sathya, who adds he's quite fluent in Hindi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11322452", "title": "Rise in crimes against women", "text": "KANPUR: The cases of crime against women gave police and administration a tough time in 2011. Some rape cases and murders of elderly people made headlines in the just gone year. One such rape case was reported in March 2011. Laxmi (name changed) was raped by three fellow villagers after which she got pregnant and gave birth to a girl.Similar was the story of Sushila who was raped in February. She remained admitted in LLR Hospital for continuous eight months, and yet she is unable to walk. This girl was raped and thrown into a well by her neighbours. Another Lakshmi, a minor girl, was raped in July. The rapist even chopped off her ear and nose.Nidhi, in just three years of age, witnessed the cruelty of her own uncle who raped her and try to kill her. But she was saved by God's grace. The city witnessed many more such cases in the year 2011. The police officials also admitted that the cases of crime against women were on the rise in 2011. As the year ends, the memories would also became hazy for the common man but the lives of these victims would probably never get back to normal. Locals just hope that year 2012 will bring a change in the society as well as in the mindsets of people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11325241", "title": "PM begins his New Year by praying at the Golden Temple", "text": "AMRITSAR: On a personal visit to the holy city, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh began his new year by paying obeisance at the Golden Temple this morning.Singh along with his wife Gursharan Kaur reached the Golden Temple at 6.30 am and went to the sanctum sanctorum where they spent half an hour.They listened to the Shabd Kirtan (religious hymns) and Ardas (prayer) while sitting cross-legged with folded hands in the VIP corridor of the sanctum sanctorum of the Harmandar Sahab, popularly known as Golden Temple.The Prime Minister was attired in a white Kurta-Pyjama and a dark grey jacket while Gursharan Kaur wore a maroon-colored shawl and cream-colored 'salweer kameez'.The couple, who arrived here last evening, took full round of the marbled periphery around the water pool of Golden Temple to reach the sanctum sanctorum.They listened to the religious hymns for half and hour with rapt attention and closed eyes.Afterwards they went to Akal Takht, the highest temporal seat of the Sikhs, to pay obeisance where they listened to the Ardas for five minutes.The PM was escorted in the periphery of the Golden Temple in three different human chains created by the NSG from Delhi, troops of Punjab Police and then Task force of the the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee, the apex religious body of the Sikhs.Meanwhile, after paying obeisance at the Golden Temple in the morning, the couple while coming out had to face the protest of supporters of Anna Hazare .The incident took place when Hazare supporters numbering around 40, including some women , raised slogans against the government as well as corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11321669", "title": "UP minister threatens Lokayukta, EC seeks report", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after state energy minister Ramveer Upadhyaya lashed out at Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta Justice N K Mehrotra for 'daring' to probe corruption charges against him, the Election Commission on Saturday directed Mahamayanagar district administration to submit a report on minister's speech and conduct.The Lokayukta had initiated probe against the minister following complaints of 'corruption and criminal conduct'. However, the investigations were 'closed' because one of the complainants moved the high court. As per the Lokayukta Act, the Lokayukta cannot probe a case, which is subjudice.\"I also have the powers, but will not stoop down to use them against the minister in retaliation. Instead, I expect the chief minister to take action against the minister,\" Justice Mehrotra told reporters. He also said \"minister seems to have lost his head\" and is apparently acting on the advice of some lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11321416", "title": "Now travel cashless on BRTS", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) has given a New Year gift in the form of smart cards to Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) commuters. The cards will be issued from BRTS bus stops from Sunday, ensuring convenient and cashless travel on buses.The initiative is a part of an attempt by AJL to move towards paperless ticketing. The commuter will not be required to stand in the line or even buy a ticket. Earlier, AJL had also decided to have real-time bus schedules on mobile phones and web-based ticketing system; those are yet to be implemented. Chief minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the smart card system at the valedictory function of the week-long Kankaria Carnival.The Rs 74 crore smart card project was in the offing since 2008. The card can be purchased for Rs 25 from any bus stop. The cards come with lifetime validity.AJL officials said that any person who tries to jump over the smart card sensor will be fined Rs 100. Officials said that a person who enters a bus stop will get exactly 100 minutes to exit. Rs 2 will be charged if a person enters the bus stop and then exits it without travelling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320574", "title": "MMS drove girl to edge", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after an 18-year-old girl attempted suicide in the Nihal Vihar area of West Delhi, police say that the girl resorted to this extreme step after an MMS made by her friend was seen by her brother. Ashamed, the girl tried to end her life but failed, police said.The cops are yet to arrest the accused, identified as one Jeetu, a resident of Nihal Vihar, but are interrogating him at length to establish culpability, sources said.The incident first came to light when the girl attempted suicide on Friday evening, police said. Cops said the girl, who studied in class 12 at a prominent West Delhi school, was friends with Jeetu. The accused secretly made an MMS clip of her and soon began to blackmail her. When the victim refused, Jeetu allegedly began circulating the obscene MMS clip, which finally landed up on victim's brother's mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322971", "title": "Our fears reveal more about us than what we fear", "text": "What's the genesis of How To Fight... ?It was unusual. I need 3-4 years to write a novel. But this one was done in eight months. I was so taken aback that I almost scrapped it, but some friends read the manuscript and convinced me that it should be published. The challenge was to write about these 'public' issues without losing sight of the human element; I feel I succeeded in doing that.Does the buzz around your next book intimidate you? How do you keep yourself divorced from market opinion while writing a new book?I cannot speak for others, but I write only what I feel I absolutely have to write. I don't set out to write about an issue because it is in the news or because other writers are tackling it. I think this has won me a slowly expanding circle of judicious readers who know that I will always give them the best of myself. And because I write that way, market opinion does not really influence me in my writing. The fact that I have mostly lived on the periphery - first a small town in Bihar, now a small town in Denmark -also helps in a perverse manner.Terror has been the subject of many books in the market? Don't you think it might soon lose its value as a provider of great story ideas?What is it that terrifies us? Why? Our fears reveal more about us than they do about the object we fear. In that sense, fear - but not the socio-political concept of 'terror' as used today - will remain valid. Fear denotes vulnerability , and vulnerability is a condition of love too. That connection is at the core of my new novel, and hence the humour and love stories in it.As a Muslim writer settled in the West, has your religious identity ever forced you to compromise on any situation? Or has it helped you?It has not made me compromise, but it has made me more aware of the complexity of the issues. More careful , perhaps. I decided some years ago not to give interviews on 'Muslim matters' to the Western media, as I am afraid of being selectively quoted (often unconsciously) to reinforce some stereotype about Muslims or immigrants in the West.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11321082", "title": "He uses word power to empower children", "text": "BRS Nagar: Faqir Chand Shukla considers children's cause very dear to him. He remains engrossed in creating awareness about this section of the society and has used the power of the pen to do so. He has written a number of children books and this time has come up with three new books on children, \"Jaadu Nahin Chala,\" \"Cho Liya Aasman\" and \"Janamdin Ki Party\" in Hindi language.Scientist-turned-writer, Shukla said he has written 14 books in Punjabi and 7 books in Hindi for children. Originally, he is a food technology scientist and retired as professor of food technology from Punjab Agricultural University in the year 2004 but from his childhood, he loved writing. At the age of 12, he started writing and sending his works to newspapers. Sometimes, his small works were published in the newspapers too. Later, he took to professional writing and most of his work concentrated on children.Shukla said he feels literature on children has not very developed in the state and there are very few who are writing for this section. There is a need to highlight the demands and interest of children through such literature, he added. As his educational background is of food sciences, his every writing has a scientific logic behind it. Along with writing books, he has also staged a number of scientific plays for creating awareness among children.He was conferred upon the national children literature by the central government for his work, \"Sachi Khushi\" and with Shrimoni Punjab Lekhak Award by the Punjab government. He was awarded by the language department of Punjab for \"Anokhi Sujh, Navi Sawer\" and by the Uttar Pradesh government for one of his books, \"Meethi Saza\".He said his wife, late Sneh Prabha Shukla, was a great inspiration for him, as she herself was a writer and wrote books on children. Along with writing books, Shukla use to attend various national and international conferences on food technology, as this is one field very close to his heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11321649", "title": "Missing Muthuraja: HC orders case", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Bench of the Madras high court has directed the Tamil Nadu DGP to issue appropriate instructions to the jurisdictional police to register a case in respect of the missing of Muthuraja, a businessman- cum-film financier from Tuticorin and investigate further.Muthuraja, who had gone to Malaysia, went missing since January 2010. His case has created a sensation among film financiers in India and Malaysia. His first wife S Ramalakshmi filed a habeas corpus petition in the Madurai bench seeking to produce him alive or dead.According to Ramalakshmi, Muthuraja used to go to various places onaccount of work. During January 2010, she claimed she last saw him alive. On the next day of Pongal, he told her he was going out in connection with his job. According to her, on September 15, 2010 , there were a news item stating as Muthuraja was murdered in Malaysia. In the newspapers, it was also reported that in respect of the death of Muthuraja, a woman by name Usharani, claiming to be the wife of Muthuraja, had given a complaint. Thereafter, she made enquiries with her father-in-law and mother-in-law about the whereabouts of her husband. Since Ramalakshmi had suspected the genuineness of the news reports, she chose to complain to the authorities. However, no action was taken and hence she approached the court.After recording the submission made by the Additional Government pleader, the bench comprising Justice M Jaichandren and Justice S Nagamuthu said it is seen that the detenu- Muthuraja is missing, and that a dead body was found in Malaysia which is suspected to be that of the Muthuraja. It is also brought to our noticethat an investigation is done in respect of the death of Muthuraja by MalaysianPolice, alleging that it is a case of murder.The Bench said insofar as the Tamil Nadu police is concerned, now it is submitted by the Additional Public Prosecutor that a case would be registered and the matter would be investigated. Whether the dead body found in Malaysia is that of Muthuraja and whether it is a murder or the death was due to any other offence, is a matter to be investigated by the local police. If the dead body is not that of Muthuraja, the police will go ahead with the investigation and find out the location of the detenu.For the present, the judges said no direction could be granted as prayed for in the habeas corpus petition, except issuing a direction to the DGP to issue appropriate instructions to the jurisdictional police to register a case in respect of the missing of Muthuraja and investigate the same in accordance with law. In this case, Usharani, the second wife of Muthuraja, has already lodged a complaint with Valasaravakkam police in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11321059", "title": "'Langar' menu gets spiced up with steamed corn", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the birth anniversary of Guru Gobind Singh coinciding with New Year's eve, many city residents decided to stay away from alcohol and non-vegetarian food to honour the sanctity of Gurpurb.Instead of fighting for space at crowded parties, devotees thronged gurdwaras for a spiritual start to 2012. Meanwhile, the langar menu got fancy with volunteers setting up live counters offering grilled sandwiches and steamed corn for visitors to relish. Gurdwara Singh Sabha in Sarabha Nagar also offered pick and drop facility for senior citizens who wished to participate in the celebrations.Harjit Singh Sunny, a fitness consultant and resident of New Model Town, said he was clear that this time he will enjoy kirtan and langar on New Year's Eve. \"I wanted to have a peaceful time in the gurdwara unlike other years when I cruise around the city with friends,'' he said.Model Town-resident Amitoj Singh Bajaj said every year he used to first go to the gurdwara and then for a late night party but this time he stayed at the gurdwara, celebrating the guru's birthday.While Sukhman Partap of Civil Lines cancelled all party plans with friends to avoid liquor and non-vegetarian food, Dandi Swami Road-resident Jatinder Singh said his family also turned down the invitation for a private party. \"What can be better than celebrating the new year's arrival in a gurdwara?''.Most believe that Gupurb falling just ahead of the New Year is a good sign. \"I think it is a sign that the year will be special. I also went to the gurdwara and enjoyed the celebrations there,'' said Arveen Kaur of Model Town. Harjinder Singh, a resident of Gurdev Nagar, said he put up a food stall at a gurdwara on the occasion. \"It is my family's way of thanking God for the year gone by and praying for a great year ahead,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11329234", "title": "Lokpal Bill: Trinamool Congress hardens stand, rules out compromise", "text": "KOLKATA: Hardening its stand on the Lokpal Bill, UPA ally Trinamool Congress on Sunday ruled out any compromise on the Lokayukta provision and said the government should have faced voting in the Rajya Sabha.\"Trinamool Congress is not going to compromise on the federal structure of the Constitution and amendments put forward by the party have to be accepted,\" Trinamool Congress general secretary and MP Mukul Roy told reporters.He was reacting to yesterday's statement by home minister P Chidambaram that Trinamool's demand for total deletion of the Lokayukta provision might not be easy to meet and that the government might accept one or two of its amendments.Roy said the manner in which the Rajya Sabha was adjourned sine die without passing the Lokpal Bill did not augur well for democracy.\"The government should have faced the voting,\" he felt. Roy claimed that MPs from Mamata Banerjee's party had raised objections on the Lokayuta provision of the Lokpal Bill because there was an understanding with the government that Trinamool Congress' suggestions would be taken care of before the bill was moved in the Rajya Sabha.\"This assurance was not kept. Mamata's voice has found an echo in the opinions expressed by other chief ministers of the country,\" he said.Maintaining that Lokpal was not an isolated issue, Roy felt it was not proper to concentrate power in the Centre's hands and the state's rights should be \"recognised\". He noted that the Central List, Concurrent List and the State List have clearly defined subjects and there were no grey areas.Rajya Sabha member Derek O' Brien said the party's stand on Lokpal was consistent and clear and it had become a \"national stand\".Trinamool Congress and parties like BJP and Left parties had moved amendments for deletion of Part III of the Bill related to appointment of Lokayukta in states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11321529", "title": "BJP-backed panel wins in Bopal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: BJP-backed Sadbhavana panel walked away with a convincing victory in the Bopal gram panchayat after nearly a decade.Results were declared late on Saturday evening. Of the 27 wards, the Sadbhavana panel won 22. The Bopal Vikas Parishad - backed by Congress candidates - managed to win only three seats, while Bopal Pragati panel of the BJP rebel candidate and an independent bagged one seat each.The Sadbhavana panel during campaigning had pledged if voted to power, they would work for the development of the area which was being meted out stepmotherly treatment by the Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority. The outgoing Sarpanch Anjanaben Patel, who had contested from two different wards, too lost the election. The deputy sarpanch Rajan Gurjar also lost with a huge margin.However, the counting for votes for the sarpanch candidate began late on Saturday and the result was expected to be declared after midnight. Sadbhavana panel members were confident that their Sarpanch candidate Dinesh Dabhi will win with a convincing margin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11320807", "title": "Japanese man found dead at Chapora", "text": "MAPUSA: A 39-year-old Japanese national, Shinsuke Kondo, allegedly committed suicide in a guesthouse at Bondir Vaddo Chapora.According to the Anjuna police, the deceased had checked into the guesthouse on December 30 at 10.30pm. On December 31, the owner of the guesthouse went to Kondo's room in the morning to get him to fill the 'C form', but the guest did not repond. He then peeped through the window and saw the deceased hanging from the ceiling.On being informed, the Anjuna police rushed to the site and Kondo's body was sent for post mortem. Mapusa DySP Bousseut D'Silva also visited the site. The cause of the suicide is not yet know. Investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11321184", "title": "Apathy continues to hit Bawanthadi project", "text": "BHANDARA: Bawanthadi irrigation project continues to suffer due to lack of commitment and will of the local leadership and the administration as the remaining gorge filling of the main dam to be undertaken this month got delayed again.The ambitious interstate irrigation project was started in 1975. As per the agreement between Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra, the main dam was to be built by MP. The canals were to be built by Maharashtra. While 99% canals have been built which would irrigate 17,500 hectares of agriculture land in 70 villages of Bhandara district, the main dam work is also nearing completed. Only 60 metre long portion of gorge filling of the main dam has remained.Forest conservation act was the main stumbling block in filling the remaining 60 metre long portion of the gorge, but the Centre gave permission after persuasion.The work was undertaken in December 2010 but the project-affected people of three villages of the district resorted to violent agitation at the dam site due to which the work was temporarily stopped. There are 30 families at village Sitekasa, 51 in Kamkasur and 228 in Susurdoha which are affected by the project.The state government had given two packages of Rs 17.15 crore to PAPs for which Bhandara collector had chalked out a time-bound programme and organized special camps. But PAPs demanded increase in the package amount. Some of them even threatened to disrupt camps and not to allow gorge filling work.The district administration and police department of Bhandara and Nagpur districts had jointly decided to begin the gorge filling work from December 26 but it was postponed due to the winter session of the state legislature. Now there is an urgent need to take up the work within a week.JP Verma, executive engineer of MP Bawanthadi project, visited Bhandara on Friday to meet the district collector and superintendent of police to seek protection from PAPs at the dam site. He showed his willingness to deposit the money required for the purpose but Bhandara SP said that he would decide after visiting the site and holding dialogue with the PAPs.Bhandara collector Pradeep Kalbhor also expressed the same views and said that a meeting has been fixed on January 4 with divisional commissioner at Nagpur in which future course of action will be decided.Gajanan Ninawe, a farmer from village Sihora, said that the district administration and police department were shirking their responsibility on one pretext or the other. Only 309 families of the project-affected villages are exploiting the government. There is lack of will and commitment to complete the project, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11322041", "title": "'Cattle being brought without vaccination'", "text": "THRISSUR: Cattle are being transported from Tamil Nadu to Kerala without proper anthrax vaccination certificates issued by the animal husbandry department, say officials. And there is no facility to ensure that each cattle is vaccinated, they add.This adds to the anthrax scare that looms large over the district with the death of two anthrax-infected cows on Friday and two buffaloes earlier this week.\"There is no mechanism to inspect animals coming through the check-posts in Kerala. Had cattle been vaccinated, there wouldn't have been animal deaths due to anthrax in Kerala. We are planning to undertake an anthrax vaccination drive in Kuriachira,\" said Thrissur Animal Husbandry Department deputy director V Rajan.Mammen Ebraham, associate professor, Dept of Pathology, Veterinary College and Animal Sciences, Mannuthy said, \"Even though the blood and serum samples of animals brought to Kuriachira slaughter house were found to be negative, we cannot say for sure that they have not been infected with anthrax. It is difficult to diagnose the disease in the initial stage. It can be detected only after an animal is dead.\"According to experts, cattle should be vaccinated with anthrax spore vaccine before the monsoon season. They are usually infected by anthrax, caused by Bacillus Anthracis Bactrim, through seeds and grass, or through direct contact with the infected animals from areas where the disease is endemic.Thrissur Corporation has neither veterinary doctors to examine animals nor a cremation furnace to burn the carcass of dead animals. The post of the veterinary doctor has been lying vacant for two years. It is the district veterinary officials who have been inspecting animals.\"We buried the dead cattle near the Kuriachira slaughter house on Friday as there is no cremation furnace facility there,\" Corporation health superintendent VC Balasubramanyam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11329346", "title": "Kapasiwala murder too well planned to crack", "text": "SURAT: Police is now working on some specific clues related to Amit Kapasiwala murder of Thursday in which the murderer was nabbed within minutes of murder but it is proving difficult to reach the key conspirators. Police believe that the clues related to minute details of the suspect would lead them to the murder planner. However, police refused to reveal the details as it would affect the course of investigation.Soon after his arrest, Dipak Makwana, a contract killer from Bhavnagar, who murdered Kapasiwala, informed police that he was offered contract of Rs 1 lakh. The information by Makwana and other details related to the victim confirmed that the murder was carried out to in some business rivalry. The victim Kapasiwala and his family is known in the city for their legal land related disputes.Police investigation further revealed that Kapasiwala had filed a compliant in the police station against his own family members. One of the family members of Kapasiwala family had recently approached the police over alleged illegal encroachment over a piece of land.Meanwhile, police officials are accepting that the murder was planned in a way that the involved accused got time to move out of police reach. In the murder the attacker Makwana doesn't know any details about the person Bhupendra alias Vijay alias Hindi who offered him contract and given Rs 50,000. In addition the person who helped Makwana in carrying out murder was also unknown to him.Makwana called on a number that was given by Bhupendra and the person picked Makwana from railway station to the spot of crime on bike. Now mobile number details of Bhupendra and the biker is available with police but it is not helpful as the numbers were obtained using fake details.\"The crime has been committed in a way that one link is not helping in getting to another. The investigation is being carried out jointly by the Umra police station and crime branch. We are working on some important clues and the accused will be nabbed soon,\" said Sanjay Shrivastava, joint police commissioner, range II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "11329074", "title": "Pakistan joins UNSC as non-permanent member", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: Pakistan today joined the UN Security Council for a two-year term as a non-permanent member of the powerful world body, which also has India among its 15-member states.Pakistan was elected to the Security Council last October when 129 out of 193 members of the UN General Assembly voted for it during an election.Pakistan has previously served the Council in 1952-53, 1968-69, 1976-77, 1983-84, 1993-94 and 2003-04.\"It will be Pakistan's seventh time on the Council, and the fourth time its term will overlap with India, as it did in 1968, 1977 and 1984,\" the state-run APP news agency said.Pakistan's envoy to UN Abdullah Hussain Haroon has said his country would play a constructive role in resolving key global issues that the Council is dealing with or may come up.\"We hope to play our usual role of taking on matters which affect the underdog, so as to speak,\" Haroon was quoted as saying by the APP.The Security Council has five permanent members -- Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States -- and ten non-permanent members elected by the General Assembly for two-year terms, from five different regions of the world.Along with Pakistan, Azerbaijan , Guatemala , Morocco and Togo have also joined the Council as non-permanent members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11321195", "title": "2011: Nitish stood tall with innovative ideas", "text": "PATNA: The year 2011 started on a sad note for CM Nitish Kumar , but ended with jubilation. The man of the masses, as he is called, was surrounded by people on both the occasions as well as throughout the year.Nitish, who completed first year of his second stint and six years in office in November last, spent most of his time in midst of public, be it his weekly Janata Darbars on Mondays at 1 Anne Marg or his Seva Yatra which began on November 9, the first leg of which is scheduled to be completed in the first fortnight of January 2012.While accepting greetings, flowers and bouquets in the morning of New Year Day of 2011 at the lawns of his residence, as a huge crowd waited to meet him, news of his mother's critical illness reached him from inside the house. Nitish cut short his programme and rushed to see his mother breathing her last. She was cremated the next day.But overcoming his personal loss, the CM turned up at his 'Janata ke durbar mein mukhya mantri' programme on the third day of the year to listen to grievances of poor people. \"This is my 'raj dharma' and I feel it is my duty to perform it in spite of my personal loss,\" he told them. On December 31, Nitish was again in midst of people at Aurangabad during his Seva Yatra.The CM began the year with a revolutionary initiative - declaration of assets by himself, his ministers and bureaucrats, and uploading them on the official website for ensuring transparency in administration. Later, all government servants and even teachers were asked to follow the practice.Another innovative idea mooted in 2011 was the Right to Public Service Act, which came into force on August 15. It was another major step for transparency in government work and checking corruption. Under this act, government servants are now bound to provide certain services to people in a specified time frame. These services include issuance of certain documents like caste certificate, driving license, income certificate etc within a prescribed time.Incidentally, both these initiatives were hailed across the country and are being copied in other states as well as at the Centre.The year also saw an unprecedented, revolutionary initiative when the palatial house of a 'corrupt' IAS officer was confiscated as per the provisions of the Bihar Special Courts Act, and a school for underprivileged children was opened there. Similarly, a big house of another corrupt official was also confiscated and a residential school shifted there.The CM had been waiting for this monumental moment in his fight against corruption, which came in early October. \"Our government finally did something that I had been rather passionate about all the while. We have opened a primary school in the house of a senior government official facing a disproportionate assets case,\" Nitish blogged.While the country was agitated over the cancer of corruption and demanding an effective mechanism to fight it, with the Union government seeming to be ambivalent on the issue, Bihar enacted a Lokayukta Act. The state-level ombudsman covers the office of chief minister.The man who had graduated in electrical engineering sits pretty after trouncing his opponents in the November 2010 assembly election, but says he has no dream to get the highest office of the country, and is interested only in serving the people of Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11321150", "title": "Grand old gramophone peps up Puris", "text": "BRS NAGAR: The world can go crazy over iPods, iPhones and other hi-tech devices that play music while one is on the go, but it makes no difference to Sunil Puri. He likes to sit down in style at home and play old records of Ameena Bai, Zahar Bai, Mohammed Ali , Maulvi Noor Mohammed and Meena Devi from his grand gramophone.The 60-year-old, whose two daughters are married and son is studying in Mumbai, said sitting with his wife and listening to the old records is his favourite thing to do. \"I have preserved 150 records from the 1940s and there are several more of the time when music was available only on big records,'' said Sunil.A businessman who deals in knitting machines, Sunil said his collection of music includes classic, rock, western classic and heavy metal. \"I am big fan of classical music in any language and have records of Hindi, English and even South Indian classical songs,'' he said.Sunil said Sufi music had charmed him since childhood. \"At that we had a big gramophone on which we could play three records but it went out of order. So, in 1993, I got another gramophone from Mumbai because I cannot live without listening to my old records. Now, I am planning to translate Warish Shah and Bulle Shah's Urdu and Punjabi creations into English,'' he said.He has also collected over 200 audio cassettes of songs that are hard to find these days. His wife Tuzy knows that Sunil's first love is music. \"Music helps to take away worries and tensions of everyday living. When we are alone at home, we put on some soft songs and enjoy each other's company,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11322283", "title": "DLW sets new record in locomotive production", "text": "VARANASI: The Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) has set a new record in manufacturing diesel locomotives in 2011. The DLW produced 267 locomotives in 2010-11 financial year.DLW spokesperson said that against the target of 250 locomotives given by the Railway Board, the DLW produced 267 locomotives. In view of growing demand of high horsepower engines in Indian Railway, the DLW is increasing the production of 4,500 HP microprocessor controlled AC/DC electromotive diesel (EMD) rail engines. While 110 EMD rail engines were produced in 2009-10, the production of such engines increased to 150 in 2010-11. In current financial year (2011-12), the DLW has been given a target of 275 locomotives including 215 EMD rail engines.Besides, the DLW has also begun the manufacturing of 5,500 HP WDG-5 locomotive and it is expected that the first prototype WDG5 loco will come by February 2012. It will be the most powerful diesel locomotive ever produced by the Indian Railway.The engine with the capacity of 100 km per hour would be able to pull all types of goods trains at level tracks. It will be equipped with ultra modern facilities including electronic fuel injection, e-locker, radial dynamic grid, power run auxiliaries and tread break unit. The locomotive will also have a fire display based TFT screen, better visibility and cab collision protection as per the international standard EN 12667.The spokesperson said that the DLW also achieved new heights in the marketing section. In the current financial year, the DLW has so far received purchase orders of 39 locomotives worth Rs 328.5 crore from non-railway clients and foreign countries. An export order of 40 locomotives is expected from Bangladesh .The DLW was set up as a green field project in technical collaboration with ALCO, USA, for manufacturing diesel electric locomotives. The first locomotive was rolled out and dedicated to the nation in 1964. The DLW entered into an agreement with General Motors of USA for technology transfer to manufacture high horsepower locomotives in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322623", "title": "99% Versus 1%", "text": "There was no brutal crackdown by a tyrant, no runaway tanks that mowed down demonstrators , no trigger-happy police firing, and no selfimmolation by any protestor. Even flash mobs require more organization and coordination, so innocuously did the Occupy Wall Street (OWS) movement begin. And unlike the civil rights and anti-war movements, it wasn't even all-American to start with.On July 13, 2011, the Canada-based Adbusters Foundation, best known for its ad-free , anti-consumerist magazine Adbusters, put out a blog post proposing a peaceful occupation of Wall Street in Manhattan to protest corporate greed, growing wealth disparity, and the absence of legal action against banking mavens blamed for the global financial crisis. It was almost three years since the Lehmann Brothers' collapse climaxed the meltdown but the financial fiddlers who caused it had not been brought to justice. Hopes that a fresh-faced Barack Obama would reform the system had been belied . He was seen as a \"gutless wonder\" whose answer to the problem was to bail out the tricksters and offer platitudes.By this time the Tahrir Square protests in Cairo were already into the sixth month. Followed avidly in the US, especially on fast-evolving social media, the movement kindled the spirit of America's disenchanted. But where the Arab Spring was a roar for democracy triggered by blood on the streets, the American Fall was a vague cry for accountability first booted up online. Adbusters' opening demand online was for \"a presidential commission to separate money from politics\" which would then \"start setting the agenda for a new America\" . Their debut poster featured a dancer atop the Charging Bull, the Wall Street mascot that, depending on where you stood, was already emasculated or needed to be brought to heel.Two months later, on September 17, when the first lot of people trickled into Manhattan's Zuccotti Park , heeding the call from Adbusters and an allied internet civil disobedience group called Anonymous, the motley crowd still did not attract any media, even though there were a gaggle of cameras nearby at the UN Plaza where the General Assembly jamboree had begun. But away from the cameras, the movement went viral online . Occupy Wall Street Facebook pages, YouTube videos, and Twitter feeds with the movement's own hashtag #OWS began erupting on the net. A week later, media coverage was ignited by the macing of a young woman by a police officer and the first arrests. By the time 700 protesters were arrested on the Brooklyn Bridge on October 1, it was a conflagration - in the media.Since then, Occupy Wall Street has gone from a social media circus to a spotty global movement, still largely driven by - and on - the internet. By one account, there are now more than 2,500 Occupy sites worldwide in physical terms, but nowhere is there a crowd comparable in energy and passion to the one in Tahrir Square, or in a soccer stadium , or in the desperate and unseen hinterlands of India and China which are seeing bigger movements. OWS' biggest achievement, it appears, is in riding the social media to generate a public discourse about its objectives, which appear unclear. In part, this is because of the movement's all-encompassing nature that is not tightly focused. It is vivid, virtuous, and occasionally volatile , but because of its large umbrella that has taken in everyone from the merely disenchanted and the dispirited, to the seriously dispossessed and desperate , all adding up to what the movement's loose leadership call the \"99%\", its message is construed as being vague. A vast majority of the disaffected are still not actively involved.Some have called it the Left-leaning version of the Tea Party movement while right-leaning politicians have suggested sections of the OWS movement are dissolute and diabolical. Polls bear out the growing but limited support for OWS. A November 3 survey by Quinnipiac University found that 30% of American voters have a favourable view of the protests, while 39% do not. A Pew ResearchCenter poll, released mid-December , found that nearly three months after the start of OWS, 44% support the movement and 35% oppose it.But more than the numbers, what it has done is brought the issue of economic injustice and disparity out in the open. Although it remains more of a social media movement rather than a mass protest, with the small physical presence amplified in the rapidly expanding digital era, it has sharply defined the growing chasm between the elites and the commons with a vigorous debate backed by numbers and fuelled by dialectics. National Public Radio picked \"Occupy\" as the word of the year and Time magazine chose \"The Protester\" as person of the year. OWS is now turning out to be contemporaneously the most well-chronicled dissent in the history of mass movements.The political class in America has been forced to respond to these new age protests. President Obama, the commons' mascot-turned-mediator , gave the movement plenty of lip-sympathy , saying \"it expresses the frustrations the American people feel...seeing some of the same folks who acted irresponsibly trying to fight efforts to crack down on the abusive practices that got us into this in the first place.\"So where does OWS go from here? The polls in November 2012, of course. For at the end of the day, the biggest revolutions dissipate in the ballot box. Till then, to paraphrase Bob Dylan , America's great protest singer, the wheels of the OWS movement are still in spin and there's no telling who it is naming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11293562", "title": "LA people have begun to recognise me now: AR Rahman", "text": "He told us about his Hollywood and Bollywood plans, and how he will bring a German Orchestra to Delhi in January 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321101", "title": "2011: Maternal deaths and still births on rise", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation will move into the New Year with horrifying statistics of stillbirths and maternal deaths hanging over it like the sword of Damocles. However, 2011 was quite satisfactory when it comes to maintaining the sex ratio.The trend for 2011 emerged after NMC finalized the statistics up to September recently. As per the data released by the civic body's health department, the sex ratio has improved to 93% as against 90% in 2010. It means there were 930 girls born for every 1,000 boys, which incidentally is less than the national figure of 940:1,000.There has been no improvement over the last five years with the city recording 93% in 2009 and 2008, 91% in 2007 and 95% in 2006.Officials say that there were around 55,000 births in 2011. In previous years, the figures were 53,269 (2010), 50,325 (2009), 51,508 (2008), 48,987 (2007) and 49,653 2006. Between January 1 and September 30, the number of births was 36,234 (18,773 boys and 17,461 girls).What's more alarming is that the number of maternal deaths and stillbirths are on the rise with every passing year. It raises a serious question mark on various Central and State government schemes being implemented through NMC to ensure safe delivery and good health of mothers and infants.The city recorded 177 stillbirth in nine months on an average of 20 per month while the number was 201 in 2010 on an average of 17 per month. As far as maternal deaths are concerned, the number was 57 in nine months for an average of 7 per month while it was 70 on an average of 6 per month in 2010.Though the infant deaths have reduced to some extent when compared to 2010, the number is still alarming. 994 infant deaths were registered in nine months. Extrapolating it for a year, the figure would touch 1,330 for an average of 110 per month. In 2010, the infant deaths were 1,425 for an average of 118 per month. It was 931 in 2009, 904 in 2008, 765 in 2007 and 965 in 2006.According to official sources, the number of maternal, still birth and infants would always be more than that registered with the NMC. Many of the hospitals, particularly the private ones, do not give information to the NMC. The NMC is keeping watch at the numerous crematoriums to come up with exact numbers.Meanwhile, the NMC has completed the works sanctioned under e-Governance project for child and birth department. \"Birth and death registration process has now become smooth. It will help the citizens to get the certificates at zone-level that too in quick time. Besides, the data will be saved in a centralized server,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321121", "title": "Alternate medical services prove beneficial, says govt", "text": "JAIPUR: While the state government made attempts to initiate a dialogue with the agitating in-service doctors on Saturday, 480 in-service doctors resumed duty in the state.With the strike entering the 11th day on Saturday, the state government claimed to have made enough alternate medical services. The medical, health and family welfare department claimed that as many as 4,513 doctors provided medical services in the government hospitals in the entire state during the strike. Khan said among 4,513 doctors, there are 1,682 in-service doctors, 1,001 newly new posted doctors, 163 ESI doctors, 119 medical college teachers, 1,825 other doctors, including from the army, railways, BSF and CRPF. Also, there were 250 interns, who assisted the doctors in providing medical services in the hospitals.Besides, a department official claimed that there are 6,500 in-service doctors out of whom 4,513 provided medical services on Saturday thus making no difference in the service quality even though some medicos are still on a strike.The government authorized 586 private hospitals in the entire state to provide free medical treatment to the patients when the government doctors are on a mass leave. The chief medical and health officers of all the districts are also coordinating with the private hospitals.The official claimed that 1,685 in-service doctors provided medical services to patients in the entire state. Further 480 in-service doctors on Saturday, 308 on Friday, 177 on Saturday, 175 on Wednesday, 56 on Tuesday and 36 doctors on Monday have already resumed their duties.Besides, the government claimed that all 1,001 newly recruited doctors, who were selected by the Rajasthan Health University, have been deployed in the community health services and primary health centres in rural areas of the state. These doctors will get Rs 30,000 with special medical allowance included in it. Before the strike, newly appointed teachers were appointed on Rs16,800 pay. But, now after the doctors' strike, these doctors are paid special medical allowance of Rs 13,200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11322783", "title": "Coal price hike to hit power utilities in state", "text": "KOLKATA: Even as the city partied through the midnight hour to welcome 2012, officials of power utilities--both state-owned and private-spent anxious moments scanning a radical coal price chart spread across 17 bands, fearing that it would push up electricity input costs.Thermal power plants that largely use a mix of different grades of coal may face the price pinch badly. And while private power utility CESC can choose to apply for an interim tariff revision, things are likely to go from bad to worse for the cashstrapped state power utility as the Mamata Bannerjee government doesn't want a hike in power tariff.New coal prices, dearer by 12-15 %, is expected to push up power generation cost by at least 40 paisa per unit. The restructuring followed a shift from \"useful heat value\" (UHV) in determining price to (gross calorific value) GCV-based price mechanism from January 1. While GCV - that measures the amount of heat liberated by carbon and hydrogen in the coal when it is heated - is an internationally accepted pricing mechanism, due to the high ash content in Indian coal, the UHV mechanism was followed that took into account the heat trapped in ash. Typically in Indian coal, GCV is 25% higher than UHV.Against the seven varieties of UHV coal that was available till December 31, 2011, from January 1, coal will be sold in 17 price brands starting from the variety that produces 2,200 kilo calorie to one that produces 7,000 k cal. In between, there are 15 price bands, each at an incremental rise of 300 k cal.While those using coal of B, G and F grades will not be affected as new prices will be either same or lower, those using other coal grades will be majorly affected. Power utilities use a mix of coal grades - particularly of A, D and E grades - where prices are likely to go up the most. \"Even if we want to use more coal of higher calorific value, CIL cannot supply it. So we will be using the same coal but paying more,\" said a utility official.Power officials dismayedKOLKATA:The hike in coal prices from January 1 will hit the power utilities hard. The worst affected will be power units in the east as Coal India Ltd (CIL) will levy 6% extra on coal from Eastern Coalfields Ltd (ECL) as it is a sick subsidiary and listed with the Board for Industrial &amp; Financial Restructuring (BIFR). ECL supplies coal to both CESC and WBPDCL.The restructuring followed an approval to the long-pending proposal by the board of directors at CIL on Friday. Though CIL chairman NC Johan said the new mechanism would have a minimum impact on consumers, he said it would have a positive impact on company's revenue.\"We've ensured that no coal-producing company will lose in revenue due to the restructuring . However, if some company manages to increase the quality of coal produced, it will command a higher price,\" Johan said, adding that the new system does away with the anomalies in pricing of same grade coal produced by different collieries and subsidiaries.Johan claimed that even after the revision, coal price would be 77% lower than the international prices for power, fertilizer and defense and 25% for others.Power department officials expressed dismay. \"The hike should have happened after the coal regulatory authority was set up,\" power minister Manish Gupta said. While 80% of the 20 lakh tonne of coal that WBPDCL purchases each year is sourced from CIL mines, 50% of Cask's requirement of 6million tone per annum.Power secretary Molly De said in the absence of calorie meters, the switchover to the new system would lead to quality concerns on the part of consumers. While Johan claimed that all 81 areas would be equipped with calorie meters, neither the CESC or WBSEDCL officials pointed out that tests would be done at the time of loading and not at the consumer end.A 100% hike in coal prices on February 27, 2011, had led to a 46 paisa hike in unit price of electricity charged by CESC. Though Waseca's power purchase cost has gone up, it has been unable to pass on burden to consumers with the CM refusing to allow any power price hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321475", "title": "Opposed bill before LS vote: TMC MP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress leader and railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has \"strongly condemned\" home minister P Chidambaram's claim that the junior UPA ally is party to the Cabinet decision approving the Lokpal and Lokayukta Bill, 2011 and said he had objected to its provisions in the Cabinet as his party's representative.Two days after the Trinamool Congress's objections led the Congress government calling off the vote on the bill, the minister called for the anti-graft law to be re-drafted to ensure maximum consensus in Parliament. \"This should be done by all political parties engaging afresh in framing an important legislation dealing with corruption,\" he said.Responding to Chidambaram's remarks that Trinamool made known its views about the Lokayukta clauses violating the federal framework only after the Lok Sabha vote, Trivedi said, \"I denounce the reference made by Chidambaram. I strongly condemn it. This is a breach of confidentiality about Cabinet discussions.\"\"Now that the matter is public, I would like to say that I did point out that the title 'Lokpal and Lokayukta' did suggest that the bill was rather different from the Lokpal legislation. I pointed to how difficult it would be to implement its provisions,\" the railway minister said.Trivedi said he had not spoken of the Cabinet deliberations to Trinamool leader and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee . \"I did not mention the discussion even to my leader. I am surprised by the assertion that Trinamool went along with the Lokpal Bill without expressing its reservations,\" the minister said.At a press conference in New Delhi on Friday, Chidambaram had said, \"The draft bill that came to the Cabinet included part three, the Lokayukta and the bill was cleared by the Cabinet in which the TMC minister was present.\"\"I think this is a breach of Cabinet privilege. I spoke for close to 10 minutes outlining my view that the bill be referred to a standing committee again,\" Trivedi said. The suggestion did not find favour in the Cabinet although the railway minister stressed his discomfort with the Lokayukta provisions.The minister said the lesson to be learnt from the events that led to the bill not being considered by the Rajya Sabha as the House was abruptly adjourned is that decisions should not be taken when \"a gun is held to the government's temple.\" He said the haste in which the bill was readied and sent to Parliament resulted in the proposed legislation failing to make grade.\"The full application of Parliament is called for and everyone should be on board. Our approach to the bill should not be party-oriented but we should seek maximum consensus. Let us stop the blame game and admit we made a collective mistake,\" Trivedi said.There should be less secrecy as the decision to circulate a draft of the bill only at the Cabinet meeting that considered the bill was not a good idea, the minister said. \"In the situation that unfolded, there are no winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322678", "title": "Clamour for clean-up", "text": "This agitation showed that it's not easy to bury ghosts of the past. Bhopal saw people taking to the streets to protest against sponsorship of the 2012 London Olympics by Dow Chemicals . Since 1999, when it took over Union Carbide, Dow has become the target of protesters demanding justice for the 1984 Bhopal gas tragedy victims.The gas victims protested against the company, saying they would organise a parallel 'Bhopal Olympics', where the city's disabled would participate, to coincide with the London event. They claimed that \"children with congenital disabilities caused by Union Carbide's poisonous gases\" would be the highlight of 'Bhopal Olympics.'Although protesters have been demanding India's withdrawal from the Olympics, the Indian Olympic Association has declined the request, instead saying that it will \"lodge a strong protest with the International Olympic Committee over Dow Chemicals.\" Nevertheless, a fallout of the protests is that Dow's investments in India have come to a halt, with its global R&amp; D centre at Chakhad near Pune as well as a project in Dahej in Gujarat being put on the back burner.Broom's StickIn 2002, brooms were given to Dow's CEO in Mumbai as part of the Jharoo Maro Dow Ko campaign. Recently, brooms were gifted to Dow Chemical officials in the US and elsewhere", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321116", "title": "Can India revive growth amid global slump?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The last day of 2011 ended on a worrying note for the global economy as Iranian oil minister Rostam Qasemi warned that oil prices could soar to $200 per barrel if the west imposes sanctions on Iran. The statement might be dismissed as hyperbole, but it added one more concern to a world already grappling with a slowdown and a crisis in the Euro zone - and would have surely been noted by Indian policymakers faced with the challenge of getting the engines of growth accelerating again in 2012.International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde has already cautioned about the precarious situation. \"The world economy is in a dangerous situation,\" she said in a recent interview.There is an overwhelming view that Europe must fix its problems and the world needs to provide a helping hand. The G20 must play a leadership role to restore the health of the global economy. There is also a broad consensus that efforts must be made to revive the Doha round of global trade talks by all the leading members of the World Trade Organization .The Indian economy, too, faces huge challenges. Growth slowed from 7.7% in April-June 2011 to 6.9% in July-September, amid talk of policy paralysis. Getting the economy back on a high growth path is imperative. The budget for 2012-13 could provide a window of opportunity, though the surge in the fiscal deficit, from a projected 4.7% to a probable 5.5%, could act as a dampener.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11322641", "title": "Britain cops say sorry to Bidves", "text": "LONDON: A prominent Indian origin British parliamentarian has reassured overseas students over their safety in Britain following a 23-year-old Indian student's murder in Manchester on December 26.\"Overseas students need to be reassured that the UK has taken every possible step to ensure such a tragic event will not happen again,'' said opposition Labour party MP Keith Vaz .Meanwhile, British police investigating the \"horrific\" murder of Indian student Anuj Bidve have offered a \u00a350,000 reward to trace the killer and apologized to the victim's family for delay in informing about the incident after it emerged that they learnt of his death from Facebook.Bidve was shot in the head at point-blank range as he walked with friends near their hotel in Ordsall district of Greater Manchester in the early hours of December 26. The murder is being treated as a \"hate crime\" which may have been racially motivated.Police announced the cash reward of \u00a350,000 late on Friday and said they hoped it would help get the killer caught faster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322672", "title": "Impasse in Imphal, anger in Assam", "text": "Northeast India witnessed some of the most virulent protests this year. In Manipur, there was a record 120-day blockade of a highway - it connects the state with the rest of the country - by Kuki tribals in support of their demand for an administrative district. Then, there was a counter-blockade of the same highway by Nagas opposed to the Kukis.These blockades caused immense misery and hardship to the people, especially those living in the Imphal Valley. They also drew the spotlight on another silent agitation that has been continuing for a long time in Manipur - the one against the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) and the fast by Irom Sharmila Chanu that entered its 12th year on November 5.The year ended with another agitation in North Assam against construction of a mega dam at the Lower Subansiri basin in Arunachal Pradesh. With governments of the two states largely ignoring the agitation, this has now snowballed into an intense movement spreading like wildfire all across Assam.Hard Times During the 120-day blockade in Manipur beginning August 1, cooking gas was sold in black market for Rs 1500 a cylinder and petrol for Rs 250 a litre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11321847", "title": "3 more suicides as new year dawns", "text": "BANGALORE: Three people, including a 20-year-old housewife, committed suicide here on Saturday.In a suspected case of dowry harassment, Mamatha, mother of a 6-month-old boy, hanged herself from the ceiling of her house in Subramanyapura. She and cabbie Raghu had married against their parents' wishes. Mother Neelamma alleged that Raghu's family harassed Mamatha for dowry.Mamatha was found hanging in her bedroom around 6am. Raghu is in Goa on a trip.In another incident, 50-year-old businessman Nanjundaiah was found hanging in his Manjunathnagar residence near Peenya by the family members who returned after a three-day tour. He had incurred huge losses in his business.Forty-five-year-old Hanumanthaiah, who lost one of his legs in a road accident, was found hanging from the ceiling of his residence in Thippenahalli on Saturday. He was depressed as he was unable to find employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11321057", "title": "BSF DG rings in new year with jawans at border", "text": "JAISALMER: Border Security Force (BSF) director general (DG) UK Bansal celebrated new year with the Jawans at the Indo-Pak Border on Saturday.He inspected many border posts of the BSF adjoining the international border and took stock of security arrangements. Prior to this, he had also inspected many border posts adjoining Bikaner on Thursday, checked the security arrangements and motivated the jawans. Rajasthan frontier inspector general KL Meena and other officers accompanied him during the inspection.The DG stayed here on Friday and Saturday. He also visited many border posts adjoining Jaisalmer by helicopter and inspected Bhuttewala, Sakheerewala, Halria, Moomal and Bhagnauarea, went over security arrangements and interacted with jawans, gave new year greetings to jawans and distributed sweets.He returned to the sector headquarters here in the evening at Dabla and inspired jawans at a sainik sammelan.On Sunday, he will witness the demonstration of BSF artillery in the Lathi area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11321684", "title": "Kannada medium school teachers\u2019 stir continues", "text": "DHARWAD: The stir by the teachers of the unaided private Kannada medium schools seeking releasing of grant-in-aid entered 14th day on Saturday.The teachers under the banner of Karnataka State Unaided School and College Teachers' Managements' Association have been boycotting the classes and sitting in dharna in front of the office of the Additional commissioner, Department of Public Instructions since December 17.Speaking to media persons in Dharwad on Saturday, Association president Ravi Jambotikar stated that the State Government was unnecessarily delaying the release of grant-in aid and it had left the teachers in lurch. The State Government in 2007 had sanctioned the grant-in aid to the schools started between 1991 and 1995 but it was not coming through even after the government lifting the ban on release of funds as an austerity measure, he said.Former minister Basavaraj Horatti, Karnataka State High School Teacher's Association, Karnataka State Primary School Teacher's Association, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Partishat (ABVP) and pro Kannada organisations have already extended support to the teachers' agitation.The Association disillusioned by the government's unresponsive attitude will decide the next course of agitation on Sunday.Association secretary Mutturaj Matthikopp said nearly, 8,000 teachers were affected by the government's inaction. He accused the officials of finance department not realizing the hardships faced by the teaching community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11327525", "title": "Inclement weather plays spoiler", "text": "PATNA: New Year began here on Sunday on a note of irritation, annoyance and impatience for prospective revellers as cloudy weather and intermittent rain kept most of them indoors throughout the day.\"The year has started on a most irritating note. More than December 31 night, people here celebrate January 1. It is all spoiled,\" said Anurag Choubey, professor at a city B-school.City's most frequented picnic spot - Patna Zoo - wore a near deserted look. Last year, on New Year day, around 36,000 locals had visited it, but this time only a few thousand visitors thronged the zoo. Kundan Rajak, manager in a private firm, lamented that his family's celebration plan was shattered. \"Children do not want to go out of home. Who will go to zoo in such a condition?\" said Rajak.Kidwaipuri Park, Shivaji Park and Manju Devi Park in Kankarbagh, Rajdhani Vatika Smriti Park near Secretariat, Hardinge Park, Kumhrar Park and various other parks in the city also had a thin crowd.However, a section of youngsters and middle-aged persons were undaunted by the inclement weather. \"New Year is too important an occasion to be spoiled by weather conditions. We have come from Masaurhi with family and friends ,\" said a government staffer, Imbesat Ali, at the zoo.The meteorological condition came as a loss for Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC)-run outing services in Ganga diara and at Gandhi Ghat. \"We had declined as many booking requests as we had accepted,\" said Navin Kumar, a senior BSTDC official. But only around 2000 locals were seen at Ganga diara and at Gandhi Ghat on Sunday, against over 10,000 revellers who had thronged them on Saturday. The authorities were expecting the numbers to increase even further on Sunday.Over 20% people booked to celebrate on the floating restaurant, at Gandhi Ghat restaurant and in Ganga diara have extended their bookings, said a BSTDC official.But not all people were downcast. \"So what if the weather has played spoilsport. We will organize party when it is ok,\" said Kumar Abhinav, a NIT-Patna guy.A large number of people were in a devotional mood on this occasion. They prayed at temples so that all goes well in 2012. Large crowds were particularly witnessed outside Mahavir Mandir, Bari Patandevi and Chhoti Patandevi.However, there is some bad news in store for Patnaites. Patna Met office director Animesh Chanda told TOI on Sunday that inclement weather condition may continue on Monday. \"The onslaught of cyclonic storm 'Thane' in Tamil Nadu has played spoilsport on the New Year. Sudden clouds have enveloped sky in Andhra Pradesh, MP, UP, Bihar and Jharkhand. This condition will prevail till Monday. It will dissipate later on Tuesday,\" Chanda added.The weathermen say that once clouds clear, which is likely from Tuesday, temperature may fall below normal. \"It is difficult to precisely predict dip in temperature. But biting chill may return,\" Chanda told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320827", "title": "PM agrees to give entire mill plot for Ambedkar memorial", "text": "MUMBAI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday gave his in-principle approval to the transfer of the entire Indu Mills land (12.5 acres) free of cost to the state government for the construction of a memorial for Dr B R Ambedkar.An assurance to this effect was given by the PM to an all-party delegation led by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Addressing media after his meeting with the PM, Chavan said, \"A committee comprising officials of the Union ministries of environment and forests, urban development and textiles as well as state government representatives will be formed to resolve the issue related to the transfer of Indu Mills land which belongs to the National Textile Corporation (NTC).\"\"The Shiv Sena-BJP and RPI (A) alliance was gaining momentum. The Congress and the NCP's decision to meet the PM to sort out the issue will help the Democratic Front retain its Dalit votebank ahead of the civic and zilla parsihad elections, which are scheduled for early 2012,\" said a Congress minister.Dr Ambedkar's grandson Anandraj, whose supporters had forcibly entered the mill premises demanding that 12.5 acres of Indu Mills be given for the memorial, was also part of the delegation that met the PM.During the meeting, the delegation also raised the issue of Maharashtra-Karnataka border row. \"The delegation informed the PM about the current situation in villages along the disputed border. The delegation urged the PM to declare Belgaum as a Union territory till the Supreme Court delivers its verdict on the dispute,\" the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11321563", "title": "A bunch of doctors who are more than just healers", "text": "COIMBATORE: This group of doctors stands apart in the crowd of medical professionals. Bound by the spirit of philanthropy, the team of eight city doctors has already conducted eight major surgeries on children with deformities free of cost and have helped three men from the lower income strata, who are bread winners for their respective families, get back to normal living. The expensive surgeries done free of cost by these doctors, helped two girls, who were unable to walk, regain their strength.\"It is an experiment to reach out to the masses and give something back to the society. When I shared this idea, seven of my friends came forward. Apart from conducting the surgeries, we also raise funds to meet the expenses,'' says Dr S Karthik of Global Ortho and Trauma Centre, who started the initiative.Alumni of PSG Medical College, Karthik worked in London and Australia for 15 years before returning to India. It was his initiative that prompted leading plastic surgeon Dr A Raghu, spinal surgeon Dr Karthikeyan, neurosurgeon Dr Balasenthil, physiotherapist Abdul Bari, pediatric surgeon Dr Dharmendra , Dr Senthil Kumar and Dr S Prabhakar to come together and think of undertaking this mission.The group first started visiting slums and those who live in extremely backward areas to conduct awareness programmes and provide general treatment. They used their weekends and morning hours for this. On such trips, they found complicated cases that needed surgery. As money was the only hindrance, the doctors approached their own families and friends to raise the funds.\"We wish to extend more services to the society. The surgeries we conducted so far have cost more than Rs 5 lakh as expense. If philanthropists and corporates in the city are able to help hand, we could do more complex surgeries free of cost. We are in need of bare minimum expenses,'' says Raghu.\"We don't need any money for our work. If a third party could manage funds, that would help many poor people,'' said Karthik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11321217", "title": "Cong not serious about Lokpal: Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on return here from his Seva Yatra from Aurangabad on Sunday told the media at Patna airport said the Lokpal bill could not be passed in the Rajya Sabha as it was a well-orchestrated move by the Congress to put the bill on hold.Nitish blamed the Congress of not being serious on Lokpal. The CM said it was the opposition's right to bring in amendment notice and the same was constitutional. The Congress' claim that the bill could not be passed as the opposition brought amendment notices has nade the party a laughing stock, Nitish said adding that even some partners of the ruling UPA too brought amendment notices.Nitish wondered that although the Lok Sabha session was extended for three more days why the Rajya Sabha was adjourned at midnight. It too could have been given time, the chief minister said. Accusing the Congress of being hand in glove with the RJD, the chief minister said the UPA government had lost its credibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11321832", "title": "RWH audit will begin tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: There could be a nasty surprise just after the dawn of New Year if you haven't installed the rainwater harvesting (RWH) system at your residence. From January 2, officials of the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) will visit every house for an RWH audit. If it's not installed, then the BWSSB officials will take a written undertaking from the owner that the system will be installed before the March 31 deadline.The December 31 deadline was extended by three months after corporators raised the issue at a BBMP Council meeting last week. Though the deadline is March, the water board has decided to go ahead with its planned inspections to drive home the message that it's serious about compliance.\"BWSSB officials will be visiting about 20,000 houses built on plots of 60x40ft dimension and above. Of 55,000 such houses, 35,000-odd have installed the system in the past nine months. The March 31 deadline will not be relaxed further,\" BWSSB chief engineer T Venkatarju said.If the deadline is not met, water and sewerage connections to the buildings will be disconnected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321166", "title": "I will personally work to provide honest and efficient govt: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's new year message on setting up an effective Lokpal seems intended to signal his firm intention to drive policy at a time when the Anna Hazare agitation and a fall in growth have raised questions about the government's ability to respond to crisis and face the opposition's onslaught on corruption cases such as 2G and Commonwealth Games scams.\"I want to assure you...that I will personally work to provide an honest and more efficient government, a more productive, competitive and robust economy and a more equitable and just social and political order,\" Singh said.The declaration reads more like a \"new year resolution\" at a stage when his government has crossed the mid-point of its term in office. The explanatory nature of the message also seems intended to convey a sense of purpose and determination quite contrary to speculation in some quarters about a change of guard in the new year.He said, \"I assure you that I will work with all the energy at my command to ensure we meet these (five areas) challenges and overcome them.\"The Prime Minister focused on economic security and the need for rapid growth and adequate job creation while speaking of tackling \"new forms of corruption that have emerged which need to be eliminated\".\"It is also the demand of the ordinary citizen who encounters corruption all too often in everyday transaction with those in authority,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11321024", "title": "Yemeni national held for possessing 20 kg Kath leaves", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Yemeni national was arrested on Saturday for possessing 20 kilogrammes of Kath leaves, a banned narcotic substance, in Puranapul. These banned leaves, worth Rs 25 lakhs in the international market, were ironically brought to the city by air from Ethiopia.The Mangalhat police said 54-year-old Ahmed Obaid Mansoor was moving suspiciously with a carton loaded with 60 bunches of Kath leaves near Gandhi statue in Puranapul on Friday. He brought the banned leaves to the city to sell them to Somalia and Yemeni nationals residing in the city. Mansoor came to India in June 2011, and joined his wife Sameera, an Indian national who resides in Barkas.During investigation, he told police that he started trading selling the contraband in order to maintain his family. The World Health Organization (WHO) classified Kath leaves as drug of abuse and many countries, including India, banned it. However, Somalia and Yemeni nationals chew the leaves to get a kick,'' Mangalhat inspector G Sridhar told STOI.Police said in Ethiopia the chewing of the Khat leaves is legal. Monsoor procured these leaves from Ethiopia through air and collected it at the cargo centre of Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA). He gave an impression as if the items inside the carton were any other imported edible leaves,'' assistant commissioner of police (Goshamahal) D Srinivas said.He said the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) officials confirmed that the seized material was indeed Kath leaves. A case was booked against Mansoor under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11321067", "title": "Pious gathering", "text": "Gurpurb was celebrated with religious fervor in the city on Saturday. People thronged city gurdwaras in huge numbers. A sea of devotees gathered at Gurdwara Dukhniwaran Sahib as well as Gurdwara Guru Singh Sabha in Model Town. The kirtan gyans in gurdwaras left everyone mesmerized.The rich and the poor divide vanished on this day, and all united to pay tributes to their guru. The highlight was the community food served in gurdwaras. People did not even mind cleaning the utensils, making community food and serving it to people.Amandeep Singh, a businessman and resident of Field Ganj said, \"This is a very auspicious day for us, as our guru was born on this day. We are very grateful to our God for what he has taught and given us.\" Paramjot Kaur, a homemaker and resident of Model Town, said, \"This is a day when we all celebrate together, breaking the barriers of every kind.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11293571", "title": "An image makeover for Vettai cast", "text": "...that's what director Lingusamy promises to give his lead actors with VettaiN Lingusamy's Vettai, produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Thirrupathi Brothers, is expected to redefine the careers of Arya, Madhavan, Sameera Reddy and Amala Paul. Lingusamy is known to give image makeovers through his movies. He changed the image of Madhavan from a chocolate hero to an action hero with Run in 2002. Similarly, he also changed Vishal's from as a lover boy to an action hero with Sandakozhi in 2005 and Karthi's from village boy to a stylish city boy in Paiyya in 2010.With Vettai, he is now attempting to change Arya's image from a lover boy to an action hero and Madhavan's to a comedy-cum-action hero. Similarly, he is also expecting to change the images of his two leading heroes. Amala, who hitherto enacted intense roles in Mynaa and Deiva Thiirumagal and earned a good name as a performing artiste, will be in a flamboyant and glamorous role in the film, sharing the space with Sameera Reddy, who is playing her elder sister's role. Amala is expected to become one of the top commercial film heroines with this film, with the image makeover she achieved with her role.The biggest USP of the film is how Arya and Madhavan boned like brothers both off and on the sets. In the same way, Sameera Reddy and Amala Paul have also acted like real sisters in the film and the chemistry of brothers and sisters is very much visible on screen. Trade talks suggest hat the sibling chemistry on screen will be more talked about rather than that of the lead pairs Madhavan and Sameera Reddy and Arya and Amala Paul.The other highlight of the film is Madhavan enacting the role of a timid police officer, which is comical and entertaining. Hence, there is no separate comedian in the film. He is ably supported by Nasser and Thambi Ramaiya, who also join him in his misadventures. UTV Motion Pictures, which is releasing the film worldwide on the Pongal day, is going all out to market the film and is targeting to release in over 600 screens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "11321351", "title": "Trinamool supporter gunned down", "text": "BURDWAN: A Trinamool Congress supporter Kripa Saha was shot dead by a group of miscreants at Malgramunder Ketugram police station, on Saturday. Trinamool blamed CPM for the murder. No arrests have been made yet.The incident occurred at around 4pm when Kripa, 50, was returning to his village Kandra. A group of six armed miscreants reportedly surrounded him and fired at him. While the miscreants managed to flee, Kripa fell to the ground and died on the spot.Locals rushed to the spot on hearing gun shots and found Kripa bleeding profusely. Ketugram police then took his body to Katwa sub-divisional hospital.Katwa SDPO Jyotirmoy Roy visited the site on getting the news.Trinamool Congress blamed CPM for the murder.Mondal Ajijul, general secretary of Burdwan Gramin Trinamool Congress, said, \"Kripa was a popular leader of Trinamool. CPM has lost its contact in Ketugram and hence has unleashed a reign of terror. It is CPM who has killed Kripa. His body was found near the Malgram canal.An FIR has been lodged by his family. We are yet to get the names of the miscreants.\" CPM leader Achintya Mallick, however, denied the allegations levelled against the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11322106", "title": "Whose parking area is it anyway?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For the past few days, a portion of the parking bays under the flyover at Bakery junction is being used exclusively by the Reserve Bank of India. This has become a cause of worry for motorists who had been parking in the area. Authorities say the arrangement is based on an agreement with the RBI in 2003.After the flyover was inaugurated last year, the large space underneath it was earmarked for vehicle parking with exclusive bays earmarked for cars and bikes. This plan was a relief for the motorists visiting the area. But things have changed.\"The RBI had given their land for constructing the flyover at the Bakery junction. The government had earlier agreed to hand over a portion of the land underneath the flyover to the RBI in exchange for the land acquired\", said vice-president of Trivandrum Road Development Company Limited (TRDCL) Anil Kumar Pandala.But not many are ready to buy this argument. \"In that case will the authorities provide parking space to all those who give their land for public purpose?\" asks Aneesh Kumar, a motorist who is a frequest visitor to the area.The authorities say that had the trade-off agreement with the RBI not been made, the flyover would not have become a reality. \"It was only because of this agreement that the flyover became a reality. They gave their land even compromising their security concerns\", Pandala told TOI.Though the original idea was to landscape the area beneath the flyover with plants and lawns to prevent encroachment, it was later decided to use this area for parking purpose.Meanwhile, the Public Works Department officials say they are unaware of any such agreement between the RBI and the TRDCL, the concessionaire of the City Road Improvement Project (CRIP). \"We are not aware of this matter. We will discuss the matter with TRDCL officials and sort it out\", PWD secretary Manoj Joshi told TOI.Built on 13 concrete piers, the 510-metre-long flyover has an 11-metre-wide carriage-way with concrete crash barriers on both sides. The 14-span bridge is exclusively for vehicles and out of bounds for pedestrians connecting Palayam junction and Thampanoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11322244", "title": "Police vehicles running without no-pollution certificates: RTI info", "text": "SHIMLA: After Himachal Roadways Transport Corporation (HRTC) buses plying without no-pollution certificates, a group of youngsters through information obtained under RTI Act, 2005, have highlighted that most of the vehicles used by HP police department in Shimla, Kullu, Mandi, Hamirpur and Kinnaur districts are running without no-pollution certificates.Kanika Bunker, Suman Kadam and Sunil Jaitley, who are on a mission to create awareness about pollution in the state, said on Saturday, \"Information was sought earlier from regional mangers of 23 HRTC depots in the state and it was discerned that many of the depots did not possess smoke meters and that the buses were plying without the mandatory no-pollution certificates. After this, information was sought from offices of police SP in Shimla, Mandi, Hamirpur, Kullu and Kinnaur about no-pollution certificates for vehicles used by police in the respective areas.\"The information highlights that 99 heavy and light vehicles are in the possession of police in Shimla district and none of these vehicles possess no-pollution certificate.Similarly, in Mandi district, police are using 30 heavy and light vehicles, 56 in Kullu and 29 in Kinnaur, while none of them possess no-pollution certificates. The only exception was Hamirpur where three vehicles of police possess no-pollution certificate, out of the total 36 heavy and light vehicles being used.Besides this, information was sought under RTI about different facilities in police booths in Shimla and it was revealed that out of the total 37 booths, 27 were running without electricity connection while no heaters/heat convectors were provided for persons on duty in the booth in winter season.Taking cognizance of the RTI information, DGP Dr D S Minhas has ordered that no-pollution certificates should be procured within a month for all vehicles used by HP police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11321239", "title": "Boy killed in road accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A class 1 student was killed in a road accident in Ambattur on Saturday. The seven-year-old boy was crossing the road to go to his grandfather's house when a bike hit him. The rider was seriously injured and is in hospital.Police said the child, N Ravindran, was a resident of Padi and studied in a private school. He was crossing the road at 9.15am to reach his grandfather's house in Ayapakkam. He was taken to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital, where he died a few hours later.Poonamallee traffic police registered a case of death due to negligent driving (Section 304a of the Indian Penal Code) and arrested the rider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11293570", "title": "When Maddy turned Editor", "text": "The actor screened, discussed and selected his pick among the story ideas suggested by Team CTJuggling hectic shooting schedules and other commitments, the actor made time to visit the Chennai Times office to be the guest editor for the New Year special edition. \"So, how do you make pages?\" was the first question he shot at the team and after intently listening to us, Maddy slipped into the Editor mode and had a freewheeling chat with us, about everything under the sun! Right from what made Kolaveri Di... a huge success to Suriya's move to the small screen and how most south Indian actresses, unlike their Bollywood counterparts, don't go under the knife, the actor had interesting points of view. The actor keenly follows news and trends, as was evident from the conversation that ensued. Madhavan has several commitments this year - from promoting his Vettai to wrapping up work on Jodi Breakers with Bipasha and piling on weight for his character as the maths whiz Srinivasa Ramanujan. But the actor says he's going on a sabbatical soon.\"I will be spending the New Year in Dubai with my family at my wife's sister's place. And then, I'm planning to go on a sabbatical to Australia from February to June. I've done 50 odd films in my 10-year long career and the films I do in the next three years will decide the course of my career. I don't want to do movies that look repetitive. In fact, every actor goes on a sabbatical after a period. I know that Kamal Haasan sir takes off for at least for a few months once in a while to explore his other creative instincts, like taking up editing or screenplay-writing classes,\" he explains.Even though Maddy has made a mark for himself in Kollywood and Bollywood as a romantic hero, he's clear he can never do an Alaipayuthey or a Minnale again. \"I've to know my strength as an actor and play on it. And I believe that the ability to read a script and gauge if it would work with the audience is my biggest plus point. To be a commercial hero, one has to either dance or sing or have a six-pack. In my honest opinion, I don't possess any of these. I know women find me attractive for both my looks and persona, but I can't afford to play a young lover in all my films. The audience pays to see me and I've to give them back something. Tanu Weds Manu was a solo-hero rom com, but still, the film needed a Kangna to make it work. The challenge is to identify and do films that will not make sense without my character!\" he says.He is awaiting the release of three movies this year, and the first of the lot, Lingusamy's Vettai, will be hitting screens this Pongal. With two more in Bollywood and a Hollywood project in hand, Madhavan is on a roll this New Year!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11322417", "title": "IG: Strengthen mechanism to beat domestic violence", "text": "INDORE: A workshop on Domestic Violence Act was organized here on Saturday. Inaugurating the event, inspector general (IG) of Indore range Anuradha Shankar emphasised the need to strengthen various mechanisms to overcome domestic violence, including active participation of society.\"The police department cannot be changed overnight and therefore people's participation is necessary,\" she said.Senior superintendent of police (SSP) A Sai Manohar said around eight out of 20 cases registered daily are related to women.Advocate Supra Pachauri informed about various Sections under the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act, 2005.Project in-charge of Usha Kiran Scheme Prema Sethi said women, being victimised in any way, could take benefit of this Act along with her children who are below 18 years of age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336844", "title": "Arul\u2019s home run!", "text": "For actor Arulnithi, the Chirstmas-New Year week has been bliss, and how? His latest release Mouna Guru which has won rave reviews from critics, fans and audiences alike, is running to packed halls.Quiz the actor on the the success of the film and he says, \"It is nice to learn that there are about 35-40 theaters more where Mouna Guru is being screened and there is increased number of shows not just in the city, but in other parts of the state as well,\" and goes on to add, \"Earlier, due to Rajapattai's release coinciding with Christmas , Mouna Guru could not be screened in theatres. Now I am pleased that the number of screens have been increased and that the film is doing well. I couldn't ask for anything more this year!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11323112", "title": "I dream of the old glory days of Bihar", "text": "Q. Your clean image and popularity is rare for CMs from Bihar. Many now say they hope to see you as PM some day.I have no interest in moving out (from Bihar) to Delhi, and do not even dream of becoming PM. I am satisfied serving the people of my state. `` Bihar ki seva, desh ki seva hai (The service of Bihar is service of the country). I am a grassroot socio-political worker and my feet are firmly on the ground.Q. Are you satisfied with the performance of your administration?I am a hard task master, not easy to please. And there is so much to work upon still that the day I say I am satisfied, work will come to a standstill.Q. What was the biggest challenge that you faced when you took over as CM?When I took over six years back, Bihar was a lawless state and nothing seemed to move. But I succeeded in establishing the rule of law and people are witness to this enormous change. Problems were aplenty but resources limited. We had to work against many odds, the toughest being the law and order situation.Q. Bihar is still grappling power shortage and lack of foreign investment . How do you plan to address them?We are doing our bit to to create a favourable atmosphere that will bring in big industries soon. Labour migration has been checked. When power generation starts, they (industry) will be attracted. If the Centre accords us special category status, there will be a network of industries in Bihar and investments will flow. We have already changed it from deindustrialization to reindustrialization . We have turned a `Bimaru' state into a healthy state but the medicine for sound health is with the Centre.Q. What are the dreams for Bihar that remain unfulfilled ?If dreams are fulfilled, people will stop dreaming. I have many: improved connectivity between every corner of the state with Patna; to see students and scholars coming back to the old centre of learning, Nalanda, and I dream of the revival of the old glory of Bihar.Q. What would you have been if not a politician?I took an engineering degree and joined the State Electricity Board, but almost halfheartedly. My first day in the office was the last. The political life always interested me. I am not in politics by fluke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11321501", "title": "Anna Hazare to be hospitalized, team defers meeting", "text": "PUNE: Gandhian Anna Hazare will be admitted to Pune's Sancheti Institute for Orthopaedics and Rehabilitation on New Year's Day for chest congestion, backache and cough, ailments that have dogged him even before he began his Mumbai fast.A core committee meeting of Team Anna, scheduled on January 2 and 3 at Ralegan Siddhi, has been put off because of his illness.Senior orthopaedic surgeon K H Sancheti confirmed that Anna needed hospital care and would be shifted to Pune. \" Arvind Kejriwal , core Team Anna member, called me and requested me to visit Ralegan Siddhi to see Anna immediately. Kejriwal said Anna's condition started deteriorating since the morning,\" the doctor said. \"He is suffering from severe backache, cough and weakness. He was also a little drowsy,\" said Sancheti.Sancheti said Anna was on anti-inflammatory drugs, cough syrup and antibiotics and predicted that the 74-year-old activist would need to be in hospital for at least five days.Nashik-based physician Aniruddha Dharmadhikari, who has been treating Anna and was with him during his December 27 fast at MMRDA ground in Mumbai, said , \"Anna was suffering from fever four days before he started his fast. His creatinine level has gone up, which is harmful for the kidney. Anna is known to have hypertension, join pain and breathlessness due to old age.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "a day after the lokpal disruption in the rajya sabha, finance minister pranab mukherjee spoke to pradeep thakur about how the emergence of strong regional satraps is contributing to confusion and hampering the decision-making process. on a warmer note, he hinted at a more 'accommodative' monetary policy ahead and the upa's determination to roll out gen-2 reforms including fdi in retail. excerpts", "code": "11322894", "title": "Civil society movements strengthen democracy", "text": "A day after the Lokpal disruption in the Rajya Sabha, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee spoke to Pradeep Thakur about how the emergence of strong regional satraps is contributing to confusion and hampering the decision-making process. On a warmer note, he hinted at a more 'accommodative' monetary policy ahead and the UPA's determination to roll out gen-2 reforms including FDI in retail. Excerpts:Q. Has dealing with a resurgent civil society become more bothersome for the government than dealing with the Opposition in Parliament?A. It is a good development. Potentially it strengthens our democratic foundations and widens the process of participation in public affairs. It gives voice to the people and is empowering. It contributes to the checks and balances and oversight capacity required in a progressive society. It is welcome so long as it is not disruptive of public life and works in the national interest .Q. What about emergence of strong regional satraps, and pulls and pressures for federal governance? Are they impeding reforms?A. Local aspirations and inadequate resolution of local development issues has helped in the emergence of regional satraps. In the medium to long term, it is good for the development of our democracy and for the maturing of our political systems, including the political parties. In the course of transition, there will be occasional difficulties , with the decision making process becoming a casualty . However, we will overcome this. In a diverse society like ours with multicultural , multi-linguistic , and multi-religious communities living together, it is important that there are enough opportunities for everyone to express their voice and contribute to public life.Q. But is it affecting growth? How do you see the economy performing in 2012?A. Iexpect domestic factors to contribute to a better growth performance in 2012. Both investment demand and consumption demand should improve as monetary policy becomes accommodative with inflation declining to more acceptable levels. If external factors also contribute favourably, we should rapidly recover the loss in growth momentum seen in the current year. We must recognise that in a globalised world, we cannot remain insulated from external developments. We have to be alert to developments around us and take corrective actions in right earnest wherever required . It is likely that weaknesses in the eurozone and slow recovery in the US will persist for some time. Under the circumstances, we need to strengthen our domestic growth drivers . The macro-economic variables for the economy will hopefully be better in the second half of the year 2011-12 than in the first half.Q. What steps have been taken to boost investors' sentiments?A. We have tried to liberalise FDI in retail and would like to build the required consensus to implement it. We would pursue vigorously the legislative initiatives in the financial sector to bring about second generation of economic reforms. We have already announced the new manufacturing policy which would give the required thrust to this sector. We will bridge the policy and regulatory gaps in other sectors as well. With a better macroeconomic environment, all these measures will help in boosting investors' confidence.Q. How will you manage the rising fiscal deficit for 2011-12 ?A. First, I would like to mention that it is not correct that the fiscal deficit will be very high for the fiscal year is not yet over. Yes, there are some concerns on the possible slippage in our indicated fiscal balance for 2011-12 . However, I'm committed to pursuing the path of fiscal consolidation and we will strive to do our best in the coming months through better revenue mobilisation and expenditure rationalisation.Q. Some important issues that would dominate government agenda in 2012?A. First, our developmental agenda, which includes recovery of growth momentum with price stability. Second, taking forward the initiatives launched on unearthing and checking of black money and corruption. Finally, to take forward the agenda on inclusive development , including the initiative on the Right to Food.Q. What can be done to make India corruption-free country, the UPA strategy?A. The government has unveiled a comprehensive strategy to deal with the menace of black money stashed abroad. It is taking all necessary steps so that generation of black money in the country is checked. It is also making best efforts to obtain information about undisclosed assets of Indian citizens stashed abroad, followed up with efforts necessary for the realisation of these assets. Above all, the government is aware that it needs to create an environment where citizens feel that if they stash their money abroad, the law will catchup with them very soon and they will be prosecuted.But to implement this strategy, some steps are required to be taken by the state governments. The under-reporting of the value of real estate transactions, under-reporting of sales in order to evade sales tax, and tampering of electricity connections leading to under-reporting of productions are some of the common examples of areas where state governments are required to take action. At its own end, the Centre has adopted a five-pronged strategy in order to achieve the objectives.And, yes, I wish that the new year will bring happiness and prosperity to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11322299", "title": "Little known party fields mafia don Brijesh Singh", "text": "VARANASI: A lesser known political party - Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party (PMSP) - has decided to field mafia don Brijesh Singh from Saiyyedraja assembly constituency in Chandauli district for the assembly polls. PMSP national president Premchand Bind announced this at a press conference here on Saturday. With this announcement, the speculations regarding Brijesh Singh's association with the ruling Bahujan Samaj Party have come to an end.It may be recalled here that after remaining an absconder for over a decade, this dreaded mafia don was arrested in Orissa in 2008.Since then, he is lodged in jail and several criminal cases are pending against him in different courts of the country.Before Brijesh was arrested, his brother Udaynath Singh alias Chulbul and nephew Sushil Singh had already entered the political arena by becoming an MLC and an MLA on BJP and BSP tickets respectively. After Brijesh was arrested, the lobby backing this don tried to ensure his victory in MLC election on a BSP ticket.But due to some technical reasons, his candidature was withdrawn and his wife Annapurna Singh was fielded in his place and she had emerged victorious.After these developments, the speculations had started that Brijesh would contest the assembly election on a BSP ticket from Saiyyedraja. But the ruling party gave a severe jolt to his family just before the assembly polls. After announcing ticket to Sushil from Sakaldiha assembly constituency, the party cancelled his ticket later, while the candidature of Brijesh from Saiyyedraja was also denied. Though the BSP did not make any formal announcement regarding Brijesh, the announcement of PMSP made it clear that the don failed to get support from the ruling party.This development is also hinting that he is eager to entry in active politics like his arch rival Mukhtar Ansari who had also been sidelined by the BSP after the last parliamentary election. Behind the decision of fielding Brijesh in the assembly elections, the PMSP chief said that all parties are fielding candidates with similar background, hence his party has done nothing wrong.But Bind, who claimed that his party would contest assembly polls alone by fielding candidates in 250 assembly areas, was well aware that technical problems like the ones faced by Brijesh at the time of MLC elections could emerge again.In such a case, Bind said, the party would search other alternative. He said that the list of candidates released by PMSP on Saturday contained 73 names. He said that he would contest from Gyanpur seat in Bhadohi while many well known names of this region would also be in the fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11313988", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor, the new 'Mr Perfectionist'", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor seems to be the new Mr Perfectionist in Bollywood.After Rockstar, the actor is leaving no stone unturned to ensure that every aspect of his upcoming film Barfee is perfect. The actor has thus, taken over the task of shooting his own close ups in the film from cinematographer Ravi K Chandran.A source from the sets of the film informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Since Ranbir plays a mute character, he needed to get his expressions perfect. Through his eyes and other facial expressions Ranbir needed to convey a limitless range of emotions that go from thoughtful to funny. And to capture the exact expressions at the exact time, Ranbir suggested he operate the camera himself on himself.\"The surprising part about this never-before experiment is the fact that Ravi Chandran, who is known to be extremely particular about his domain of activity, actually allowed Ranbir this unheard-of creative liberty.\"That's because Ravi and Ranbir go back a long way. Ravi shot Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Black where Ranbir was an assistant. Coincidentally Black was also about a deaf-and-mute protagonist. So Ranbir and Ravi know how difficult it is to get the right expressions on camera at just the right moment,\" explained the source.When contacted, director Anurag Basu admitted, \"Yes, Ranbir shot his own POV (point of view) shots. Since he plays a deaf-and-mute character it was very important for him to get the reaction shots right.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11321106", "title": "Success by design", "text": "MUMBAI: Since September, there has been a reason to enter the neat, olive green building across the Keneseth Eliyahoo Synagogue at Kala Ghoda rather than just window-shop. On the first floor of the address, which houses designer Sabyasachi's flagship store in Mumbai, is Artisans', an exhibition space for craftsmen who practise folk forms of art.Artisans' is one of the few places in the city dedicated to the promotion of indigenous art and craft. Few stores specialise in Indian crafts. The ones that do often sell mass-produced artefacts that are aimed at tourists.Occasionally NGOs that work with tribal artists, such as Paramparik Karigar, have sales that last a few days. However, there now seems to be a resurgent interest in folk arts and crafts.One indication of this interest is the number of websites selling handicrafts. For instance, Craftsvilla, a site that was launched in April, claims to be the largest marketplace online for handicrafts and clothes and accessories that have been made by traditional artisans. \"We provide a platform where we connect artisans to consumers directly,\" says the site's co-founder, Manoj Gupta.In order to help artisans market their products, Craftsvilla has set up studios in Mumbai and Jaipur, where they are taught about packaging and online presentation. The company plans to set up 20 such studios across the country over the next year. \"We want to bring the story of the artisans alive,\" says co-founder Tirath Kamdar.What makes ventures like this attractive is the growing popularity of e-commerce in India. Gupta says that the success of sites such as Flipkart, which sells 20 products a minute, spurred him and his colleagues to seek venture capital for Crafstvilla. \"We have a seven-billion-dollar market,\" Gupta says. \"That becomes attractive for a venture fund.\"Artisans' is run by Radhi Parekh, who teaches at Ahmedabad's National Institute of Design. Her family owns the building, which had a clearing and forwarding company from which goods were dispatched to the docks nearby. Parekh decided to give the place a new incarnation as \"I felt we needed a centre where people could appreciate and value the crafts which, I feel, if not given sufficient patronage, could easily disappear\". She was inspired by her days as a student at NID in the 1980s, an \"exciting time to the see the finest of textiles\" at festivals organised by Pupul Jayakar, who did much to promote indigenous art after Independence.The centre will have exhibitions throughout the year of folk craft as well as design that re-imagines the traditional in contemporary ways. So Artisans' has hosted Kala Raksha, an NGO that works with Kutchi embroiderers as well National Institute of Fashion Technology graduate Padmaja Krishnan, who makes innovative use of textile. Once a quarter, the centre will have a curated show.The next one, in February, is a show of Mata ni Pachedi, a Gujarati art form that involves painting a piece of cloth with the figure of the mother goddess.These efforts to promote crafts have come at a time when folk painting is ascendant. Last year was something of a breakthrough year for indigenous art, in particular Gond and Warli art. Sotheby's sold the painting Landscape with Spider by the country's most famous Gond artist, Jangarh Singh Shyam, for Rs 14.5 lakh. (Shyam committed suicide in 2001 when he was on a residency in Japan.)In April 2010, Jyotindra Jain, a leading scholar of folk art, curated a show of tribal art at the Musee du Quai Branly in Paris . And in November, Anupam and Lekha Poddar, whose personal art collection is displayed at Devi Foundation in Delhi, had an exhibition of vernacular art.The India Art Fair in Delhi in January 2012 will host Herve Pedriolle, a French gallerist who specialises in tribal art. Delhi also has two galleries devoted to folk art, Meena Varma's Arts of the Earth and Tulika Kedia's Must Art Gallery.\"When I opened the gallery I was quite sceptical,\" Varma says. \"A lot of people don't even know about the different kinds of folk art. If a painting is over Rs 1,000, they feel it's too much. Surprisingly, I've had a very good response.\"Varma also sells handicrafts. But these, she says, are harder to sell. She reckons that's because people don't have showcases-glass-fronted cabinets in which figurines and odd knick knacks are displayed-in their homes any more. But Varma is optimistic that the art market's new-found interest in folk painting will benefit crafts, some of which need urgent rescuing from the brink of extinction.The efforts to promote traditional crafts have come at a time when folk painting is on an ascendant. Last year was a breakthrough year for indigenous art, in particular Gond and Warli art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11322162", "title": "Activist wants govt to ban Made Snana", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka State Hindulida Vargagala Jagrutha Vedike president KS Shivaramu has not given up his fight after he was assaulted at Kukke Subrahmanya Temple for opposing Made Made Snana. On Sunday, Shivaramu will be in the city to garner support for his movement and demand the government to ban the ritual.Shivaramu had said that he will continue his fight against the tradition and has been organizing programmes to gather support to ban the ritual. \"We have already held discussions with progressive organizations in Davangere, Shimoga, Mandya, Channarayapatna, Mysore, Bangalore, Chitradurga, Gulbaga and Bellary to drum up support for banning Made Snana ritual,\" Shivaramu told STOI.\"On January 7, more than 25 progressive mutt heads including seers from Tontadarya Mutt, Yediyoor Mutt, Murugarajendra Mutt and Kaginele mutt will attend a convention at Bangalore to urge the state government to ban Made Snana,\" he added.Made Made Snana ritual is not restricted to Kukke Subrahmanya Temple alone. On Friday, it was held at Nagalamadike Subrahmanya Temple near Pavagada in Tumkur district. The ritual was also performed at Kukke Subrahmanya on the occasion of 'Kiru Shashti'. Devotees who could not perform Made Made Snana during 'Shasthi' (held on the last week of November) perform it during 'Kiru Shashti'.Another opponent of the ritual, Harihara Ananda Swamy, honorary president of Dalita Hindulida Alpasankyatara Samanvaya Vedike termed the ritual as abhorrent and criticized the government for not taking steps to ban it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "tarakeshwar", "code": "11321415", "title": "Chaos at hospital after woman diagnosed with HIV", "text": "TARAKESHWAR: Confusion ruled Tarakeswar Rural Hospital after a woman who had come for a tubectomy surgery was diagnosed with HIV positive during the blood test at the integrated counselling testing centre of the camp on December 30. Tubectomy is surgical procedure for permanent contraception to prevent future pregnancies in women.The diagnosis left the counsellor Piu Mukherjee so startled that she immediately called up the block medical officer (health) Dr Saswata Barenya, who rushed to the hospital after informing the health department. The department also reacted strongly with socio-medical significance of such cases.Additional chief medical officer (health) of Hooghly Dr Jagannath Mondal also rushed to the hospital. He also picked up district medical officer (Dhaniakhali) Dr Tanmoy Ghosh on his way to the hospital.The woman was separated from the group that queued up for tubectomy and was taken to the operating theatre. The surgery was done using the mini-lab process. The woman was taken to the operation theatre where Dr Mondal and Dr Ghosh carried out the surgery on her following the mini-lab process.The doctors used disposable instruments and wore anti-flash goggles, surgical gowns, special masks etc and special surgical aprons to prevent contamination. Doctors remained anxious till the surgery was over.It took 10 minutes to complete the surgery succefully. After the operation, the woman was sent to her home in Tarakeswar block.The block medical officer Saswata Barenya said that the husband of the woman was the carrier of the virus. He had infected the woman. The incident left a wide area in Tarakeswar nervous.According to Dr Barenya, in Tarakeswar, Chanditala, Khanakul (I&II;), Goghat and Pandua there has been a rapid growth in the number of HIV positive patients in the surrounding areas. TNNIt is high time such growth rate is reversed.Tarakeswar Block Development officer have decided to carry out a thorough investigation into this sudden spurt of HIV infected patients in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11322278", "title": "Traffic woes may lessen from today", "text": "VARANASI: A new traffic plan was finally approved by district magistrate Ravindra and DIG Ram Kumar following some amendments on Saturday, the last day of 2011. However, due to promulgation of model code of conduct in view of assembly polls, this plan can be implemented only partially for now.The DM and the DIG said that the new traffic plan would become effective with the commencement of new year, but many components of this plan need major construction works, which cannot be started due to model code of conduct. Thus, the entire plan would become come into effect only after the assembly poll. However, the proposals made for enforcement of traffic rules would become effective immediately.Before approving the plan, the DM and DIG held a meeting with the members of committee - headed by ADM (City), M P Singh, it had submitted a plan after two months of deliberations - at Vikas Bhawan on Saturday. While discussing the one-way traffic arrangements proposed for over 20 roads, the DM and DIG advised certain amendments. For example, the DM advised change in vehicular movement on Andhrapul-Nadesar-Cantonment Road, and to divert all the vehicles towards Ghausaba-Chawkaghat from Nadesar to avoid congestion at Andhrapul Crossing. After this amendment was approved, the remaining one-way traffic arrangements were approved.Meanwhile, the traffic cops expressed their concern over the lax attitude of local commuters who keep violating the one-way system. On this, the senior officials proposed to introduce tyre-busters on spots where the problem of traffic code violation is more rampant. The traffic police were also asked to arrange for lifters at these spots to remove the vehicles after their tyres are burst.The DM also ordered that if anyone below the age of 16-year is found driving a vehicle then their vehicle would be seized. He also issued an advise to the locals not to provide geared motorcycles to boys between 18-20 years in age.Apart from this, the DIG issued certain orders to streamline the traffic management in the city. SP (City) M S Chauhan was asked to make the provision of traffic duty in the daily duty chart of all police stations. He said that at least three policemen should stay on the busy roads during peak hours to assist the traffic cops in controlling the traffic.Reportedly, when the Varanasi Nagar Nigam showed hesitation in launching a massive anti-encroachment drive citing model code of conduct, the DM asked the municipal commissioner to send him a letter to seek his orders for continuing such a drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11293568", "title": "The telly transition", "text": "The small screen continues tp beckon stars from tinseltownFirst, it was Amitabh Bachchan. Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan followed suit soon after. And now, the latest star to join the TV bandwagon down south is actor Suriya. The medium of television seems to be basking in the glory of their choice of the seasoned actors from cinema. From the looks of it, it seems like this trend is here to stay. So, what exactly goes into making it big on TV? Acting in a television series is one thing and hosting it is a totally different ball game. Actor Madhavan , who's dabbled with the medium himself, says, \"Television is a double-edged sword, it can expose you and your flaws as a host. A good host must be able to think on his feet, react spontaneously and entertain people. Basically, he cannot come across as the star on screen.\" Television is an excellent source of revenue too, in addition to films, for stars. \"An actor can do just one or two films in a year. Being on TV ensures that the audience connect is not lost,\" he adds.The same holds true for actresses who migrate to the small screen. Lakshmi, a character artist who's venturing into the small screen, says, \"One of the reasons why actresses take to the small screen after they raise a family, is to manage time their time better. Schedules on TV are more predictable as it is similar to a regular 9 to 5 job. That way, actresses can balance work and family. Also, you don't live with the regret that you are creatively unsatisfied.\" SCREEN SHEEN Khushbu Simran Devyani Sarath Kumar Nadhiya Lakshmi Suhasini Anu Haasan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11323091", "title": "All Indians have the same genes", "text": "Q. The study of Indian ancestry that you did along with the former CCMB director Lalji Singh and two US researchers was published in Nature in September 2009. It is said to have rewritten the history of Indian population...It established through genomic analyses that people in north India were no different from those in the south and that all shared the same genetic lineage . It also established that people of north and south were part of the same culture. We analyzed over 500,000 genetic markers across diverse groups, including the traditional \"upper\" /\" lower\" castes and tribal groups and proved that there was no difference between tribal populations and castes, and it was impossible to make a distinction between them.Q. Is the study being taken forward now? What are the findings that will come out in 2012?We are working at breakneck speed. The study done so far was the background work and we will be going public with findings in 2012 that will be futuristic with a more immediate, practical connect with the healthcare sector and people in general. We are at a stage where we can discuss the basis of getting a particular disease. It is the genetic difference that makes one vulnerable or resistant to a disease such as malaria or even HIV. The finding may not yield a cure but prevention such as a pre-natal diagnostic test would be able to determine a child's vulnerability to certain diseases. Genome-based medicine is a possibility in the future. It would also help doctors decide if certain drugs should be used on individuals.Q. Would it improve our understanding of diseases?The findings in 2012 would enable an understanding of the genetic factor associated with diseases, particularly those that are seen only in India. Our studies have found population-specific , region-specific and Indiaspecific medical conditions. Madras motor neuron disease is one, named so because it's found in the Chittoor-Tirupati-Chennai corridor. Or the entire short-statured with bone abnormality population of Handikudu in Karnataka is another example of a region-specific medical condition.Our findings in 2012 will explore whether Europeans contributed to the Ancient North Indian or vice versa. We will come up with a definitive answer to this question. We will also find out how nature affects the genome, the changes that undergo in the genetic makeup of a population set to adjust to climatic conditions.Q. Is there any particular medical condition better understood now with the help of this study?Cardiomyopathy is one. It's a heart muscle disease found rooted in a genetic mutation that exists in 4.5 % of the Indian population. We found it in Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Indonesia and Malaysia. We didn't find it elsewhere in the world. We traced the mutation to 33,000 years ago in India. Since the Indian population remained isolated (few marriages with other nations), the disease exists in the Indian subcontinent and South Asia. And this finding has an inter-linked revelation : 50% South Asians have Indian ancestry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11321677", "title": "Son stabs to death 62-year-old father", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 62-year-old retired employee of information department was found stabbed to death allegedly by his son at his residence late on Saturday evening. The victim was identified as Sunderlal, a resident of Sector 11, Rajajipuram in Talkatora area.Strangely, the police came to know about the incident only when Sunderlal's brother Kanwarlal, a resident of E-block, also in Rajajipuram had gone to lodge a complaint of missing with the police about Sunderlal and his son Anil Kumar , as the house was locked while the two were not seen for the past two days.An investigating officer reached the house of Sunderlal and broke open the locks of the house only to find Sunderlal lying in a pool of blood with around half-a-dozen deep gashes. The police got suspicious of the son's role as he was missing from the house, while his blood stained clothes were found lying in the house itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321139", "title": "In city, Kalam steals the heart of students", "text": "JAIPUR: \"I was born with potential and confidence...I fly, I fly, I fly in the year 2012,\" quoted missile man of India APJ Abdul Kalam from his latest poem during the valedictory function of National Children's Science Congress-2011. The five-day event was organized by department of science and technology and co-hosted by Jaipur National University (JNU).The former president received a thunderous applause from nearly 4,000 people including 600 young scientists at 10.15am, students from different schools, teachers and delegates from different states on his arrival.He started off his key note address in a different style. He said, \"Hello Hello 1, 2, 3....can you hear me children...namaskar.' The entire hall echoed with thunderous reply 'Yes, Sir'.He spoke on how Science can enhance creativity. Citing the examples of great inventors and discoverers, he exhorted the potential scientists to give wings to their dreams, fly high and make their own mark. During his speech, many a times he asked students to recite his poems. He kept students thinking while throwing puzzles and questions.He administered an oath to all present, eliciting their promise to work selflessly and single-mindedly towards creating harmonious homes, orderly societies and a peaceful nation.Then come the most sought-after 'question and answer' session. Kalam invited ten students but to his surprise students from all quarters ran towards the dais. However, due to time constraints, he could attend to only 11 questions.Thereafter, he headed towards another jam-packed gathering of students at India International School in Mansarovar. Here, the question and answer session lasted for an hour. Third year student of ICG, Abeer Ahmed, asked as what would be your challenge as a President if India would have been a developed nation? He candidly replied, \"To contribute in maintaining that position (developed) and further to progress in that direction.\" Here he asked students that 'aspiring small aim is crime.'\"You must dare to see big dreams which turns into thoughts and becomes reality.'He attended his last session at Malaviya National Institute of Technology (MNIT) where 2,500 students attended the function. He was asked many science-related questions to which he gave candid replies.Do you still expect that India can be superpower in 2020? He replied no one will be the superpower in next eight years. \"I think we will be more economically stable.\"Corruption was also on the minds of students. Vivek Gupta of MNIT asked what students can do to make India free from corruption? He said, \"I will reply only when students promise to follow my given path.\" Students raised their hand then he replied, \"Let students take a pledge to stop corruption happening at their homes. Lets discourage those family members of your family involved in any form of corruption.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11322220", "title": "2011 proves tough for district education department", "text": "VARANASI: The 2011 year proved tough for the district education department. The efforts to recruit teachers in government primary and upper primary schools after the declaration of TET results proved insufficient as the department could fill only 107 posts against the requirement of 2,500 teachers. The delay in distribution of free books (up to upper primary level) also hampered studies for most part of the year.It may be mentioned here that Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), a national flagship programme to provide quality elementary education to all children in the age group of 6-14 years through a time-bound approach, forms the basis for implementation of Right To Education (RTE) Act that calls for free and compulsory education to children in that age group.Basic shiksha adhikari Suryabhan said the process of inviting applications for the recruitment of teachers in government primary schools is on and hopefully, adequate number of teachers (as per requirement) would be ready to serve in the next academic session.Similarly, the establishment of primary and upper primary schools as per the objective of RTE Act would be also completed to meet the norm, he added.As per records of basic education department, there are 1,032 primary schools and 352 upper primary schools in the district. The officials of basic education department also admit that addition of new schools particularly in the urban belt is a difficult task due to non-availability of land.According to the norms, there should be a government-run primary school for a population of 300 at a distance of every one kilometre, and an upper primary school for a population of 800 at every two kilometres.However, if the records of education departments are to be believed, the girls of 381 villages in the district have to cover a distance of more than five kilometres to get education of upper primary level while the girls of 963 villages cover this distance to get secondary level education.There are 1,289 villages in the district with 2,14,280 boys and 1,67,420 girls at primary level. The number of upper primary students is 1,61,231 (91,198 boys and 70,033 girls) in these villages. Besides, there are 1,34,886 students (74,322 boys and 60,564 girls) of secondary classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11322518", "title": "Sangam city spreads its arms to greet 2012", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city sunk into a celebratory mood on New Year's Eve to welcome 2012. While several markets were decked up for the new dawn, many people were seen decorating their homes for a happy beginning to 2012. Another reason for joy is that the first day of the New Year is falling on Sunday, a holiday for many.\"Since the first day of 2012 is Sunday, we have arranged a grand party for our family members. Besides food, there would exchange of gifts too,\" said Aatish. From sweat T-shirts to pullovers and Jeans to fancy goggles, all are in great demand for the New Year parties. This has also provided us excuse to buy the latest clothes, he added.\"I am hurrying up to buy some more designer stuff to keep my self warm as I party hard on New Year's Eve,\" said Shobhita, a student.The weeklong celebrations from Christmas to New Year are being held at various restaurants and clubs in the city.Given the chilly conditions, most of the garment shops selling designer jackets, overcoats and sweaters have either run out of stock or have sought further supplies. People were also seen buying flowers and greeting cards. Likewise, various restaurants have also decked up to welcome their customers by offering rebate and surprise gifts and cuisines. \"New Year is the best time for us to offer something new to the customers and we are making the most of it,\" said city-based restaurant owner Raju Jaiswal.But on the New Year's Eve, traffic jams were seen at major crossings as revelers came out on the roads. Though the traffic department had deployed constables at prominent crossings, overcrowding of vehicles and haphazard parking added to the chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11321278", "title": "Akola drug store licence suspended", "text": "AKOLA: Food and drugs administration (FDA) suspended the licence of local Rajeshwar Medical stores for two months after the proprietor was found selling abortion pills without doctor's advise, FDA sources said.A total of 16 abortion pills were purchased from local Padiya Medical Agency on November 9 to be stocked in the medical store. Of these, five pills were sold. The proprietor of the medical store had earlier purchased another stock of such pills from KT Saoji Medical Agency on October 1.As the FDA conducted a raid on Rajeshwar Medical Stores, no stock of these pills was found in balance. To add to this, the store manager had not made entries of the pill sale in his computer.FDA sources informed that the proprietor of the store had violated rule 65(3) and 65(9) of drugs and cosmetics regulation 1945. The raid was carried out as per the instructions issued by district collector Parimal Sinh. The district administration is keeping a tab on local medical stores and doctors in an attempt to reduce female foeticide.It may be recalled that the action was also taken against Rajeshwar Medical Store on November 24. Some sonography centers in the city were also sealed for violating the norms and provisions of PCPNDT Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321651", "title": "President nod to MP cow slaughter bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a departure from past practice in dealing with politically sensitive issues in BJP states, President Pratibha Patil gave her assent to the Madhya Pradesh Prohibition of Cow Slaughter (amendment) Bill 2010 meant to raise the quantum of punishment for offenders and shift the burden to prove innocence to accused.The amended Bill - Madhya Pradesh Govansh Vadh Pratishedh (Sansodhan) Vidheyeal 2010 - was sent for Presidential assent last year. In the past, the Centre has been chary of clearing \"hindutva related\" issues referred by BJP ruled states.Under the amended Bill, which is the improvised version of the existing Prohibition of Cow Slaughter Act 2004, the punishment for cow slaughter will be at least a year and maximum seven years along with fine of Rs 5,000. Earlier, the punishment for such an offence was three years of imprisonment or fine of Rs 10,000 or both.The amended legislation has also made the provision of punishment for offences like storing or transporting beef with a minimum term of six months, which can be extended up to three years.The 2004 law had not spelt out any minimum jail term for such an offence, making it possible for offenders to get away with their crime by paying stipulated fine. Besides the BJP-ruled MP cow slaughter and storing or transportation of beef are currently banned in other states like Gujarat , Chhattisgarh and J&amp;K.; Officials, privy to the development, said the MP Bill had got Presidential assent as it was just an 'amended legislation' unlike the Karnataka Bill which was a newly drafted legislation that was passed by the state Assembly only last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11321612", "title": "Three held for school trustee\u2019s abduction", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of crime branch officials arrested three youths for plotting the abduction of a school trustee in Odhav on Saturday. The victim was kidnapped in November and was later released after payng the ransom of Rs 10 lakh.Babubhai Patel, a resident of Odhav and trustee of Uma Vidyalaya near Nikol, was abducted from near his residence on November 16. The abductors later called up his residence and asked for ransom of Rs 10 lakh. After the ransom was paid, they released Patel the following day.Patel was in a great shock and was not ready even to approach the cops. However, after a fortnight, he lodged a police complaint. The case was handed over to the city crime branch.\"On the basis of technical evidences, we deducted that Patel was indeed abducted and the money had changed hands. We thus launched the manhunt for the accused and later came to know that one of the teachers at Patel's school was involved,\" said a crime branch official.On Saturday, a team of crime branch officials led by inspector R R Sarvaiya arrested Chirag Patel, Ronak Patel, both residents of Nikol, and Chetan Patel, a resident of Thakkarnagar in Bapuangar, from Amba Mata temple on Naroda Patiya road.\"Chirag worked as a teacher at Uma Vidyalaya. He along with his friend Chetan had incurred heavy debt from their dealings in Cricket betting and stock market trading. Hence, Chirag plotted about Patel's abduction and also included his brother-in-law Ronak in the scheme. The trio then contacted others for the job and committed the crime,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11328289", "title": "Anna Hazare's supporters pray for his health at Rajghat, Narendra Modi wishes him speedy recovery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Supporters of ailing Anna Hazare today held a prayer meeting at Rajghat for his health and resolved to make Jan Lokpal a reality this year.Volunteers and other members of India Against Corruption converged at Rajghat here and prayed for Hazare, who is admitted to a private hospital in Pune after suffering from a chest infection.\"A spiritual start of the year at Rajghat by joining IAC volunteers in prayer for Anna's health and Resolve to make JLPB (Jan Lokpal Bill )happen,\" Bedi, who was also present at the prayer meeting, said.It is almost a ritual for the Gandhian to visit Rajghat before starting a fast.Hazare was admitted to the hospital last night after he was down with viral infection and is being monitored by a team of doctors.After examining his health, the doctors said they have advised Hazare not to fast at least for the next one month till there is some improvement in his health.The doctor also said Hazare needs \"complete rest\" now and that his aides have been asked not to disturb him.Narendra Modi wishes speedy recoveryMeanwhile, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi today wished Anna Hazare a speedy recovery after the veteran was hospitalised last night with chest infection.\"Praying for the good health of Anna Hazareji. Hope he gets well soon...,\" Modi said on the social networking site Twitter here today.Hazare, who led the movement on Lokpal bill against the Union government had stirred controversy in April last year when he praised Modi for the work done in Gujarat and suggested that other chief ministers should emulate him.However, Hazare did a u-turn on his visit to Gujarat on May 26 last year and criticised the state government over allegations of scams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321020", "title": "Godman booked for molesting minor", "text": "NAGPUR: Hudkeshwar police arrested a self-styled Godman on Saturday after a 12-year-old victim approached police with a complaint of molestation.Ghanshyam Kokode apparently had made undue advances towards the seventh standard girl and also urged her to engage in domestic chores at his and a friend's place.Meenu (name changed) was introduced to the so-called Baba' whom her mother used to visit. Police said that Meenu's father, who is in the security of the mayor at Nagpur Municipal Corporation, had an objection regarding his daughter meeting Kokode. This had also created a rift between the couple.Meenu's father had approached Hudkeshwar police with the complaint but no one paid any heed. He later contacted social worker Nutan Rewatkar to intervene in the matter. She said that the police was trying to ignore the issue on some pretext or the other.Meenu, speaking to TOI, said that the Baba used to tell her to send messages to him and also touched her at wrong places. \"I was also asked to clean rooms and work in the kitchen. The Baba also sent me to work at his friend's place. My mother knew about my plight but she did not protest,\" said Meenu.Social worker Rewatkar said that she had also complained before the senior officer about the manner in which the complainant was misled and threatened at the police station.Police said that the Baba has also been booked under the Juvenile Justice Act for torturing the girl mentally and physically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322181", "title": "MP journalism university to have Narada, Bharat Muni and Patanjali chairs", "text": "BHOPAL: Defining Narada, Bharat Muni and Patanjali as great communicators, the National Journalism University in BJP- ruled Madhya Pradesh has set up three different chairs in the name of these sages to study \"Indian Communication traditions\".\"We have advertised for setting up a Bharat Muni Peeth, a Narad Muni Peeth and 'Patanjali Peeth'. The decision was taken by the university's academic council\", an official spokesman of Makhanlal Chaturvedi National Journalism University told the TOI.A sage from the Vaishnava tradition, Narada Muni had a prominent profile in a number of puranic texts, especially in the Bhagvata puran and in the Ramayan. Narada is also portrayed as a travelling monk with an uncanny ability to visit distant places.Bharat was an ancient Indian dramatist who authored the Natya Shastra, a theoretical treatise of ancient India, dated between roughly 400 BC and 200 BC. Indian dance and music find their roots in the Natyashastra.Patanjali is a famous grammarian who wrote the commentary on Panini's Ashtadhyayi and complied the Yoga Sutras, the classical text on Raja Yoga. The Mahabhashya symbolises the perfection of the discipline in grammar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321449", "title": "Prodyut Deka to make film on child psychology", "text": "GUWAHATI: Young filmmaker Prodyut Kumar Deka has announced that he would make a new film on psychology of children in 2012.Addressing the media here on Saturday, Deka said he will start shooting for his new movie titled \"Surjasta\" from April next year. \"In very few films, the mental status of children have been highlighted. To be shot at purely urban locations of Guwahati, Surjasta is on a girl who is a sufferer of a complicated lifestyle. Differences surface between her parents and they hardly try to understand what was going on in their child's mind. She becomes a mere spectator of the tussle,\" he added.He said the film is an effort to screen the reality of families where quarrels affect the children. The one-and half-hour-long movie doesn't have any songs.Deka was adjudged the best director at the State Film Awards, 2009, for \"Dhunia Tirotabor\". Popular Assamese artists Kapil Bora, Angoorlata, Mrinal Das, Debashish Goswami would act in various roles of the film. Child actor Rodali would play the girl child. The movie would be released before Durga Puja next year.Story writer of the film Jitumani Bora said the impact of extra marital affairs of the girl's parents affects the child. \"The film portrays how differences between parents hamper mental and physical development of children. How the materialistic world affects kids would be portrayed in the film. It is an initiative to highlight a subject on which no many films have been made so far,\" said Bora.Veteran actor Bidyut Chakrabarty and actress Akashitora will play two special roles in the film. Kishore Giri is the music composer of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11322207", "title": "86-year-old's quest to find long-lost brother", "text": "SIRSA: The release of 32 Indians from Pakistan jails last month could not get any good news for Suraj Bhan, 86, who is a resident of Ellenabad. His younger brother Madan Lal went missing 44 years ago, and the Indian high commission in Pakistan had confirmed Madan's presence in a jail there.With tears rolling down his eyes, Suraj Bhan said, \"Give me some information about Maddi (Madan Lal). I want to meet him before I die.\"Recalling the day when destiny snatched Suraj's brother from him, he said, \"On May 2, 1967, I and Madan were on our way to Sirsa when he (Madan) disappeared in the blink of an eye. He has not been traced since. A missing report was lodged on June 24, 1967, but the police failed to crack the mystery.\"According to the communication by Indian high commission, Madan Lal crossed the borders illegally and was put in Bhavnaga jail of Pakistan.Suraj said, \"After many letters to the human rights commission and Pakistan's high commission, only one reply was received in 1984, which confirmed that Madan was put behind bars. The reply mentioned that he was however untraceable at that time.\"Suraj Bhan said he spent many sleepless nights trying to discover a way to bring his brother back home. \"MP of Sirsa Dr Ashok Tanwar assured me that he would bring up the issue in the parliament,\" he said.\"I am completely shattered. I cannot locate a cloud with a silver lining. Name of Sarbjeet might have echoed through the parliament many times, but nobody thought of locating my brother in Pakistan,\" he cried.Meanwhile, the Sirsa MP could not be contacted but officials at his camp office confirmed that Suraj Bhan had met with the MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11322221", "title": "Haryana cold as 2012 arrrives", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana prepared to celebrate the arrival of 2012 with the minimum temperature on Saturday ranged from 2.7 to 5.8 degrees celsius in various areas of the state. Hisar saw the low of 2.7 degrees C. It had witnessed 0 degrees C on Monday.Sunlight provided relief to locals, though the temperature was 5 degrees below normal.Meanwhile, heavy fog was reported on Hisar-Rohtak-New Delhi national highway. There was thin attendance at government schools across Hisar.Heavy fog coupled with low temperature added to woes of motorists on Ambala-Karnal-Panipat-Sonipat stretch of Ambala-New Delhi national highway.There were a dozen accidents because of poor visibility, which claimed three lives. People headed for hill stations could be seen sitting at various dhabas waiting for the fog to lift.In Karnal and Ambala, minimum temperature of 5.7 degrees C was recorded during early hours of Saturday. In Rohtak, the temperature was 5.8 degrees C. Sources said Haryana police issued an advisory for avoiding night driving on national highways.\"We have put up reflectors in accident-prone areas. This is in addition to making special arrangements of night-queue shelters at various places so that vehicles can halt,'' an official of district administration in Panipat said.\"The shelters are mainly for roadside vendors or poor people, but officials have been asked to accommodate motorists also,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11323946", "title": "Republic Day: Over 150 CCTVs to keep watch on the parade route", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to thwart any possible terror strike, Delhi Police will enhance CCTV surveillance between Rajpath and Red Fort and monitor every movement from the police headquarters in the run up to Republic Day celebrations next month.The entire CCTV coverage will also be linked to the C4i at Delhi Police Headquarters and monitored there by a dedicated team of officers.Keeping a bird's eye on the public to ensure no suspicious movement goes unnoticed, 162 CCTVs will be installed across the eight-km route of the Republic Day parade from Rajpath to Red Fort, when people get a kaleidoscopic view of the country's military might and cultural diversity.This means an extra 60-70 CCTVs will be installed this year compared to last year's preparations, a senior police official said.The move comes against the backdrop of terror attack outside the Delhi High Court on September 13 and the subsequent smashing of an Indian Mujahideen module by Delhi Police.\"Of the 162 cameras, 96 will have pan-tilt-zoom (PTZ) and day/night colour zoom lens. The system will have a digital video recorder as well. The CCTVs will be installed on the route from January 17,\" the official said.He said 112 CCTVs, including 75 PTZ cameras will be installed in and around Rajpath and the street leading to ITO from India Gate.Eighteen CCTVs will be installed on Rajpath from where President Pratibha Patil and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh along with other dignitaries will watch the parade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11322193", "title": "Cotton destroyed in fire", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cotton worth lakhs was destroyed as fire broke out at a factory in Bhuna near Faridabad on Friday late night. Workers at Linkan Industries said sparks rose from a machine which fell on cotton bales lying nearby, and the fire soon engulfed the whole area. Timely action by fire-fighters saved further damage to the factory.Man crushed to death: An unidentified hermit was crushed under the tyres of a truck near Bhattu road in Sirsa on Saturday. The truck driver managed to flee with the vehicle. Police registered a case against the unidentified driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322323", "title": "Journalism university to have Narada, Bharat and Patanjali chairs", "text": "BHOPAL: Defining Narada, Bharat Muni and Patanjali as great communicators, the National Journalism University in the BJP- ruled Madhya Pradesh has set up three different chairs in the name of these sages to study \"Indian Communication traditions\".\"We have advertised for setting up a Bharat Muni Peeth, a Narad Muni Peeth and 'Patanjali Peeth'. The decision was taken by the university's academic council\", an official spokesman of Makhanlal Chaturvedi National Journalism University told the TOI.A sage from the Vaishnava tradition, Narada Muni had a prominent profile in a number of puranic texts, especially in the Bhagvata puran and in the Ramayan.Narada is also portrayed as a travelling monk with an uncanny ability to visit distant places.Bharat was an ancient Indian dramatist who authored the Natya Shastra, a theoretical treatise of ancient India, dated between roughly 400 BC and 200 BC.Indian dance and music have found their roots in the Natyashastra.Patanjali is a famous grammarian who wrote the commentary on Panini's Ashtadhyayi and complied the Yoga Sutras, the classical text on Raja Yoga.The Mahabhashya symbolises the perfection of the discipline in grammar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321322", "title": "PCC jittery over Big Brother's flip-flop", "text": "KOLKATA: While their bosses in Delhi are keeping their fingers crossed for the safe passage of the Lokpal Bill in the Rajya Sabha in the coming Budget session, state Congress are getting jittery with the Trinamool playing big brother in Bengal and its flip-flop in Delhi.Senior state Congress leaders on Saturday gave a piece of their mind to Congress working committee member in charge of West Bengal Shakeel Ahmed, who came to Kolkata to hear out the state leaders. Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya, state irrigation minister Manas Bhunia, leader of the Congress Legislative Party Abu Hena, senior leaders Abdul Mannan and Ajoy Ghosh were present at the meeting.Maverick Congress MP from Murshidabad, Adhir Chowdhury, who could not make it to the emergency meeting, told the state leaders that the Congress should pull out of the Trinamool-led government in Bengal and offer it support from outside. \"Trinamool is failing to meet people's expectations. There is no point sharing the blame of a non-performing government. This is my individual view and I told it to my leaders,\" the Congress MP said.\"It is getting quite uncomfortable for us to keep the alliance going,\" PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya said after the meeting. He wondered why the Trinamool became adamant during the Rajya Sabha debate over the Lokayukt clause when all the 19 Trinamool MPs helped pass the Lokpal Bill the day before. \"I heard some of the Trinamool MPs saying that democracy was murdered in the Rajya Sabha. If that is their view then I must say that the Trinamool was also party to the murder. Why did they stick to their stand when the Centre took a flexible stand on the Lokayukt issue to accommodate the Trinamool's sentiment?\" the PCC president said. Bhattacharya, however, isn't giving up hope. \"The Bill is still alive and I believe that good sense will prevail among the Trinamool members,\" he said.The PCC president is also upset with the \"affront\" from a friendly government in the state. \"It is quite surprising that a party that still swears by the Congress lineage has decided to rename the Indira Bhavan. I have written to the chief minister today urging her to scrap the decision. This building was named by the people of Bengal in 1972. Even former chief minister Jyoti Basu who stayed there didn't change the name. Let the government set up a Nazrul Sadan like Rabindra Sadan somewhere else or name the New Secretariat Building after him,\" Bhattacharya said. He has given a detailed report on all these issues to Congress president Sonia Gandhi. The Congress student wing, Chhatra Parishad, and the women's wing are already on war path on this issue, he added.Former PCC president Manas Bhunia is miffed with the Trinamool's aligning with the BJP and the CPM to block the Lokpal Bill in the Rajya Sabha. \"There was a similar occasion in 1989 when the BJP and the CPM blocked the passage of the Panchayati Raj and Nagarpalika Bill, the brainchild of Rajiv Gandhi . This time the Trinamool has joined the BJP and the CPM. It's a mystery. I hope the Trinamool will reach at a consensus and help pass the bill against corruption,\" he said. The irrigation minister pointed out that the CM had told him after the Cabinet meeting on Friday that she didn't ask for changing the name of Indira Bhavan. \"I requested her to brief the media about it if the government hasn't taken any such step,\" Bhunia said.Adhir Chowdhury, however, went a whole hog against the Big Brother. \"The party is taking to gimmicks in Parliament to hide its non-performance in the state. I dare the Trinamool Congress to pull out of the UPA Cabinet if it is so unhappy with our party. I know they won't, because nobody will offer them the railway ministry that has enabled them to draw up projects for Bengal. Some will also lose the income from the shipping ministry,\" he said.The Congress MP also tore into the Trinamool logic of federalism on the Lokayukt issue. \"This shows their double standard. If Trinamool is so touchy about the federal character of our country, why isn't it ready to accept the Congress' logic that it can't go out of the way to bail out Bengal, depriving other states to honour the federal structure? The fact is that the Trinamool wants a weak Congress government at the Centre to extract its pound of flesh,\" Chowdhury said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322603", "title": "The peaking of a people\u2019s passion", "text": "Perhaps no other protest, apart from the Anna agitation, dominated 2011 as much as the demand for Telangana. The movement for a separate state carved out of Andhra Pradesh had been continuing for a long time, but this year it reached feverish pitch. On January 6, the report of the Srikrishna Committee, that had been appointed to find a solution to the issue, was released at an all-party meeting. Pro-statehood parties like the BJP and the Telangana Rashtra Samithi boycotted the report release since it did not explicitly recommend the formation of a separate state.In February, government employees initiated a non cooperation movement for 16 days, which affected the state's administrative work severely. The movement's violent face emerged in March with the 'Million March' called by the Telangana Joint Action Committee (JAC) that saw thousands of protesters reach Tank Bund in Hyderabad. There were clashes with the police as agitators vandalized statues of several iconic Telugu leaders.In July, there were mass resignations by MLAs and several MPs cutting across party lines. The issue was raised several times in Parliament with MPs stalling work in the House. In September, JAC launched 'akala janula samme', a 42-day-long strike that crippled normal life in the region.The issue continues to ignite passions, even as many believe that further inaction on it may lead to an uncontrollable crisis in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11329275", "title": "Rajkot wants to raise FSI all over city", "text": "RAJKOT: The Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RKC) wants to increase the FSI across the city. Mayor Janak Kotak said he would meet the urban development minister in this regard. \"We are working out a proposal to increase the FSI in the city as a whole as it is an urgent need to meet the requirement of a fast growing city,'' Kotak said.Meanwhile, the Standing Committee of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has in principle approved the proposal to FSI along the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor on the 150 ft Ring Road.As of now, 1.50 FSI is permitted in low-rise buildings while 1.80 in high-rise buildings. The RMC plans to increase it to 2.25 and 2.66 respectively along the BRTS route.The 10.70 km pilot BRTS project is underway from Gondal Chowkdi to Madhapar Chowkdi and RMC officials are expecting to run BRTS buses on the dedicated corridor soon. They hope to raise Rs 120 crore for the SMC by selling extra FSI along the 10 km BRTS corridor in city. \"The proposal will now be sent for approval to the Urban Development department of the state government,'' said Kotak.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322465", "title": "Lion slayers of the Arab world", "text": "What is common among Neila Chaabane of Tunisia, Wael Ghonim of Egypt, Mohammed Nabbous of Libya, Razan Ghazzawi of Syria, and Bushra al Mugtari of Yemen? These women and men are ordinary citizens who seized an extraordinary revolutionary moment and changed the history of their countries through courage, self-belief and optimism. They form a representative sample from the millions of unsung activists and nonviolent foot soldiers of the Arab Spring which reverberated as a cry for freedom across the Middle East in 2011.Chaabane is a law professor with no past involvement in mass politics, but who stepped out of the shadows to assist in burying the legacy of Tunisia's tyrannical ruler Zine El Abedine Ben Ali. She braves death threats for being a proactive figure in Tunisia's post-revolutionary National Commission on Investigating Corruption and Embezzlement. Her contribution to institution building in the smoothest and most decisive Arab Spring case of Tunisia mirrors the stories of many other Tunisians who came out of their closets and are reifying the concept of 'popular sovereignty'.Like Chaabane, there are other educated professionals in the region who suddenly discovered that they had the mental strength and the foresight to be useful when history called. Wael Ghonim is a computer engineer who found his calling in advocating freedom for victims of Egyptian state brutality through social networking. His incarceration and spontaneous views about how horizontal revolutionary struggles could galvanise Egypt were crucial triggers for the overthrow of the long entrenched Hosni Mubarak regime. Ghonim inspired other average Egyptians to participate in a revolution whose future remains dicey and still open to hijacking by a conservative military or radical Islamists. Unarmed 20-somethings like Ghonim, with no professional NGO pedigrees or badges, became collective lion slayers in the Middle East in 2011.Although the war to unseat Colonel Muammar Gaddafi in Libya eventually took on a bloody and tribal form, with military intervention from outside, there were peaceful protests at the outset in February 2011 when civilians were at the forefront, demanding democracy. A 28-yearold citizen journalist and information technologist, Mohammed Nabbous, set up an independent television station despite web blackouts and spread knowledge about Gaddafi's security forces mowing down civilians in Benghazi. He paid the ultimate price for disseminating the truth in March, yet another supreme sacrifice in a year when dying for justice overrode fear for life.Razan Ghazzawi is a Syrian blogger for media freedom and democracy whose Twitter and Facebook posts as well as efforts to mobilise mass dissent against the Assad dynasty's rule earned her a jail spell and turned her into an international cause celebre. Since the Arab Spring has unfolded, prisoners of conscience and subjects of state violence have grown younger in age but no less mature in thinking. Contrary to misguided cynicism that the 'web 2.0 revolutionaries' lack vision to steer societies to equitable and stable futures, activists like Ghazzawi have articulated blueprints that do not have to borrow from Karl Marx or Che Guevara. In 2011, the Middle East witnessed a surge of wise young people who have the capacity to lead from below. As Syria remains a hotbed for suppression of revolution and is witnessing a turn towards war fomented by regional powers against the Assad regime, the sagacity of defenceless youth on the ground who continue to seek a nonviolent transfer of power stands out as a silver lining.The Nobel peace prize for 2011 was awarded to a 32-year-old Yemeni human rights activist, Tawakkul Karman, who became the youngest ever laureate. While her profile has now become global, many lesser known Yemeni women have valiantly resisted the diehard regime of Ali Abdullah Saleh, determinedly chipping away at whatever remnants of legitimacy this dictator commands through manipulation of tribal identities. One such dynamic individual is Bushra al Mugtari from Taiz, where the regime has resorted to maximum force, trying to defend public spaces from violent actors. She speaks of \"love, camaraderie and enthusiasm\" as the motivating factors of co-protesters who persist despite the muddling of Yemen's political transition due to military defections and heavily armed anti-Saleh tribal factions.2011 was a watershed year in the Middle East because it lent a sense of political efficacy to formerly apolitical Arab individuals and groups. There have indeed been numerous setbacks to the democratisation juggernaut in the region after the initial scalps of Ben Ali and Mubarak, and the future remains tensely uncertain. Structural impediments in the form of tenacious authoritarians, meddlesome regional and global powers, sectarian and divisive fault lines, Islamist fundamentalist forces, etc, have slowed down the pace of change that was supersonic at the beginning of 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320756", "title": "Fire breaks out in jewellery shop, 7 injured", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven labourers were injured after a fire broke out in a jewellery shop at Kalbadevi on Saturday evening.The labourers, all Bengali craftsmen, suffered 30%-50% burns. They are undergoing treatment at Masina Burns Hospital in Byculla.A fire official said, \"None of the shops in the area has an NOC from the fire department and they make jewellery illegally.\"Locals said the injured were taken to hospital in private cars even before the fire officials arrived at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11322991", "title": "Haj panel gets new CEO", "text": "HYDERABAD: The minority welfare department on Saturday appointed Prof. S A Shukoor, director of Centre for Educational Development of Minorities, as director the State Haj Committee with full additional charge.Prof Shukoor replaces G Mahboob Peeran who retired on attaining superannuation. \"He will hold charge of the affairs of the Haj Committee until a replacement is found,\" an official source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11325164", "title": "Prince Harry 'to climb Mount Everest'", "text": "LONDON: Prince Harry , the third-in-line to the British throne, is all set to realise his long-held ambition of conquering Mount Everest this year, a report said.The 27-year-old Prince had dropped a broad hint about scaling the world's highest mountain in May this year at the end of his trek to the North Pole last year to raise money for 'Walking With the Wounded', a charity for wounded soldiers.Harry had, in fact, indicated that he wanted to join the group of wounded servicemen on their next challenge in May, which will see them climbing Mount Everest with a peak at 29,029 ft above sea level, 'The Sunday Telegraph' reported.However, Buckingham Palace has declined to comment on whether it would be possible for Harry to fit the climb into his schedule. \"It will all depend on his Army commitments\", his spokesman said.There has been no comment, either, from the charity, the newspaper said.But, Mollie Hughes, the 21-year-old mountaineer who plans to become the youngest British woman to climb Everest when she makes her own ascent with Kenton Cool in May, said that she has been told that the Prince will also be going up.\"He won't be doing the full climb as it will take a long time and it requires rigorous training so I think he'll be joining at a base camp,\" she said. PTI MOT MOT 01011214 NNNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11320600", "title": "Three thefts in Calangute on New Year's eve", "text": "MAPUSA: The coastal belt of North Goa, which is a big tourist destination, specially during this season, is being targeted by thieves.Robberies in Candolim, Calangute and Anjuna targeting tourists are on the rise and three such cases were reported on New year's eve keeping the police on their toes.C K Vijaygovindan, a native of Nilgiris in Tamil Nadu, has complained that some unknown persons committed theft of his bag containing four mobile phones, cash amounting to Rs 9,000, one gold anklet weighing 16 grams, one gold watch of 18 grams, a gold coin of one gram, a ATM card, a debit card, voters identity card, post office card, driving licence etc.The goods, worth Rs 1,50,000, belonging to him and his family members, were stolen from an open place at Calangute beach.In the second incident, Bharat Arawandekar, a native of Vengurla in Maharashtra, has complained that unknown persons committed theft of his Bajaj Discover motorcycle from an open parking place at Calangute beach.In the third incident, Rohan Katu from Mumbai has complained to Calangute police that unknown persons dishonestly withdrew cash to the tune of Rs 25,000 by using his CITI Bank Debit card at HDFC bank's ATM center in Baga Calangute. The card was lost on the beach at Baga.In another theft case at Mapusa, Claine Victoria Adelaide D' Souza, resident of Housing board colony in Mapusa and native of Lamberley Surrey, UK, complained that an unknown person stole her brown colour leather wallet containing 300 pounds and Rs 3,000 from her shoulder bag at municipal market, Mapusa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11322460", "title": "Thousands take part in langar", "text": "KANPUR: The 'Guru Ka Langar' at Motijheel ground witnessed a huge crowd on the occasion of birth anniversary of Guru Govind Singh on Saturday. The devotees said, \"The whole community comes together on this occasion. This community feeling is strongest on Guruparv.\" Every year, more than 50,000 people reach Motijheel and take part in a 'langar' (community lunch). And this year, as the festival fell on a weekend, the Gurdwara authorities were all set to greet the greater inflow of devotees.Kiran Singh, a devotee, said, \"It is a miracle that whenever there is a langar in Guru's name, the food is aplenty. We have never heard of any shortage of food during any langar.\"Hemant Kaur, another 'sevadhari' who was serving 'dal' to the people, said, \"The 'dal', special curry and sweet dish is served in most of the langars. Over 50,000 devotees reach here every year on this occasion.\"Hemant added, \"We started preparing for this langar on Friday itself. The vegetables were cut on Thursday so that the food could be served on time on Saturday.\" The devotees also visited the beautifully decorated Gurudwaras where special bhajans (shabad) were held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11321274", "title": "Video blackmail: School student among 2 arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Kancheepuram police on Friday arrested two youths including a plus-two student for secretly recording a 15-year-old girl bathing in her home in Madurantakam. The Class 10 girl, K Deepa, committed suicide on Tuesday after a neighbour used the video to blackmail her father.Police said K Ilayaraja, (23), a painter, and his friend M Vinodkumar (17), a Class 12 student from the same area, recorded the video for R Vidhyasagar, who was trying to forcibly buy two cents of land from Deepa's father K Mariadas.\"The duo fixed a hidden camera on the wall of Deepa's bathroom. Later, they handed over the video to Vidhyasagar and went absconding,\" Madurantakam inspector R Sekar told TOI. Police are on the lookout for Vidhyasagar and another person. Police said that duo destroyed the obscene video after her father lodged a complaint.\"We have been tracking their cellphones and arrested them when they visited their house on Friday morning,\" a police officer said.Deepa was found hanging from a ceiling fan in her house around 6pm on Tuesday. The Madurantakam police registered a case under Section 304 (a) (punishment for culpable homicide not amounting to murder).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321513", "title": "'BJP opposed ombudsman in states to shield its CMs\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government intends to salvage the Lokpal Bill by resolving differences with Trinamool Congress while attacking BJP for having scuttled the law in the Rajya Sabha by striking an understanding with parties over issues that it had not articulated before, home minister P Chidambaram said.The home minister said he wanted to know how BJP, which was party to the House resolution on Lokpal that spoke of Lokayuktas as well, could turn around and argue for deletion of the clause dealing with state ombudsman altogether as Trinamool Congress has done.Chidambaram's remarks indicate that Congress is looking to use the Lokpal logjam in Parliament to tell voters in the poll-bound states that BJP had sabotaged the bill in order to keep its chief ministers out of the ambit of the Lokayukta. And so had other regional parties that sought to alter the Lokayukta formulation.After taking the flak for \"midnight murder of democracy\", Congress sources said the party would tell voters that BJP's concerns over niceties of \"federalism\" to oppose the imposition of centrally designed Lokayukta, were actually devised to shield its CMs against graft.On Friday, Chidambaram, flanked by Cabinet colleagues Ambika Soni , Pavan Bansal and Ghulam Nabi Azad , said, \"BJP had no intention to pass the bill. So they hit upon an ingenious devise to move 187 amendments, many of them contradictory and many of which cannot be reconciled in a few minutes... By no stretch of imagination 187 amendments could have been examined, analyzed and accepted or rejected in the time available yesterday.\" He stressed that the bill was safe and would be taken up in the Budget session.A day later in Mumbai, Chidambaram said the government could accept one or two amendments but not 187.The attack on BJP is set to spill into the poll arena which includes the saffron-ruled Uttarkhand and Punjab as well as Uttar Pradesh, since BSP too opposed the bill. As Soni indicated, Congress would tell the voters that their veto on Lokayukta showed their double standards on graft.The aggression marks a big change for Congress which has been caught on the wrong side of the Anna campaign while BJP has emerged as a prime champion of the anti-graft movement.Congress feels it has demonstrated its intent by pushing the bill through the Lok Sabha while BJP voted against giving it a constitutional status. Congress chief Sonia Gandhi lost no time in saying \"it had shown the real face of BJP\" while Rahul Gandhi said BJP's negative vote was provoked by the fact that he had proposed the idea.According to a minister, the party would ask the voters, \"Why does the BJP want to keep CMs out of the graft radar if the PM can be under the Lokpal's ambit.\" It also indicated that the Centre may not be looking to dilute the Lokayukta provision though it could explain it further to convince ally Trinamool, which has also opposed these provisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320691", "title": "26 babus promoted in a day", "text": "MUMBAI: Excise commissioner Sanjay Mukherjee, Nagpur municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, President Pratibha Patil's private secretary Ravindra Jadhav were among the 26 IAS officials who were promoted on Saturday to the rank of secretary.By and large, a batch comprises one to 10 babus, while the 1996 IAS batch has 30, the maximum number of officials.\"Though all are due for promotion on December 31, the promotion of four babus has been withheld for technical reasons or pending a departmental probe against them,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Saturday.Quite a large number of them will be promoted in situ. The post of excise commissioner, currently held by Mukherjee, will be upgraded to the rank of secretary, as is the case with Jaiswal. Inspector-general of stamp and registration S Chokallingam and dairy development commissioner R D Shinde, too, are likely to be retained in the same post.Mumbai suburban collector Nirmalkumar Deshmukh, Kolhapur collector Laxmikant Deshmukh, Aurangabad additional commissioner Ramrao Shringare and Jalna collector Vilas Thakur are among the 20-odd officers who will be shifted as their posts cannot be upgraded. In addition, babus who are on deputation with the Centre or Union ministers will not be disturbed.\"We are planning to take it up with CM Prithviraj Chavan and the IAS association. We are of the view that IAS officers should not be treated as clerks and at the level of secretary. Chavan should give them a posting of their choice,\" the bureaucrat said.Mantralaya-cadre officials are unhappy about the treatment given to them.\"We demanded that the state create a special post of additional secretary and allot it those who have completed five to seven years as joint secretary,\" a joint secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11321615", "title": "Maharashtra firms offer better price for milk farmers", "text": "BELGAUM: The news that the Karnataka Milk Federation (KMF) is planning to increase milk price by five rupees has brought cheers to diary farmers in Belgaum where Maharashtra based companies have the monopoly over the milk industry.Of the over 12 lakh liters of milk that the district produces a day, about 10 liters are collected by diaries based in Kolhapur in Maharashtra, while Belgaum District Milk Producers' Cooperative Union (BDMPCU) collects only 98,000 liters a day which is less than 10% of the total production. Interestingly, these companies sell large chunk of the milk in Karnataka itself.At present, they are giving RS 25. 60 per liter for farmers, where as KMF's rate is Rs 25.35 for a liter including government's two rupees support price.These diaries also provide loans to farmers to purchase cows and buffalos. \"We can't compete with Maharashtra based dairies with price. As they cater to big markets like Mumbai and Pune, they can afford to offer higher prices for farmers\", said Babu Galagali, president of BDMPCU.MD of the union Channakrishnaiah said, \"We have sent a proposal to the government to hike three rupees per liter. The milk procurement of the union will be increased once the rates are revised.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11322434", "title": "Bus travel is costly as operators hike fares", "text": "INDORE: With most of the long distance trains running fully packed and with long waitlist, city's bus operators are reportedly taking advantage of the situation by increasing fares arbitrarily to make some fast bucks.The fares have almost doubled on various routes after the bus operators started charging exorbitant fares on the city residents, who travel to meet their family members during the season.Taking advantage of the vacation time of the students and employees who plan their schedule in hurry and on the basis of holidays they get, the bus operators are cashing in on some of the major routes like Pune, Mumbai, Ahemdabad and Shirdi.A passenger has to cough up between Rs 550 and 600 per seat to Pune now even as the normal-time fare is anywhere was Rs 450 for a seat. Those who travel by air-conditioned bus are forced to pay Rs 800- Rs 900 instead of the previous fare of Rs 650. The sleeper charges are between Rs 1,200-1500 now.Jatin Malpani, a student said, \"My family is in Pune. So I go there on holidays. Prior planning is difficult as most of the friends go along and they do decide immediately. Now, we have to give excess money for a seat just because we didn't book tickets early.\" The operators are inflicting more blows on the passengers on finding that the outbound trains are packed.During the vacation and festival seasons, the outbound passengers, who did not get a confirmed train ticket, depend on agents for train tickets. However, the passengers have to pay hefty amount in the form of commission to the agents also. In such conditions, most of the passengers prefer to go by bus.For Mumbai, Rs 400 were charged by bus operators for a seat earlier and now, they reportedly hiked the fare by Rs 200 on this route. Similar is the fare chart brought out by the private bus operators for destinations like Jaipur, Ajmer and Gwalior, from where most of the students have settled in city.For Nagpur, the bus operators are charging Rs 600- Rs 700 now instead of the normal fare of Rs 350. A rise of Rs 150 to Rs 200 is common on almost every route.Speaking on rising bus fares, one of the private bus operators said that the fares would increase almost by double when people will return from their native places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11320811", "title": "Jamai Osmania ramp technically not feasible", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials will send a proposal to widen the existing service road under the Jamai Osmania flyover as additional ramp (an arm) is not technically feasible.With several requests from locals demanding a ramp to the Jamai Osmania flyover, Secunderabad MLA Jayasudha and GHMC zonal commissioner (North Zone) S Hari Krishna and deputy municipal commissioner B V Gangadhar Reddy inspected the flyover on Saturday.Residents of surrounding colonies of Jamai Osmania flyover like Lalitha Nagar, Bank Colony and Ambernagar have been facing problems due to closure of the route due to flyover and narrow service roads. RTC buses have not been plying on the road after the construction started.Residents' welfare associations brought this issue to the notice of Secunderabad MLA Jayasudha recently who in turn spoke to GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu during the constituency review meeting.After the inspection, the GHMC zonal commissioner said due to the height of the flyover and width of the carriage way, it would not be technically possible to add another ramp. Instead, they would send a proposal to widen the existing service road and remove encroachments on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322886", "title": "Support for Anna a personal battle", "text": "What made you join Hazare's movement?I didn't have much of an idea till I learnt about it from some of my friends who took me along to work for the movement. When I actually began working, a whole new world opened up for me as I got educated about the need for a Lokpal and what it could do to change the lives of Indians. I started working with volunteers in Chandni Chowk, talking to people about corruption and the need to root it out. Soon, it became a personal battle.Do you think protest is an effective enough means for change?It certainly turned out to be effective in 2011 - it toppled governments across West Asia, and in India it has seemed to be the only way to make the government hear you. We all suffer from the consequences of corruption but none of us has the voice or the strength to speak against it. In Anna Hazare , we have found the leader we needed so badly. If protest is the only way to make the government hear you, so be it.Don't you think that protests on the street can turn dangerous if mishandled ? In a thriving democracy like India, we also have the means of electing our representatives to take decisions on our behalf...Protests can turn dangerous but they have to be resorted to when you don't make use of the tool of democracy given to you. How many of us who complain about things being bad in India actually vote? And what do you do when your own representatives do not listen to you? I do realize that protesting is not going to be effective every time, but at least Anna has forced politicians to sit up and do something about it.What are the other issues young India can take up to protest against?I think that if young India gets a leader like Anna Hazare, it would be more than willing to come out and protest against some really big issues that affect us. Poverty, for instance, is one. The prolonged movement against corruption has at least ensured the awakening of the youth of this country. Many of my friends who couldn't be bothered earlier are now beginning to watch news on television to see what is going on in the country. Hopefully, they will continue to be interested even when they get busy with their professional lives. And the media and social networking sites will also continue to act as catalysts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11329383", "title": "Raise platform height for disabled, says MP", "text": "VADODARA: Concerned over the difficulties faced by physically disabled passengers in boarding trains, Vadodara Member of Parliament (MP) Balkrishna Shukla has highlighted the issue of raising the platform levels. Shukla has written to the railway ministry to bring uniformity in the platform height across the country. He also raised the issue during the recent Parliament session.\"The height of platforms should be raised to that of the train's entry level. The idea is to help disabled people board the trains easily. At present, passengers have to climb at least two stairs to enter the train and it presents a lot of difficulties for disabled passengers,\" Shukla, a BJP MP, told TOI.Shukla has also written to the railway minister seeking new express trains for Mumbai and Pune from the city. \"Introductions of these trains is necessary in view of upcoming DMIC project on Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, which is to be implemented by Japanese agency,\" Shukla said.\"The Vadodara railway division is understood to have sent a proposal to the railway ministry to start new express trains to destinations Mumbai and Pune in Maharashtra. Sizeable number of passengers from the city visit Mumbai and Pune regularly,\" Shukla added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11322360", "title": "Bridges &amp; flyovers make life easier for commuters", "text": "KANPUR: The city got three new flyovers in 2011 - one each at Shyam Nagar, Katheri Bagh in Cantt and in Jajmau over river Ganga. It was on April 23, 2011 that Jajmau bridge constructed parallel to old Ganga bridge over the river Ganga was opened for public. This eased off the traffic congestion at Jajmau. The two bridges parallel to each other are used as one-way route for commuting between Kanpur and Lucknow.The Rail Overbridge (ROB) constructed over Shyam Nagar railway crossing too has eased off the problem being faced by the locals of the city. Earlier, the locals had to wait for the railway crossing to open to pass through, but now they use the ROB for reaching their destinations. This has reduced the time of covering the distance between the localities situated on either side of Shyam Nagar Crossing. The Shyam Nagar ROB was opened for masses on November, 2011.The third and one of the most important ROBs constructed over railway crossing number 81 D on Delhi-Howrah route in Cantt area is Katheri Bagh ROB. This bridge was opened for public on December 22, 2011. This ROB had been under construction since August 2008 and was much in demand by the city people for the fact that the Allahabad railway crossing mostly remains closed as trains pass through and therefore, they used to left waiting for the crossing to open. The ROB has facilitated smooth traffic movement.Work in Progress: The ROB being constructed at COD Crossing awaits completion before being opened for the public. It is expected that in 2012, the ROB will be opened for public use, but the current pace of work is quite slow. As of now 15 per cent of the bridge has been constructed.Further, a new bridge is being constructed parallel to old Ganga bridge in Shuklaganj area. Once the construction of this bridge gets completed, it would facilitate smooth traffic movement between Kanpur and Shuklaganj and Unnao. The bridge is now 65 per cent complete. It is now expected that by December 2012, the bridge would be opened for masses.Jhansi dada Nagar ROB is also under-construction. Almost 50 per cent construction of the bridge has been done. This ROB would come over Govindpuri-Bhimsen railway line. It is expected that by March 2013, the construction of the bridge would get over. The foundation stone of the bridge was laid on August 2011.Yet to Come Up: Some of the bridges and ROBS are still confined to the files. These include Gumti Overbridge (an ROB over Anwarganj-Mandhana railway line), Govindpuri ROB parallel to existing Govindpuri bridge, Jarib Chowki ROB (an ROB over Anwarganj-Mandhana railway line), ROB parallel to Jhakarkati and ROB over Delhi-Howrah railway line at Khapra Mohal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11321652", "title": "Conference of vegetarians", "text": "Bijapur based Shakahar Sangh will organize a conference of vegetarians titled Shakahari Sammelan on Sunday.The organization formed two years ago has been working to spread awareness of benefits of being a vegetarian.\"We are not against non-vegetarians. We aim at increasing the number of people who are pure vegetarian. Anyone can, who is a veggie can join the organization. We don't have any cast or religion bar,\" said one member of the organization.Over 1000 people have registered their names with the organization so far. The conference will be held at Shivanubhav Mantap and will be inaugurated by Kolhapur Siddhagiri Mutt seer Adrshya Kada Siddheswhar Swamiji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322260", "title": "Power theft switches off streetlights", "text": "BHOPAL: Power theft is one of major reasons why street lights fail to function in many localities of the state capital. Even some patches on main roads descend into darkness. The situation is even worse in interiors of the city.As evening wears on, many areas in the city plunge into darkness. It also explains why more crime cases are reported from these areas. Accidents also occur quite frequently due to all-pervading darkness in the area, Bhopal residents feel.Either there are no streetlights or if there are electricity poles, streetlights are not functioning at major connecting roads of the city. The major routes include roads leading from MP Nagar to Subhash railway crossing, Mahatma Gandhi circle in BHEL to Avadhpuri and on Link Road No 2 from 5 number bus stop to Mata Mandir square. Interestingly, the important road stretch from the CM House to the Raj Bhavan is also not free from it.\"We are facing problem owing to power pilferage in certain areas. We are reluctant to install street lights in certain areas,\" BMC commissioner Manish Singh said. \"In coming six months, we will replace all non-functioning streetlights and set up new ones,\" he assured.Some BMC field officials are not even aware of the issue. Asked about poor condition of streetlights assistant engineer Jugal Kishore Shrivastav said, \"We are not aware of the situation. If there is any problem, we will fix it right away.\"\"The BMC has around 10,000 tube lights, 17,000 sodium vapour lamps, 1000 MH fittings (250 volts), 3,000 CFL fittings and 500 T5 fittings throughout the city. Even with this infrastructure, major city roads are still not equipped with functional street lights making them accident-prone.Moreover, with city expanding on a large scale, colonies at various places including Trilanga, Avadhpuri and Ayodhya by-pass face the problem in absence of streetlights.The colonies established from Daana Paani to Hi-tech city, several localities on Kolar road and Gandhi Nagar road have no streetlights.Yogita Singh, a resident of Hi-Tech Colony, said, \"The road becomes so dark in night that it is unsafe to walk alone for a woman. Last week a friend of mine was returning from this area late in the evening when two boys tried to snatch her gold chain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11322629", "title": "City\u2019s silent sentinels ring in the New Year with solemn cheer", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's clock towers across public buildings are the face of an era when time flowed leisurely. \"A hundred years ago, watches were a luxury item that few people owned,\" says historian Sharada Dwivedi. \"Public clocks fulfilled a real need for telling the time.\" In fact, our city had the distinction of having its own Bombay Standard Time.Indian Standard Time or IST united the nation as recently as 1947 although Mumbai and Kolkata retained their special privilege for years afterward.The magnificently-crafted time pieces that crown the CST building and Rajabai Tower are the most prominent clock towers in the city. South and central Mumbai also have a proud selection of time pieces. Dwivedi and conservation architect Vikas Dilawari tend to keep an eye out for these century-old clocks during their city commute. The naval dockyard near the Lions Gate has a clock tower, so does the Sailors' Home in Dana Bunder. Byculla zoo keeps time by an old clock and there is another at the Prince's Triumphal Arch at Mahalaxmi. The Hormusji Wadia fountain along PM Road as well as the Sassoon clock tower are beautiful examples.Dilawari also mentions the art deco clock near the Chowpatty footbridge while Dwivedi has noticed a similar style at the Kapol Niwas in Dadar. \"These clocks have a very interesting and simple mechanism that requires daily winding or 'chabi',\" Dilawari says.\"The clock tower was devised in the aftermath of the industrial revolution because it highlighted the importance of time. This western concept was integrated in urban planning as an architectural landmark. For instance, you have the market clock tower or 'mandvi' that is seen in Baroda or Junagadh, or a square clock tower ('ghanta ghar') in Dehradun. Important public buildings like CST integrated the clock tower into their architecture.\"Dwivedi recalls a conversation with Professor Dara Marshall of Mumbai University regarding the Rajabai tower clock. \"Initially, the people who lived in the vicinity would complain that the noise was terrible,\" she laughs. \"For one thing, it chimed every quarter of an hour and played 34 tunes, then struck loudly at the top of the hour. The authorities were forced to cover the entire machinery with canvas and mute the sound.\"Even as these heritage timepieces are wanting in maintenance, there is renewed interest in customized clocks that appear to be antiques but are in fact fitted with modern GPS machinery. \"Apart from installing one modern marvel at Borivli station, we have customised such clocks for Mukesh Ambani's new home as well as the Ruias,\" says Rajiv Jalan whose firm has been manufacturing and repairing public clocks since 1920.Famous time keepersCST, formerly Victoria Terminus,celebrates its anniversary Sunday. The large clock in the central gable has a dial 10 feet 6 inches in diameter. The building is an architectural masterpiece, aptly a World Heritage Site, which was designed by Sir Frederick William Stevens. The railway station was opened for traffic on New Year's Day in 1882Philanthropist Seth Premchand Roychand funded the Rajabai clock tower in order to enable his blind mother to tell the time so she could dine before sunset. The campus was completed in 1874. The tower was designed by British architect Sir George Gilbert Scott. The clock chimes on the Westminster pattern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11321695", "title": "Sarvodaya Sammelan passes declaration", "text": "MADURAI: The 'Madurai Declaration', passed by the 44th Sarvodaya Samaj Sammelan which concluded here on Saturday, opposed the government move to throw open the retail sector to multinational companies, thereby depriving the downtrodden of their livelihood. The convention also came down heavily on the centre for exploiting natural resources indiscriminately by allowing capitalists a free run, thereby affecting the livelihood of people living in mining areas of the country. Further, by creating Special Economic Zones (SEZ), the important means of production namely agricultural lands are being handed over to industrial houses and MNCs. The declaration condemned this unequivocally and insisted on the need to establish a corruption-free and accountable government.To achieve the said objectives, the sammelan resolved to mobilise the youth of the nation, the declaration said. Further, the convention also opposed the market development assistance scheme in the khadi sector which was brought in place of the previous rebate system.The current system is not beneficial to artisans, hence the rebate system should be revived. Besides, payment of wages to khadi artisans should be done directly by institutions in stead of bank payments as they are facing problems due to lack of banking facilities in many rural areas. Bank loans paid to KVIC institutions should be waived as done in the case of agriculture and industrial sectors, the convention said. The convention further appealed to all likeminded organisations and the public to extend a helping hand to the people affected in the recent cyclonic storm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11321748", "title": "Bangalore\u2019s well-kept secret", "text": "When writing about Bangalore's nightlife, the one question that haunts the mind is, is there anything to write home about? Speak to partygoers and all you get to hear about are complaints over deadlines, which is 11.30pm, and the ban on dancing. Then you get an earful on the increasingly strict police surveillance on those driving home with a couple of drinks behind them. The amount you can imbibe and yet drive being a big bone of contention. By law, at the time of checking, the permissible amount of alcohol in the body has to be 30 ml. In layman terms, that's equivalent to a small peg of vodka or whiskey or a pint of beer. Given the amalgam of these on the party scene, one can only feel pity, as the state of affairs of Bangalore's nightlife is truly abysmal.But amid the pall of gloom, one can spot traces of a faint smile on a few. A sheepish, I-know-a-little-secret smile. Worst of all, you are never going to get to know of it unless you become part of the nightlife culture. However, if you're lucky enough, and after having sworn on all the gods that you will never utter a word about it, you perhaps might be let in on a secret nightlife. A secret that's beyond the purview of utterance to even near and dear ones as partygoers cutting across caste, creed, and religion, hope it would continue to remain Bangalore's best-kept secret. It's tempting to spill the beans, but one has to restrain oneself after experiencing the secret in person. But some juicy morsels of information can be shared though many of you will never get it anyways. Even the gods would understand us not spilling the beans on this one.So, as the story goes, under the cover of darkness, Bangalore has a vibrant hot spot where people can let loose till the wee hours. It's neither hidden nor is it in any obscure location. It's in plain sight for all those who have a third-eye. It's the final piece of a jigsaw puzzle that portrays the partying circuit. Good food, booze, and cigarettes flow like a stream, as people of all hue carry on the party under the watchful vigil of an old Bangalorean, whose quest is to preserve the once-vibrant nightlife culture. The place is truly an uncut diamond, which shines to only those who know its worth. No, one isn't referring to Empire or restaurants of its ilk in the city.For those of you who have put the puzzle together, we hope that this one secret remains a secret allowing Bangaloreans to have a place to let their hair down, even while the city slips into slumber post 11.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321354", "title": "IAS postings: Govt adopts trial and error method", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is learning the ropes of administration through a trial-and-error method. And an imprecise decision seems to have been committed only on Wednesday.The CM chose to remove Barun Roy and appoint a new secretary in the panchayat and rural development department. Sending him on compulsory waiting (considered an act of censure), she has ended up giving the additional charge to Sourav Das, who is already too busy with a complex department like public health engineering (PHE).The measure of reinstating the veteran Subrata Mukherjee, who has been a panchayat minister in the S S Ray Cabinet, as the new panchayat minister, and removing a greenhorn Chandranath Sinha, has been largely appreciated, even as Mamata was making amends and bringing the most seasoned member in her Cabinet to the forefront. The CM has her eyes fixed on the panchayat polls and has vowed to ensure that villagers get at least 200 days' work instead of the mandated 100 days in the MGNREGA scheme. The state's performance hovers around 10 to 17 days.Only recently, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh wrote to Mamata saying that the participation of woman workforce in MGNREGA in her state is a poor 34%, well below the national average of 48%.Ramesh wrote that despite availability of funds, Bengal has been unable to generate employment. As per the approved labour budget till September-October, around Rs 900 crore lies unutilized with various project implementation authorities in the state, he wrote.Put off by the letter, the CM reprimanded both Sinha and Roy in public meetings. Then she summarily removed Roy, a 1992 batch IAS officer, barely three months after recalling him from Delhi. By sending Roy packing, Mamata has led officials to believe that they would be facing the music at the slightest pretext. R K Vats, former director, State AIDS Control Society, too, is on compulsory waiting. As is G Balachandran. All these officials met chief secretary Samar Ghosh on Thursday to ask why they have been made scapegoats.\"Barun shouldn't have been appointed the panchayat secretary in the first place. The post requires an IAS officer not below the rank of additional chief secretary,\" said an officer.Roy was called off from central deputation within a year after becoming private secretary to minister of state for shipping Mukul Roy. His five-year tenure already cut short, Roy will have to go through a cooling-off period of three years. This means, he wouldn't be able to apply for a central deputation until 2017.Ironically, he was handpicked by Mamata herself as the private secretary to shipping minister and was brought back to the state cadre as she became CM. At that time, chief secretary Samar Ghosh wrote to the Centre that Roy was needed back as the chief minister's office (CMO) was being set up on the lines of the PMO. Instead of being posted in the CMO, he was made the panchayat secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11322020", "title": "Gowda-Gowda turns bhai-bhai?", "text": "BANGALORE: Foe's foe is a friend, and former Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda is living up to it. The JD(S) supremo held a meeting with chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda here on Saturday to enlist his support in the fight against NICE, the company promoting Bangalore-Mysore Infrastructure Corridor Project.It's an open secret that there's no love lost between Deve Gowda and former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa. What rubbed it in further is Deve Gowda attending a luncheon hosted by the CM last week in New Delhi and now meeting him on a controversial project.Quizzed about the Delhi bonhomie, Deve Gowda denied any political significance to the luncheon. \"The CM had invited me for lunch. We had worked together as MPs. He had invited Congress MPs too,'' he said. During Saturday's meeting, the former PM briefed the CM about \"BMIC project irregularities\" and submitted a memorandum. He said: \"I've requested the CM to consider farmers' interests while filing a fresh affidavit before the Supreme Court. The CM has promised to look into the NICE's fraudulent activities and has directed the chief secretary to take action.''The former PM has charged the NICE with violating the original agreement and acquiring 2,400 acres of additional land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321369", "title": "Vaccination drive to counter deadly Japanese Encephalitis", "text": "GUWAHATI: The disease Japanese Encephalitis (JE) killed hundreds of people in Assam this year. The state became one of the worst sufferers of the disease. The worst affected area was Sivasagar.\"To counter Japanese Encephalitis, we have collaborated with the veterinary department for pig vaccination as pigs are the major carrier of this disease. We have also started an adult vaccination drive in Sivasagar, one of the worst affected areas from October 9 to October 25,\" said Abani Goswami, state programme officer of national vector-borne diseases.He added, \"The vaccination programme for children up to 15 years has been completed in 11 districts of Tinsukia, Dibrugarh, Sivasagar, Golaghat, Dhemaji, Lakhimpur, Sonitpur, Udalguri, Nagaon, Kamrup (rural) and Jorhat. Next year, we will organise vaccination programmes in Marigaon, Kamrup (metro), Darrang, Nalbari and Goalpara.\"New born children are also being vaccinated with Hepatitis B from November within 24 hours of their delivery and another after the child completes one and a half months.Since Assam had the highest maternal mortality rate (MMR) of 381 against the national figure of 212 in 2010-2011, the health department has taken up a lot of programmes and initiatives to reduce the rate.Ananta Bhuyan , another senior health official said, \"To tackle the problem of maternal mortality, we have renewed the anemia prevention programme through which we distribute iron folic acid supplements to lactating mothers and adolescent girls in the village level.\"\"We have started the menstrual hygiene programme (MHP) for adolescent girls in the village level and will also provide regular pre-natal and post-natal check-ups to the village women on the regular basis,\" he said.The official added that new-born care centres have been introduced in the primary health care level while new-born stabilization centres have also been set up in different public health centres (PHC) and community health centres (CHC).\"This year, special training will also be provided to ANM (auxiliary nurse midwife) and GNM (general nursing and midwife) workers. A special programme will also be held by the Navajat Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (NSSK) for the care and protection of newly born children and their mothers.\" said Bhuyan.\"Though the MMR has come down from 390 in 2007-2009 to 381 in 2010-2011, the rate is still high as per the national figure is concerned, so we will try and work towards minimizing it further in the coming year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11322478", "title": "5 held with Rs 87 lakh", "text": "KANPUR: Five persons were arrested for allegedly duping several TET (Teachers Eligibility Test) candidates of Rs 87 lakh. The accused were identified as Ratan Kumar Mishra and Ashok Mishra, both natives of Etah; Amrendra Kumar Jaiswal of Sant Kabir Nagar, Vinay Singh and Deshraj Parihar of Agra.The police recovered Rs 87 lakh from their possession. \"All the five accused were on their way to Lucknow from Agra in a four-wheeler when the police, acting on a tip-off, laid a trap and apprehended them near Akbarpur Kotwali police station,\" said Ramabainagar SP Subhash Dubey. The accused had lured the unemployed youths by promising them jobs in TET competition held recently. The police are now tracking other gang members who are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11320709", "title": "City set for vertical growth", "text": "GURGAON: The municipal corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has forwarded the requests of three private builders to the urban local bodies department, seeking the approval of firefighting schemes for the highrises that they are constructing.While currently there is no building taller than 100 metres in the city, these three builders are coming up with highrises that are supposed to have a height of 170 metres, 145 metres and 126 metres respectively.According to officials, the corporation is getting many requests from builders to grant permission to build highrises that are over 100 metres high.Recently, the union urban development minister, Kamal Nath, had also emphasized the need to build more highrises in cities.According to sources, one of the three builders, Energetic Constructions, wants to construct a mixed occupancy building of 145.2 metres called World Trade Center in Sector 33 that will have service apartments as well as hotels and retail shops.\"Since there are no buildings that are of this height in Gurgaon so far, we have written a letter to the director of urban local bodies to issue guidelines for the firefighting scheme of buildings having more than 100 metres,\" said an official.The other highrises will be in a group housing society in Sector 72 that is being built by Land Space Structures and they will have a height of 126.9 metres. The third one, also a group housing society, will be constructed by KSS Properties and will come up at Sector 67. Their height will be 170.60 metres.\"After discussions, we have asked these builders to get approval and guidance for their fire safety system from fire consultants engaged with the National Building Code of India (NBCI) and ensure that the measures taken by them are in line with the specifications mentioned in the code. We have been getting many requests from builders to grow vertical and we too are not against the idea provided certain safety measures are adhered to,\" the official said.The builders, in turn, said that the process to sanction their building plans and other formalities should be made easier.\"All over the world, cities are growing in a vertical manner and we want the authorities in Gurgaon to simplify the process so that more highrises can come up here,\" said one of the builders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11321022", "title": "Terror modules still active in country: Chidambaram", "text": "MUMBAI: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Saturday expressed his displeasure over the lack of progress in the probe into the July 13, 2011 serial blasts in the city.\"After the press conference, I am meeting senior police officials and they will brief me on the investigations into the Mumbai blasts case,\" he said at the Y B Chavan Centre.While Maharashtra ATS officials have repeatedly claimed that the investigation into the triple blasts is progressing in the right direction and the case will be solved, many politicians and senior bureaucrats are of the view that the ATS has not made any major breakthrough in the terror case.In fact, it was the third time that Zaveri Bazaar-one of the three sites attacked on July 11, the other two being Opera House and Dadar-had witnessed a blast since 1993.The second blast at the city's booming gems and jewellery hub took place in 2003.Speaking on terrorism, Chidambaram said there were a number of terrorist modules active in the country and 18 such modules had been nullified by the security agencies so far.\"The Mumbai and Delhi blasts are an indication that terrorist modules are active in the country.\" Asked if the Mumbai blasts probe would be handed over to the National Investigation Agency, Chidambaram declined to answer, saying, \"No more questions on this issue.\"Stating that 2011 had been a satisfactory year with many achievements and a few setbacks, the minister said, \"The year witnessed a historic low in the level of violence in states like J&K; and those in the north-east. Though violence has declined in comparison to the past, it is still at an unacceptable high-level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11325180", "title": "Over 500 prosecuted for drunken driving on New Year eve", "text": "NEW DELHI: A threat of a jail term on New Year Day appears to have had no impact on many Delhiites as over 500 people were prosecuted for driving under the influence of alcohol in the city while they rang in 2012, but fortunately there were no fatal cases in the accidents related to the revelry.A total of 504 people were prosecuted for drunken driving in the city during the New Year celebrations, a steep increase of 112 from last year when 388 such cases were reported.Though one fatal accident was reported from Ajmeri gate in which a youth was killed and another injured, police said it was not a celebration related incident but a case of overspeeding while returning home from work.\"There were no celebrations related fatal accidents. But curiously this time, the drunken driving prosecution was much higher than last year's figure despite our campaigning. 504 motorists getting caught for drunken driving is a large number, this despite nearly 3,000 people being awarded jail term in the year.\"Maybe we will have these 504 drunken drivers cool their heels in court today morning to have a Happy 2012,\" Satyendra Garg, Joint Commissioner of Police (Traffic), told PTI.Like 2009 and 2010, the year 2011 also ended without any festivity related accident. \"Everybody who came out of their homes to celebrate went back home in one piece,\" he said.About the increase in prosecution, he said, the city amazes one everyday.\"We thought we had done enough to make people responsible and aware about the hazards of drunken driving, but maybe people thought we will be lenient on new year madness but they were wrong. While we expected people to behave responsibly, we were prepared to haul them up if they did not behave. The better part of the celebration was that there was no festivity related accident and death,\" he said.He said that one drunk driver he interacted with felt that he was sober enough to drive.On the fatal accident, he said two youths were going to Kalyanpuri from Sadar Bazar when the accident took place.\"They were apparently overspeeding. They lost control over the motorcycle and rammed into the railing and fell on te road. A light weight vehicle which was behind them crushed one of them to death,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11321610", "title": "PC: Delhi HC blast probe better than Mumbai\u2019s", "text": "MUMBAI: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Saturday said that the progress in the Mumbai serial blasts which took place on July 13 last year was tardy.Drawing a parallel between the 13/11 serial blast - at Zaveri Bazaar, Opera House and Dadar bus stop-and the powerful blast outside Delhi high court on September 7, 2011, Chidambaram said that the probe in Delhi has shown a measure of progress.\"There is significant progress in the Delhi blast case. The investigation in connection to the Delhi blast case has led to arrests of three persons and to the identification of three wanted persons. However, no arrest has been made as yet in the Mumbai blast case. I am meeting senior police officials soon and they are going to brief me on the investigations into the Mumbai blast case,\" Chidambaram added.Though Maharashtra ATS officials claim that the investigation is going in the right direction and will solve the case, many politicians and senior bureaucrats from the state have a feeling that ATS officials have not made any major breakthrough in the case.The Union home minister stated that there were a number of terrorist modules active in the country and 18 such modules have so far been nullified by the security agencies. \"The Mumbai and Delhi blast are an indication that terrorist modules are active in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11321571", "title": "Truckers strike in Coimbatore over dam row", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 15,000 trucks operating from Coimbatore and other states transporting goods to Kerala remained off the roads to protest against the Kerala government's stance on the Mullaperiyar dam row and to condemn the frequent attacks against trucks drivers from Tamil Nadu.The protest was called by the Coimbatore district transport association joint action committee which comprises of seven associations including the Coimbatore Lorry Owners Association, Coimbatore Goods Transport Association, Coimbatore City Lorry Booking Association, Coimbatore LCV operator, Coimbatore Packers and Movers, Coimbatore Transport Labour Association, Coimbatore Automobile Association.The owners of nearly 4,500 lorries, 4,000 light commercial vehicles and 1,800 minidoor and Tata ace have come together in the protest, said C P Jayaraman, president of Coimbatore City Lorry Booking Association. He said trucks delivering from outside the state were intimated about the protest in advance and all the trucks halted their service. Besides, bookings and delivery was also cancelled on Saturday. Nearly 200 booking offices and another 2,000 labourers working in the industry extended their support, he said.Deva Govindaraju, organizer of Coimbatore joint action committee, said the protest has affected movement of 1,500 tonnes of good, fruits and vegetable, which are transported every day to Kerala. Due to the protest business of all sectors have incurred a loss of Rs 250 crore, he added. Attacks on drivers and cleaners of vehicles carrying goods have been continuously attacked in Kerala, he said. At least 120 attacks have taken place in Palakkad, Vadkancherry and Calicut. He alleged that instead of taking action against the culprits, the Kerala police had insulted drivers who went to register a complaint.Condemning the Kerala government's stance on the Mullaperiyar issue, he said that the government should abide to the apex court's orders and that both the state governments should work with the central government to find an amicable solution to the issue. He further demanded nationalising of the river which would help all the development of all states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321335", "title": "Power officials dismayed", "text": "KOLKATA: The hike in coal prices from January 1 will hit the power utilities hard. The worst affected will be power units in the east as Coal India Ltd (CIL) will levy 6% extra on coal from Eastern Coalfields Ltd (ECL) as it is a sick subsidiary and listed with the Board for Industrial &amp; Financial Restructuring (BIFR). ECL supplies coal to both CESC and WBPDCL.The restructuring followed an approval to the long-pending proposal by the board of directors at CIL on Friday. Though CIL chairman NC Johan said the new mechanism would have a minimum impact on consumers, he said it would have a positive impact on company's revenue.\"We've ensured that no coal-producing company will lose in revenue due to the restructuring. However, if some company manages to increase the quality of coal produced, it will command a higher price for coal,\" Johan said, adding that the new system does away with the anomalies in pricing of same grade coal produced by different collieries and subsidiaries.Johan claimed that even after the revision, coal price would be 77% lower than the international prices for power, fertilizer and defense and 25% for others.Power department officials expressed dismay over the decision\"The hike should have happened after the coal regulatory authority was set up,\" power minister Manish Gupta said. While 80% of the 20 lakh tonne of coal that WBPDCL purchases each year is sourced from CIL mines, 50% of Cask's requirement of 6 million tone per annum.Power secretary Molly De said in the absence of calorie meters, the switchover to the new system would lead to quality concerns on the part of consumers. While Johan claimed that all 81 areas would be equipped with calorie meters, neither the CESC or WBSEDCL officials pointed out that tests would be done at the time of loading and not at the consumer end as was the practice internationallyA 100% hike in coal prices on February 27, 2011, had led to a 46 paisa hike in unit price of electricity charged by CESC. Though Waseca's power purchase cost has gone up, it has been unable to pass on burden to consumers with the CM refusing to allow any power price hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11322237", "title": "Revellers heading out to sand-beds this Sunday", "text": "VARANASI: Forget swanky hotels and picturesque resorts, most revellers are planning to head for the sandy stretch along the ghats on the banks of Ganga to welcome the New Year on Sunday. With the first day of the year being a holiday and the weather taking a turn for the better in the past week, most residents of the city and even tourists have planned a gathering on the ghats and bask in the bright sunshine.\"After throwing a party for my friends on New Year's Eve, we are all planning to reach the sand-bed area around the ghats to welcome the first day of the new year,\" said Abhishek, a college-goer.\"Initially, visiting the sand dunes on the other side of Ganga was not included in our tour itinerary, but we changed our plan and included the sand-beds. Nothing could be as attractive as taking in the beauty of the famous ghats of Ganga, while sunbathing on the sand dunes,\" said Natasha, a young visitor to the city from France. Natasha has planned to celebrate New Year in the city with her fiance.According to Dinesh Majhi, a boatman at Asi Ghat, almost all the boats (small and big ones) on the ghat have been booked in advance and the visitors are planning to stay for long hours on the sand-beds. We are expecting to get good business as visitors descend on the entire stretch from Asi ghat in the south to Raj Ghat in the north, he added.As if adding weight to the hopes of boatmen, Abha Pandey, who resides in Kabir Nagar Colony (Durgakund), shared, \"Our family has planned a picnic near the sand-beds. It would give the kids the space to play to their heart's content while we enjoy the sunshine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11322341", "title": "Scheme sites changed in absence of GPS", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Longitudes and latitudes of schemes (earth works), especially of Integrated Action Plan (IAP) and MGNREGA schemes, are not taken into account, sources here said.Elaborate estimates are made but there is no mention of longitude and latitude of the site where either the IAP/MGNREGA scheme is to come up or is coming up. The longitude and latitude of the scheme site can be got easily with the help of global positioning system (GPS) but officials in Palamu hardly intend to use those.One of the district administrative officials said: \"There are instances where the sites selected are changed just when the work/construction starts. The case of Osaney bridge near Kechki which in this year's torrential rain suffered a huge destruction is a classic example.\"The team of engineers that reached here after this destruction is reported to have found fault with the site of the bridge which could not tolerate the water impact of the river Ouranga and got destroyed.\"If the engineers and contractors had followed the rule, the bridge would have been there,\" said another official.IAS officer Amitabh Kaushal, who has worked as deputy commissioner of Palamu and is now posted in the same capacity in Ramgagh, said, \"The GPS is very easy to handle. I have asked the engineer/BDO of the block to use it. These officers reach the site of scheme and co-ordinate longitude and latitude of the site/location. Once it is done, there is hardly any chance of getting anyone replacing it or changing it (site) as then it will be a different longitude and latitude.\"Asked about its utility, the Ramgarh DC, who is using the GPS mode in the district, said, \"With longitude and latitude in hand, no unscrupulous element can dare change the site and thus lots of corrupt practices also die out with no changing of the site.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11320767", "title": "Two call centre executives robbed in moving car", "text": "GURGAON: In yet another case, two call centre executives, including a woman, were robbed by a gang who offered them a lift on Friday night. The gang members withdrew cash from the victims' accounts using their ATM cards before forcing them out of the car in two different localities.A senior police officer said that the victims, Dolly (name changed) and Shankar, work with a major BPO in Gurgaon. The female employee had planned to visit her native place in Punjab and had to take a train on early on Saturday morning around 4 am from Delhi. So the two left the office around 2.30 am.When they were waiting for transport near Shankar Chowk on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, a Santro car approached them and Shankar and Dolly took a lift.When the duo took the cab, only a driver was inside the car, but later three other persons posing as passengers boarded the cab. \"Instead of heading towards Delhi, the driver took a U-turn near the 32-lane toll plaza and drove towards Rajiv Chowk. The victims then realized that their co-passengers were part of a gang. They assaulted Shankar and took the two hostage at gunpoint. They kept roaming around the city for about an hour,\" said a senior police officer.The accused then beat them up to get their ATM card passwords and took out cash from an ATM booth. They also snatched the victims' purses and mobiles, and destroyed their phones' SIM cards.Finally, they forced Dolly out of the car at a lonely place on Darbaripur village road while Shankar was dumped near Narsinghpur on NH-8. Dolly approached a security guard who called the Badshapur police.\"We are investigating the case. Even in the past there have been similar robbery cases. However, we have not received any formal complaints from the victims. If they file a complaint, we will lodge an FIR,\" said Abhay Singh Rao, DCP (west).The cabbies' gang has been targeting unsuspecting passengers at will along the expressway late at night. Recently, they had beaten up and robbed an employee of an MNC whose office is in Connaught Place. The modus operandi is the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322314", "title": "Pre-board exams proving a party-pooper", "text": "BHOPAL: Call it a party-pooper or a spoilsport. For, this is what the pre-board exams for students of class XII of CBSE schools are turning out to be. Most CBSE-affiliated schools in the city will have their pre-board exams commencing on January 3, just two days after the New Year.In 50 CBSE schools in the city, 3,500-odd students will write pre-board exams. In the state, there are some 250 schools.\"Last year, I had gone for a nice party with other families from Shalimar Enclave, Arera Colony. It was a lot of fun.\" Anusha Kumar, a class XII student of Carmel Convent BHEL, said. \"This year I am stuck at home, studying for the exams which are just a couple of days away,\" she says.MP Board students have their pre-boards by the middle of of month, she says, \"The MP board students are having it a lot easier. It would have been better if the exams were postponed by at least a week or so. That would have enabled us to go partying with friends.\"\"It would definitely have come as a breather if exams were held back by about a week or so. It would have given us more time for preparation and celebrate the New Year,\" says Vinayak Tiwari, a student of Campion School. For some others like Akriti Sirur of Carmel Convent, class XII is the time for slogging and concentrating on preparations for the final Board exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11322340", "title": "Showers indicate return of intense cold in region", "text": "KANPUR: The western disturbance passing through the region caused isolated showers in the city on Saturday. The winds and cloud cover also brought a sudden change in the temperatures. Both minimum and maximum temperature increased on the day.The minimum temperature on Saturday was recorded at 8.2 degrees Celsius, which was just double then that of Friday, while the maximum temperature was recorded as 24.6 degrees Celsius. Owing to the cloud cover, the humidity which during morning hours was 75 per cent, was recorded at 88 per cent in the afternoon.Several parts of the state, including the city, are expected to experience thundershowers even on the first day of the New Year. According to the weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, cloudy weather is expected to continue for the next two to three days, which would then pave way for another round of cold days. Temperature is expected to fall steadily in the coming days with clouds and winter rains.The weather officials said that light to moderate rains or thundershower would occur at isolated places across the district. \"The change in the weather is due to the western disturbance which has been passing over the country. The cold winds will blow and it would rain in the days to come,\" said Anirudh Dubey, weather scientist, CST University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320601", "title": "Rare vultures sighted in Bhatti Mines area", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's bird lovers got a New Year's surprise. A pair of red-headed vultures, last documented in the capital over two decades ago and listed as critically endangered, has been spotted at Bhatti Mines.The birds were seen by Col Pradeep Sandhir, commanding officer of the Eco Task Force that is reviving the degraded eco-system. He had been sighting the birds for almost a week before he was finally able to photograph one and have it identified. \"It is a great find for Delhi. The bird had been abundant at one time but there has been no documentation for about 20 years. Meanwhile, some people had reported sighting the bird on a few occasions but there was never a positive identification,\" said Dr Surya Prakash, a prominent Delhi birder.Sources said the birds that had been seen near a water body at Bhatti Mines were likely to breed there. When last seen, it had been feasting on the carcass of a jackal.The bird, earlier found in abundance in the Indian sub-continent, spreading from India to Singapore, witnessed a rapid decline in the past two to three decades due to essentially diclofenac poisoning. In 1994 it was moved from the list of 'least concern' to 'near threatened'. In a little over a decade from then, its dwindling numbers forced its inclusion in the 'critically endangered list' in 2007. Prakash said that the red-headed vulture had been the most severely affected by diclofenac poisoning among the seven species of Indian vultures.Sources say the bird, found primarily in north India now in cultivated, semi-desert areas and foothills, cannot number more than 10,000 mature individuals.Bhatti Mines, with over a million saplings planted in the last 10 years, has become one of Delhi's richest eco-systems. Looked after by a battalion of retired army staff commanded by serving officials, the Bhatti Mines area boasts of 36 water bodies, 46 varieties of indigenous plants and over a 100 varieties of birds, butterflies, reptiles and mammals that are difficult to find elsewhere in the city.\"Birds that can be found here include green sandpiper, common sandpiper, crested pied cuckoos, eurasian golden oriole, sirkeer malkoha and painted sandgrouses. Butterflies like blue, plain and striped tigers and pansies, reptiles like monitor lizards, sand and garden lizards, cobras, kraits and saw scaled vipers are a fantastic indication of the eco-system.Among mammals that can be found here are three species of mongoose, Indian crested porcupines, golden jackal, bluebulls, nlack napped hare and a pack of striped hyenas,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11321999", "title": "Primary school teachers protest", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka State Primary School Teachers Association, Mysore chapter members, on Saturday staged a protest demanding that the government relieve them from the responsibility of the mid-day meal scheme.The protestors claimed that with the additional task of implementing the Akshara Dasoha scheme, academic activities are badly affected and students are suffering too.The government should immediately consider handing over the responsibility of the mid-day meal scheme to school development and monitoring committees or to local bodies and facilitate the teaching faculty to focus more on academic progress.They also urged to reinstate the headmaster of Katte Hunsur government school in H D Kote, who was suspended following the death of a school girl, Apoorva, after falling into a cauldron of hot sambar in mid-December. They claimed that taking action against the headmaster was unscientific.About 100 teachers including women participated in the day-long protest near the deputy commissioner's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11322238", "title": "Dhauladhar ranges await snowfall", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Adding to the disappointment of tourists and day-trippers visiting the town to celebrate the New Year eve, the mighty Dhauladhar ranges overlooking the tourist destination bore a grim look with almost no snow cover.Clear sky on the eve kept the holidaymakers out either shopping or visiting Tibetan monasteries, but depriving them of the enchanting moments of seeing white cover over the almost vertical mountains.Sightseers and honeymoon couples thronging from various parts of the world witnessed a sunny day on Saturday, even as hoteliers kept the spirits up by getting ready for the midnight extravaganza.Apart from tourists, even the local residents appeared dejected due to excessive delay in snowfall snowfall of the season this year. In absence of snow and rain, the winters are running dry with biting cold, hampering growth of fruits crops and disrupting the routine life here.\"We love snow and our mountains but it is sorrowful to see that the mountains are completely dry this time. We have seen snow-capped Dhauladhars throughout the year when we were young, but now it's all rocky and dry,\" said Rajinder Verma, a local resident. He added, \"It should have snowed by this time, but it's late by three weeks this year. We hope to see good snowfall on New Year day as predicted by the met department\".Experts say that global warming and increase in construction activity on the foothills has had an adverse impact in the Dhauladhars, which has led to too much delay in snowfall. Delhi-based environmentalist Chandarhash Sharma, who has done a number of environmental assignments in McLodganj area, said earlier it used to snow by the last week of December.\"It's strange that December is almost over but there is still no snow on the Dhauladhars. Earlier, it used to snow on the higher reaches at least thrice a year and there used to be snow all over the year even during summers,\" he said.Elaborating the reasons for less snowfall, he said global climatic changes have forced at least one degree rise in temperature in the Himalayas , adding that traffic, cement plants and methane gas emission from Bhakra and Pong dams too contributed to the shift in climate pattern. \"There used to be a fixed cycle of rainfall, which has been totally disturbed now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11322074", "title": "HC judge blames illiteracy for vice of child marriage", "text": "MYSORE: It has been six decades since India got independence, but an evil practice like child marriage still exists due to illiteracy, said Karnataka High Court Judge K L Manjunath here in Gandethuru of H D Kote taluk on Saturday.Manjunath was addressing the villagers at a legal awareness program organized by District Legal Services Authority and the district administration to prevent child marriage in the area.A week ago it came to light that the practice of child marriage is still practiced by Beda community, where a girl, after reaching puberty, irrespective of whether her age is 10 or 12, should marry a boy before she turns 15 and she fails to do so, she should not marry anyone in the future.Education is key to curb this practice. In Gandethuru, around 50 to 60 girls who are above 15 years are unmarried, said Manjunath. He pointed out that according to the Constitution, a girl should be provided education till 14 years of age.\"If parents had a minimum concern about their children, this practice wouldn't occur today in our society,\" he added. He said he was disturbed when he got to know of the prevalence of child marriage and came to educate the parents. He added that a girl should marry after 18 years of age and a boy after 21.\"Child marriage is illegal and a criminal case can be filed, which can get offenders two years imprisonment with a fine of Rs1 lakh,\" he said. Manjunath urged villagers to inform officers or the authority if they come across a case of child marriage. Gandethuru is not yet developed, as there is no school or bus facilities and bad roads, he stated.For the past 18 months, the district administration has been visiting every doorstep to curb the rate of fmale dropouts from SSLC. Officers noticed that 90 per cent of the girls dropped out of school as their parents were marrying them off, district in-charge S A Ramdas said. \"This year 315 SSLC dropouts were identified in the district,\" he added.The minister said it was shocking that the evil practice even existed in Mysore city and that in 2011-12, in Mysore district, 23 child marriage cases have been reported in which 21 child marriages were prevented. 90 per cent of child marriages are done by Schedule Tribes, he added. Social welfare minister A Narayanswamy said he will release funds for the development of infrastructure at Gandethuru. \"People here should develop socially,\" he said.The villagers took an oath that they would not practice child marriage in the future. Principal district and sessions judge H P Sandesh, DC P S Vastrad and SP Manish Kharbikar were present in the awareness program.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "11321951", "title": "Private nursing home under the scanner", "text": "SHIMOGA: In a swift action police identified the private nursing home which dumped two dozen foetuses in the gutter near the river bed on Friday. Swami Vivekananda nursing home in Tilak Nagar owned by Dr H L Mahendrappa who is also the district president of Indian Medical Association, Shimoga (IMA) has been identified and charged with violating four major acts pertaining to medical genecology and laws of pollution control acts.The two dozen foetuses scattered had caused apprehension and fear among public regarding unscrupulous ways of scanning pregnancy and spoiling unwanted foetus illegally in private nursing homes and demanded action.Shimoga deputy commissioner V Ponnuraj held an urgent meeting with the DHO and SP on the immediate action to be initiated on the owner of the nursing home and those responsible for this unpardonable illegal act. He said a prima facie case has already been established on the owner and a case has been registered and he cannot escape form the clutches of law due to his illegal violation of four major acts.He said the medical autopsy done on collected foetuses proved that it contained five male and 17 female foetuses, along with two that were difficult to analyse. He said by violating set procedures the owner has not maintained any records for his act in conducting menstrual termination of pregnancy (MTP) or for scanning adopted at his nursing home.He said detailed investigation is on and if it is proved the owner has to face a jail term ranging from 2 to 5 years, a fine and cancellation of license of his nursing home as well as his registration to practice.According to statistics available, there are 22 clinics have scanning facility in the district. Medical teams constituted by health department constantly monitor the activities of these nursing homes along with disposal of biomedical wastes.But nursing involved in the above case has not submitted any report since three months nor has taken care to follow any guidance as per rules. District administration and city municipal council have warned all private medical practitioners to follow strictly the medical rules failing which they will face strict action hence forth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11321828", "title": "VC mulls nixing plan on economics school", "text": "BANGALORE: The recent unsavoury developments at Bangalore University might subvert the varsity's ambitious plan to float the Bangalore School of Economics ( BSE).In the wake of allegations that he was trying to sell 50 acres of the Jnanabharati campus land to house the school for a pittance, vice-chancellor Dr N Prabhu Dev has said a decision must be taken whether to establish the school or not. He has sought public opinion on the issue.Some university officials and syndicate members had alleged that the vice-chancellor was trying to sell the land worth Rs 250 crore for as little as Rs 50 crore.The VC's letter, copies of which were released to the media, said, \"In the light of the battering Bangalore University has received at the hands of a few vested interests within BU in the last 45-50 days, and wild, baseless allegations and a smear campaign against me and Dr Sitharam Jindal, a decision has to be taken whether or not to establish the prestigious School of Economics to be funded by Jindal Group.\"I'm hurt by the smear campaign. I have my apprehensions about the viability and sustenance of the Rs 100-crore project because of the vengeful attitude of a section of the administration. It requires a sense of deep commitment and passion to establish a school of economics of global standards.\"A flustered vice-chancellor has come up with three options for the public to choose from: bring the economics school under Bangalore University; set it up under UGC Act, but outside the varsity purview; scrap the proposal. \"Please mail me your opinion,\" the letter reads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322284", "title": "Happy New Year greetings: Kids came together to extend wishes differently", "text": "BHOPAL: Going beyond wishing happy New Year, some children from across the world came together to extend greetings somewhat differently They are extending good wishes for the New Year by appealing people to make it a toxic-free world.They are child activists, who came together online from Bhopal to New York , Katni to France to support each other on issues they feel strongly about.For these child activists, the agenda does not include party themes or celebrations. Rather they bond well on issues closer to their hearts and concern the future generations.One among them is Bhopal-based Safreen Khan, a teen activist, part of 'Children against DOW'. In contact with her New York-based friends Akash Mehta, 12, and Gautama Mehta, 16, online, they exchange ideas for supporting fight for justice for the Bhopal gas victims and trying to find ways to put pressure on the Dow chemical company and their respective governments.Akash and Gautama also help other kids in distress around the world. Congo, Afghanistan and the US to name a few countries. They started a group called 'Kids for a Better Future' (KBF) some four years ago.\"We are fighting for justice and we plan to drum up more support this year. After all, it is our own future we are striving for,\" said Safreen.Child activists are striving to expand their footprint. They are extending their support to their friends against POSCO plant in Orissa, Nandigram and children of French town of Toulouse, which was rocked by a devastating chemical explosion in 2001.Children in lesser known towns of Madhya Pradesh are also not far behind. A student of class VII in Katni, Megha Motwani, said, \"My message this year is to tackle de-forestation and lessen the impact of coal-based power plants coming up in and around Katni.\"They are putting the medium of online to a great use. \"These children work hard to make voices of boys and girls heard, a development being taken note of by NGOs and government officials,\" said UNICEF communication specialist Anil Gulati, who runs a blog in his personal capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11322469", "title": "Vivekanand\u2019s life on the wheels", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To acquaint the denizens about the multifaceted personality of Swami Vivekananda, the railway administration is currently plying Vivek Express which would chug into the city on January 2. The train is presently traversing through different parts of the country so that people can take a glimpse of Swami Vivekananda's life and get inspiration from his philosophy.The train would be stationed on the VIP siding at Allahabad railway junction near Line Shah Baba for two days till January 3 and it would be opened for the general public. The train is being plied on the occasion of 150th birth anniversary of the great saint.The train comprises about four ICF coaches with detailed information about various facets of Swami Vivekananda. This train displays some of the rare photographs of the great saint and also some of the materials associated with his life.Swami Vivekananda was born as Narendra Nath Dutta in a Bengali family. He was the chief disciple of the 19th century mystic Ramkrishna Paramhansa and the founder of the Ramkrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission. He is considered as a key figure in the introduction of Hindu philosophies of Vedanta and Yoga to the \"Western\" World. He is also credited with raising interfaith awareness, bringing Hinduism to the status of a major world religion during the end of the 19th century Further, Vivekananda is considered to be a major force in the revival of Hinduism in modern India.Swami Vivekananda was born in an aristocratic Bengali family of Kolkata on January 12, 1863. Vivekananda's parents influenced his thinking-his father by his rationality and his mother by her religious temperament. From his childhood, he showed an inclination towards spirituality and God realization. His guru Ramakrishna, taught him Advaita Vedanta (non-dualism); that all religions are true and that service to man was the most effective worship of God.After the death of his Guru, Vivekananda became a wandering monk, touring different parts of the country and acquiring first-hand knowledge of conditions in India. He later traveled to Chicago and represented India as a delegate in the 1893 Parliament of World Religions. He conducted hundreds of public and private lectures and classes, disseminating Vednata and Yoga in America, England and Europe.He also established the Vedanta socities in America and England.Talking to TOI, public relations officer of North Central railway Manzar Karrar has urged the denizens to see Vivek Express and get acquainted with the illustrious life of Swami Vivekananda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320397", "title": "Fog wreaks havoc, 200 flights delayed", "text": "NEW DELHI: With dense fog affecting the Delhi Airport for the second day in a row, Saturday saw major flight delays in the morning and afternoon hours. Most delays were caused due to air traffic congestion since only one runway was being used for most departures. About 200 flights were delayed through the day by one to four hours.\"CAT-III dense fog enveloped the new runway between 4.30am and 8.30am during which time very few operations could take place. The main runway was used for almost all departures in the morning. Delhi handles about 900 flights each day and it is impossible to manage traffic with only one runway in operation,\" said sources.Visibility went down from 200m to 50m, between 6.30pm on Friday to 12.30am on Saturday. From 1.30am, very dense fog developed over the area with visibility below 50m. However, there was some respite between 6.30am and 8.30am. The runway visibility range (RVR) at the new runway fluctuated from 50m to almost zero between 1.30am and 7.30am.Low visibility procedures implemented close to midnight were finally lifted at 12.27pm. During this time, 49 flights operated in CAT-I conditions, 23 operated in CAT-II conditions and 17 operated in CAT-III conditions.\"No departures are possible till RVR is at least 125m. The airport is prepared for arrivals at even 50m but usually only international flights operate at that minima. Several domestic flights chose to operate with a minimum RVR of 75m. For a short while, even the main runway could not be used. Many flights on Saturday were held back due to congestion. We were also handling Friday's backlog,\" said airport sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321075", "title": "Cold waves countinues unabated; Mount Abu 0.5\u00b0 Churu 1.9\u00b0", "text": "JAIPUR: Cold waves continued unabated as winter intensifies in the state. Churu and Mount Abu remained the coldest places in the plains and the hills respectively with a minimum temperature of 1.9\u00b0 and 0.5\u00b0 Celsius, the Met office said on Saturday.The winter added its woes with cloudy conditions in northern parts of the state where throughout the day, the sun played a hide and seek.Jaipurites woke up to a chilly morning and in the afternoon the icy winds continued to affect normal life. Fog followed by the clouds compelled people inside their houses. But in the evening despite a cold weather, people of every walk of life came out to celebrate the New Year's eve. The city recorded a minimum temperature of 9.2\u00b0 Celsius. Though it was a bit higher compared to earlier days in the week when the city witnessed a minimum temperature below 6\u00b0 Celsius.Following the continuous fog in the morning, traffic on the highways connecting Jaipur to Agra, Jaipur to Sriganganagar and Jaipur to Delhi was chaotic. Almost a dozen of Jaipur-bound trains arrived late at the railway station here. At least four flights took off late from the Jaipur airport due to the poor weather in Delhi in the morning.Attributing the ongoing spell to the arrival of western disturbances and upper air cyclonic circulation, the Met office said that in the next 48 hours, the northerly winds would be revived. Some of parts of the state will also witness mild rain and thundershowers.Churu and Mount Abu were followed by Sriganganagar that recorded a minimum temperature of 2.4\u00b0 Celsius, Bikaner 4\u00b0, Pilani 4.3\u00b0, Jaisalmer 6\u00b0, Chittorgarh 8.1\u00b0, Vanasthali 8.8\u00b0, Ajmer 9.7\u00b0 and Kota recorded a minimum temperature of 11.4\u00b0 Celsius.Met office said in the next couple of days Jaipur may witness mild rainfall due to which the mercury could further dip. The minimum and maximum temperatures in Jaipur would be 7\u00b0and 21.6\u00b0 Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11322057", "title": "Cityfolk ring in 2012 abroad", "text": "MYSORE: Flying abroad on vacations is the in thing in Mysore. This New Year's eve, most Mysoreans are headed to Thailand , Dubai, Indonesia , Singapore and Maldives.Bookings shot up by at least 40 per cent, say stakeholders in the tourism sector. Both young and middle-aged groups booked trips ahead of the big day. The upcoming Dubai shopping festival is also a big draw. A high disposable income coupled with easy access has increased the number of visitors to near-by countries.Travel co-ordinators of an agency in the city, Rahul and Mithlesh C K said: \"Dubai's big event around the New Year is attracting people even from small cities like Mysore. Since the New Year has coincided with the weekend, it provides the best time to visit these countries,\" they say.Naveen Patel, who works at a cell phone company, is excited about celebrating in Bangkok . \"Bangkok is the best option. Visiting any tourism spot at this time of the year is sure to be fun,\" he says. This is his fourth visit to Bangkok.For Sanjay Jain, who works for a private firm as a human resource executive, it is destination Thailand. This is his first time there.\"The cost doesn't stop me from visiting these countries. Celebrations differ in each country. If one wants to soak in the different atmospheres, they must visit these countries. Visiting south East Asian countries is economical too as the cost will only be a bit more then visiting big cities like Mumbai and Delhi,\" he says.Assistant manager of another travelling agency, Madan Kumar, said there was great demand for trips to South Asian countries. \"Some of the countries like Maldives can be visited throughout the year. People started booking days ahead of the New Year. They are staying for a minimum of four days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11293567", "title": "No nip-tuck for K-Town", "text": "Very few women in the film industry here opt for cosmetic surgery as compared to their northern counterpartsWe all know Bollywood actresses are always under pressure to look their best. What with Rakhi Sawant stating on national television, \"Jo God nahi deta hai, woh doctor deta hai\" (what God doesn't give, the cosmetic surgeon does), enhancing looks through surgery, seems to have become an acceptable practice for many women in Mumbai and north India.Chennai and south India are in sharp contrast to this trend. Rarely do actresses choose the surgical option, preferring to age gracefully with nature. Actor Khushbu, who is comfortable in their own skin, says, \"In south India, there is a simple logic at work. You won't find women in their late 30s working as leading ladies. They are content being homemakers and take to being entrepreneurs. Thus, it doesn't put any pressure on them, as compared to women in Bollywood.\"Since most women in B-Town want to prolong their shelf life in the film business, looking good becomes mandatory - and whether young or old, cosmetic surgery seems to be the mantra for fame. But in Kollywood, no one is rushing for a nip and tuck Simran believes that it may have to do with the competitiveness of the film industries too. \"It is harder for one to make an impact nationally as opposed to regional cinema. This is one reason why lesser women in south Indian industries go in for correctional surgeries or Botox as compared to the north,\" she says.While this may be the case in tinseltown, Dr Priya Selvaraj, who's quite familiar with Chennai's societal trends, points out that there is an increased awareness in the city today. \"Chennai has always bloomed late as a society. We're people who are content following our grandmother's remedies as opposed to taking to the latest lifestyle and beauty trends. One major reason the lack of good cosmetic surgeons. But, there are a few who can afford to go to north India or abroad to enhance their beauty,\" she points out. A top Kollywood actor feels that the south Indian film industry is \"far more accepting when it comes to heroines.\" \"The industry here looks for talent in its actors. Even when it comes to the men, like Rajinikanth sir, everyone is seen for their charm and persona and not just looks,\" he says.Khushbu too admits that the generation today has become more receptive to such thoughts. \"There are a lot of women today who go in for correctional surgeries or for Botox. The city is seeing an increased awareness in this front. I don't think it's wrong, how many flaws can photoshop hide after all?\" quips Khushbu.Summing it up, Simran says, \"Earlier, people in the industry wanted their heroines to be well-endowed and healthy. Today, there are leading ladies here who are at par with the size zero heroines in Bollywood. The trend is changing. I don't see anything wrong if someone opts for such surgeries. After all, looking good is something everyone aspires for.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11321994", "title": "PCDF to resume milk quality test from January 3", "text": "LUCKNOW: Pradesh Cooperative Dairy Federation is all set to start the second phase of its campaign against milk adulteration. Managing director, SK Prasad, informed that PCDF would hold camps in the city and conduct live demonstrations. Interested persons need to bring about 150 ml of raw milk for testing to show presence of caustic soda and water.The first phase of the drive took place between November 15 and December 20. Primary findings gathered through results of spot testing conducted by Parag revealed that nearly one-third of the samples (35.2%) revealed presence of caustic soda, while less than 10% samples were pure. To note, caustic soda is an important ingredient in detergent powders.Of all the localities, Aliganj's Dandaiya Bazaar represented the worst scenario. Here, not even a single sample turned out to be pure and over 51% samples contained strains of caustic soda. State of affairs in Nishatganj was almost the same. Sarvodaya Nagar followed next with 37.5 % samples adulterated with caustic soda.Jankipuran and Campbell Road (Balaganj) also reported a high level of adulteration with caustic soda. Over 55.4% samples showed presence of water.\"The camps will take place at eight locations between January 3 and 21 in Alambagh, Eldeco Colony, Vrindavan Yojana and Old Jail Road,\" said officials. He added that a day before the camps, volunteers will visit these localities to inform people about their activities.\"If they had doubts over quality of milk being supplied to them, they can bring a sample of raw milk to the camp for testing,\" they added.Quality experts at Parag revealed that besides water and caustic soda, urea was a commonly used adulterant. \"It increases milk's shelf life,\" said an officer. The other adulterants are: starch, oil, sugar, common salt, liquid sugar, lactose and detergents. \"Sugar is added to make the milk more palatable. It also adds to the proportion of SNF (Solids not fat),\" they said.The Indian Council of Medical Research has reported that milk adulterants pose risk to health. For instance, soap in milk, can cause gastrointestinal complications including food poisoning. Its high alkaline level can also damage body tissue and destroy proteins while, synthetic components can cause impairments, heart problems, cancer or even death.Prasad said that a need for the drive was felt considering frequent complains of milk adulteration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11322656", "title": "New Year resolutions: Good to make, great to break", "text": "MUMBAI: The joke goes that promises are like babies, fun to make but difficult to keep. New Year resolutions top that category.Take the case of Andheri resident Claus D'souza, who tilts the scale at a robust 90 kg. He prepared a detailed weight loss chart last year, complete with a table of the amount of fat he would have to work off each week from January through December. \"Only I lost the list in the first week itself,\" he said. This year, he has drafted another chart and is hoping to stick to the regimen.Actor Ajay Devgn has other ideas. Tongue firmly in cheek, he says he has resolved to \"work less and earn more\". \"And that still doesn't include dancing at weddings,\" he quipped.Last night, every New Year party is likely to have had at least one binge drinker who filled himself to bursting in the firm belief that this was the last time he would do so. But typically, New Year resolutions are meant to be broken, and most of them are likely to be back at a bar next New Year's Eve.On a sober note, this is the reason Alcoholics Anonymous organizes a night-long vigil on December 31 for members who have stuck to their promise \"one day at a time\". They start arriving at the meet-up shortly before midnight, the bewitching hour when temptation peaks, and sit till dawn breaks with family and peers in the company of the only beverages that are kosher-tea/coffee and soft drinks.Spending less time on the computer is a 21st century aim. Giving up smoking and losing weight are the other favourites, and each year, the number of slimming packages put out by health clinics increases. This season, a nicotine substitute has been painting the town red, saying it can help people who wish to quit the cancer stick.Some funny resolutions have graduated to T-shirt quotes as well. Finding innovative excuses to keep off work tops the list. Some promises are meant to be brokenAmong funny resolutions, avoiding a bath to conserve water almost makes the grade, while throwing your weight around is getting there.A resolution that stood out was media professional Maniza Irani's. Dreading entering the daunting thirties with her Facebook status still saying 'single', she has made a raft of promises.\"I have prepared a list of small resolutions, all aligned to fulfill one big promise I have made to myself. I have to get married during the calendar year of 2012. So, I have resolved to learn cooking, sewing and housekeeping,\" Irani said, wearing a serious expression. Life-altering goals aside, Irani also plans to travel to one station each day to learn about the roads of Mumbai as this will help her find her way around on work.Those who have gone through the rigmarole in previous years hand out a few helpful pointers.The trick to save oneself the embarrassment of a failed attempt is to rope in family and friends ,'' says Ashish Nair, who swore to cut down smoking two years ago. Tell them to reinforce the good behaviour and check you when you lapse. My boss and colleagues kept reminding me of my new year resolution and along with positive reinforcement at home, it did help me through the initial period of withdrawal.''In another handy tip, Ashish says not to raise the bar too high before climbing the first step. You will not be able to cut your quota from three packs to three cigarettes a day, so don't try. Instead, set yourself a gradual and attainable goal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11321261", "title": "Mystery surrounds couple's death", "text": "AKOLA: Mystery shrouded the death of a couple at their residence in Sagar Colony, Yashwant Nagar following gas cylinder explosion on Friday morning.The deceased were identified as Harishchandra Ingle (38) and his wife Sukeshini (35).Police were baffled as two LPG cylinders in the house were found intact while the smell of either petrol or kerosene was emanating from the deceased and the injured persons. The story put forth by the police that there was an explosion as was said in the declaration given by Sadhna, sister of Harishchandra, was not acceptable as the cylinders were in place.Harishchandra had retired from military and was working as a security guard in an oil company depot at village Gaigaon near here. At the time of the incident, neighbours said, there were cans of petrol and kerosene which might have caught fire and claimed the life of the couple.Possibility of the couple, Harishchandra and Sukeshini entering into a suicide pact, was being discussed when the man told one of his sons Abhijit that the family would not celebrate his birthday on January 18. However, reports said that Sukeshini insisted on celebrating the birthday which might have led to a quarrel and the subsequent suicide, or otherwise. Freeze, TV, cooler, sofa and other household goods were reduced to ashes. This led to speculation that it could be a case of joint suicide.There were also talks of some motive other than the suicide. But it could not be corroborated. There was no independent eye-witness to the case. Two sons of the couple, Harshal and Abhijit, were yet to come to terms with the tragedy.Sources said that Sadhna Arakhrao, elder sister of Harishchandra and neighbour Manisha Gawai, who also sustained injuries, can provide information but they are saying that there was an explosion. There are a few takers to this theory , sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mapusa/panaji", "code": "11320613", "title": "Accidents, jams bring in 2012", "text": "MAPUSA/PANAJI: With tourists flocking to Goa to bring in 2012, bumper-to-bumper traffic jams and accidents, including one fatality, were the fate on many of Goa's roads on Saturday.As vehicles bearing Karnataka, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat and Delhi number plates headed to North Goa's popular beach destinations, a ripple effect was felt on all roads leading to Candolim, Calangute, Baga and beyond.A senior traffic police officer told STOI, \"Our main concern today is to ensure smooth flow of traffic. Our police personnel have been diverting and managing traffic throughout the day to ensure smooth flow.\"While a minor accident was registered in Panaji, another was registered at Old Goa. Mapusa witnessed two, including one fatality.The traffic police source said, \"At such a time, when there is so much traffic on the roads, we are finding it very difficult to book cases of traffic violations.\"\"We had planned to book cases of drunken driving, rash driving, and other traffic violations, but realized that while we were stopping vehicles for traffic violations, the exercise was resulting in long traffic pileups,\" said the source.The two accidents in Mapusa, meanwhile, occurred in a span of one hour between 4 and 5pm.Two were seriously injured while one succumbed to injuries.Chandrakant Tembkar, 61, was on his bicycle travelling from Mapusa to Canca when he was hit by a car. Tembkar died on the spot. Mapusa police have registered a case against the vehicle driver.In the other incident, two 18-year-olds were seriously injured when their motorcycle was hit by a car near the Bodgeshwar temple.The injured, Mallikarjun Marathe from Sirsaim and Prasad Gaumkar from Advalpal, were on their way to Mapusa from Calangute.Mapusa police have registered a case against the car driver Francis Fernandes from Aldona. Both the injured have been shifted to GMC, Bambolim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11321785", "title": "Mansur music school inaugurated in Dharwad", "text": "The Dr Mallikarjun Mansur Music school in Dharwad was dedicated to the people on the occasion of Mansur's birth anniversary celebration in Dharwad on Saturday.Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain, who is the chairman of the Dr Mallikarjun Mansur Memorial Trust inaugurated the music school located at the vocalist's house opposite Akashwani.Speaking after inaugurating the music school, Mr Jain said, this was a dream come true for scores of young musicians and vocalists who were eager to practice music in this school.The district administration in association with the department of Kannada and Culture has renovated the house of Dr Mansur and has now transformed it into a music library cum school.The music school would facilitate the upcoming musicians to undergo continuous training in Hindustani classical music.All efforts are made to rope in senior artists of international fame to visit the music school and hold classes for the young talents, Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320606", "title": "PCMC implements 143 works based on citizens' suggestions", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has implemented 143 works worth Rs 7.13 crore in the last 2 years on the suggestions given by citizens.Chief accounts officer V T Bhosale said, \"Civic bodies need to invite suggestions from citizens for inclusion in the budget to secure funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) scheme. The expenditure limit for each project suggested by a citizen is Rs 10 lakh. The civic body received 173 suggestions from 108 citizens while preparing the budgets for 2010-11. Of which, 71 worth Rs 1.78 crore were implemented.\"Bhosale said the civic body received 140 suggestions from 52 citizens for 2011-12 budget out of which 72 were implemented at a cost of Rs 5.35 crore. \"The civic body has invited suggestions from citizens for inclusion in the 2012-13 budget. The suggestions have to be submitted by January 10. The application forms for submitting these suggestions are available free-of-cost at the four zonal offices. The citizens can also fill the forms online on the civic body's website.\"Bhosale further said the suggestions should be for works like installing garbage bins, streetlights, traffic signals and bus shelters; creating footpath, asphalting roads, starting a public library, improvements in gardens and parks. These suggestions will be scrutinized at the zonal offices. If the suggestions are found suitable, the zonal offices will include them in the works to be implemented at zonal level and send it as part of their zone's budget to the accounts department.Bhosale said the civic body had first invited suggestions in 2007 for 2007-08 budget and had received suggestions from 18 citizens. Thirty-four citizens had given suggestions while preparing the budget for 2008-09 while 66 citizens had submitted suggestions for 2009-10 budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11322966", "title": "Inter practical exam as per jumbling system: Minister", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Asserting that Intermediate practical examinations will be held as per the jumbling system which would have students appearing for their practical exams in a college not their own, education minister K Pardha Saradhi on Saturday said that the decision had been taken with a view to improving the standard and transparency of the examination system.Speaking to reporters here on Saturday, Saradhi said that the state government had delayed the implementation of the jumbling system by a year in order to set up labs in all government colleges.Since a majority of these colleges have science laboratories , the jumbling system will be followed from the current academic year itself, Saradhi said.He said that the Intermediate syllabus would be changed in the next academic year to match the CBSE syllabus so that students from the state did not have to face any hassles while taking the National Eligibility Entrance Test (Neet) for admission into medical colleges.He said that a state-level training centre was being set up at a cost of Rs 15 crore to provide better training modules for teaching staff at junior colleges. Rs 10 crore had been allocated for the setting up of science laboratories in all government schools, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321433", "title": "Assam Police gets new chief", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a week-long hunt, the Assam government on Saturday chose additional director of intelligence bureau Jayanta Narayan Choudhury as the DGP replacing outgoing police chief Sankar Baruah.Choudhury came out with flying colours from among the five probable candidates shortlisted by the state security council. The 1978 batch IPS officer pipped four other officers - DGP-cum-chairman of Assam Police Housing Corporation Ltd Subhas Goswami of the 1977 batch, Meghalaya additional director general of police (HQ) Prem Singh of the 1977 batch , additional director general of CRPF DK Pathak of 1979 batch IPS officer and DG housing and civil defence in Assam Police Rajendra Kumar of the 1980 batch.Born in 1955, Choudhury's first posting was as sub-divisional police officer in Bongaigaon. He later became the SP of Lakhimpur district. Soon after, he went on deputation to the intelligence bureau and was the joint director in Kolkata and then went to IB headquarters in New Delhi where he served for the last 24 years. Choudhury hails from Panitola in Dibrugarh district. The outgoing DGP's term ends on Saturday but his successor will not able to assume charge for at least a week as he is on deputation on central government services, a police source said.Baruah was given a ceremonial farewell at the 4th Assam Police Battalion headquarters here at Kahilipara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321350", "title": "Football fever returns to state", "text": "GUWAHATI: After almost three decades since the Bordoloi Trophy lost its popularity in Assam, the football fever has returned to the city. Shillong Lajong, the pioneer football team of the northeast that won over Mumbai FC and United Kerala in the recent I-league, raised the hope for football in the northeast. Guwahati was a spectator to the exciting matches in which Lajong defeated the two teams, which also showed the potential of the northeastern players.\"Football has become a dying sport here due to the lack of professionalism of the state's football teams. Shillong Lajong are now hiring players from foreign countries and earning money through their game. They have no dearth of sponsors. The team is so successful because of its professionalism. It is time for Assam football clubs need to become professional too,\" said Hemendra Nath Brahma, president of Assam Football Association.\"We are going to organize the State Premier League in March, 2012 in which eight best football clubs of Assam will take part,\" Brahma informed. He expressed hope that the construction of AFA's training centre at Bijoynagar in Kamrup will be completed soon.\"With players' hostel, guest houses and modern coaching facilities, the training centre will be a premier centre of learning for the budding talent. Hopefully, AFA will be able to produce some quality football players to establish Assam in the national circuit,\" the president added.Former striker of the Indian seniors' football team from Assam Debashis Roy pointed out that more local senior players should be involved in the AFA. Roy said, \"The Guwahati Town Club has emerged as the pioneer club of Assam as it has a hostel and a ground for its players. But the other football teams in Guwahati do not have a field for regular practice as there is always some event being held at the Nehru stadium and the Judges' field. This poses the biggest problem for footballers in the city.\"He asked the AFA to rectify the selection process. He urged the AFA to penetrate in the rural areas, adding that Assam football is lagging behind because the AFA is not giving due importance to the rural players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11321812", "title": "Parents donate 15-yr-old boy\u2019s vital organs", "text": "BANGALORE: Fifteen-year-old Abhishek Manjunath died after he was run over by a multi-utility vehicle. But his father Manjunath L, an autorickshaw driver, has ensured that his son has breathed life into five people.Following a decision taken by Manjunath, doctors at BGS Global Hospital on Friday harvested his son's heart, liver, a kidney and both eyes which were transplanted into five individuals.Abhishek was returning home from school when the four-wheeler hit him near Bidadi on Mysore Road on December 13. He was rushed to hospital with severe head injuries.\"His brain and a kidney were critically damaged. He was put in ICU. After about five days, he was declared brain dead. We then informed the Zonal Co-ordination Committee of Karnataka which counselled the parents to donate the boy's organs. Abhishek's parents readily agreed,\" said Dr K N Prakash, deputy director (medical services), BGS Global Hospital.\"We felt no hesitation in donating our son's organs. My wife, too, readily agreed to it, as by doing so we could see our son alive in five people,\" said Manjunath.Abhishek's incident is the third such in less than a week. On Thursday, the family of a Rajasthani businessman got his organs harvested after he was declared brain dead in a city hospital. Earlier in the week, the vital organs of Swarna Jaswanth, who died after falling from the second floor of her college building, were donated by her parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11322482", "title": "'Facilitate people-to-people India-Pakistan dialogue\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The eight Joint Convention of the Pakistan India Peoples Forum for Peace and Democracy ( PIPFPD) concluded in Allahabad on Saturday while calling on the people of India and Pakistan to resist global hegemony and support peoples' resistance movements in a spirit of international solidarity.The three day event comprised cultural programmes, including performances by Seema Anil Sehgal, the Gundecha brothers, Mahmood Farooqi and Nadira Babbar. In a keynote address to the convention, Dr Ravi Sinha of the New Socialist Initiative discussed the dangers posed by global hegemony, pliant nation states and totalitarian communities.The delegates at 8th joint convention of the Pakistan India Peoples' Forum for Peace and Democracy (PIPFPD) have expressed concern over the strained relations between the two nations since PIPFPD's last convention held in 2005.Speaking at the joint convention that, concluded here on Saturday, delegates said the people of the two countries should foster a strong friendship to ease tension. The convention pledged to reinforce democracy, socio-economic justice and defend the security as well as the right to life and livelihood of the people on both the sides.The participants also said that the Delhi Declaration of the 2005 Joint Convention had decided to \"appoint a joint committee to deliberate the question of establishing peace and goodwill between the peoples (as distinct from the elite) of India and Pakistan on a permanent basis. However due to objective factors beyond the Forum and our subjective weaknesses, these decisions were not implemented.This convention reiterates its determination to translate these decisions into reality in the coming days. At the same time, it emphasizes the need to evolve new strategies and launch initiatives to facilitate people to people dialogue and hold regular joint conventions without interruption or undue delay.The Convention also took note of and decried the expansionist designs of the Indian and Pakistani governments. The \" war on terror\" and these economic policies have fanned the flames of religious fundamentalism. The explosive combination of religion with politics has added to the volatility of the region and threatens the minorities of both countries. Women , children and marginalized sections bear the brunt of these intolerant extremist tendencies.The Forum was of the firm opinion that the problem of Kashmir must be resolved in accordance with the wishes of the people on both sides of the Line of Control. The working group on Kashmir specifically demanded an immediate end to the violation of human rights on all sides; unrestricted travel across the Line of Control; opening of communication channels and travel routes; the enhancement of trade relations and people to people contacts with an emphasis on students and youth; the demilitarization of both Kashmirs; an immediate withdrawal of forces from Siachen and its declaration as a peace zone; and the repeal of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act.The Forum extends its wholehearted support to the growing peoples' movements for justice and control over their own societies and natural resources. It expresses its concern at the repressive policies adopted by both governments against resistance movements.The Convention condemned the increasing number of disappearances and extra-judicial killings of political activists and human rights defender in Balochistan. It further denounces the mounting repression in Chhattisgarh, Orisssa, Kashmir, and the North-Eastern parts of India. We call on both governments to eschew violence in favour of peaceful methods and dialogue to resolve these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322840", "title": "I always want to raise the bar", "text": "How would you sum up 2011?It has been an excellent year for me. We started it with the Asian Cup where I scored two goals. I rejoined Mohun Bagan, where my journey in the big league started. I got the Arjuna Award and we successfully defended the SAFF Cup, where I was the highest scorer (7 goals). It's been quite satisfying.Relishing the challenge of leading the Indian attack in the post-Baichung era?I had a wonderful time playing with Baichung. I learnt a lot from him as well as Rennedy Singh. Having them around always made my work easier . The new guys l i ke Je j e ( L a - l p e k h l u a ) a re very talented, and it's a dif ferent kind of challenge and experience playing with these youngsters.How important was the SAFF Cup triumph?SAFF Cup was a tricky tournament for us. Nepal came to Delhi after training for three months. So did Afghanistan and the M a l d ive s. We didn't get too m u ch time to prepare but were expected to win it, otherwise everyone would have said, 'Oh they can't even win the SAFF' ! So it was good that we won the tournament beating teams which are a little better or worse than us.Looking at 2012, India will be banking on you when they defend the AFC Challenge Cup, to be held in March in Nepal...Yeah, it's an important tournament for Indian football. We had qualified for the 2011 Asian Cup by winning this tournament in 2008. If we qualify again, it will be a huge boost for us as we will be able to develop as a football nation. But it will be more challenging in Nepal.Any new year's resolution?I always want to learn more... That's my driving force. I'm proud to represent my country in international matches and am quite happy playing for Mohun Bagan. But as a player, I also want to raise the bar for myself.I had a four-year deal with Kansas. The first couple of months were real tough and I had to adjust a lot. But I had to come back for the Asian Cup and then the transfer window (for a return to the MLS) got closed. I also had a good interaction with Rangers manager Ally McCoist . There wasn't enough time for him to assess me and Jeje. But the good thing is that they have promised to keep a tab on us.Where would you like to see yourself in 2012? In India or abroad?I will be a free player after my contract with Mohun Bagan ends in May. I won't stop trying, for sure. Let's see what is in store for me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11323010", "title": "Persistent Excise Raids Fail To Stem Flow Of Gudamba", "text": "HYDERABAD: Uninterrupted supply of illicit liquor from Dhoolpet to areas like Charminar and Malakpet is taking a heavy toll on lives of denizens addicted to the killer liquid.Though the officials claim that there is decline in the production and supply of g u d a m b a, liquor made from black jaggery, the trends and figures obtained by TOI speak differently .People in the area allege that the nexus between police and excise officials is mainly responsible for more production and innovative modes of its supply to the consumers. They point out that despite the area falling under the jurisdiction of seven police stations and the presence of a big excise office, illicit liquor distillation is rampant. \"G u d a m b a can be made easily on a kitchen top stove. But to make it on a bigger scale b h a t t i s or kilns are used. They sell the produce secretly carrying it on scooters and in cars to evade arrests . The production is uninterrupted by raids or arrest of couriers as the brewers come back on bail and continue their activities,\" said a local who did not want to be named.Inayat Ali Baqury of Andhra Pradesh Mahila Welfare Society, one of the several organizations working with addicts , paints a grim picture when explaining the social problems emanating out of g u d a m b a addiction. \"Most people who consume liquor are also addicted to g a n j a (marijuana). Those addicted to both these substances barely make it beyond 40 years. The dead leave behind poor families to fend for themselves . At present we have more than 150 children who have been rehabilitated owing to addiction related deaths of their parents. We also receive several cases of family quarrels directly attributable to g u d a m b a consumption at our counselling centres,\" he says.The figures from excise department quantify the magnitude of the problem. The figures show that in the last seven months alone, a whopping 82,974 litres of g u d a m b a was seized in Dhoolpet while 16,445 litres and 6794 litres were seized from Charminar and Malakpet areas respectively. The department officials say that 90 per cent of g u d a m b a that is consumed in the city is distilled in Dhoolpet and distributed to other areas including Charminar and Malakpet where no distillation activity has been reported so far. \"The amount of illegal liquor that is available in these areas is much higher that what the officials have seized. It could be 35-40 per cent higher. The illegal liquor business from these areas would be about 5-8 per cent of legal liquor sales in the city,\" said a police source.Besides g u d a m b a, the consumption of toddy is also widely prevalent in these areas despite the beverage being banned within city limits. A total of 1903 litres of illegal toddy was seized from Dhoolpet while 2699 litres and 446 litres were seized from Charminar and Malakpet respectively. Officials say that while g u d a m b a is usually not mixed with narcotic substances, half of the illegal toddy seized is adulterated with such additives.\"Toddy sale is banned in Hyderabad but it finds its way from government toddy compounds on the outskirts like Rai Durg near Gachibowli and Rajendra Nagar. Toddy is usually mixed with substances like Alprazolam. If a person is caught selling toddy mixed with ingredients meant for higher levels of intoxication , then he can be arrested and denied bail,\" said an official associated with Charminar excise station.Excise officials claim that close to 2000 arrests concerning sale of illegal liquor have been made in these three areas this year.Baqury feels that a combative approach is required to tackle this problem . \"In addition to social awareness and education, a strong enforcement policy is required. It is due to lack of such a policy, the problem has blown out of proportion,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11329308", "title": "Sufi concert to open Sayajirao's 150th birth anniversary celebrations", "text": "VADODARA: The 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III - the erstwhile ruler of Baroda state - will begin with a live Sufi music concert.'We the Barodians', an open unstructured forum of citizens patronized by the scion of the royal family Maharaja Ranjitsinh Gaekwad, will organise the music concert as a curtain raiser to the year long celebrations.The concert which will witness performance of Kavita Seth will be organised on January 3 (Tuesday) which will mark the Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad Diamond Jubilee Day. The diamond jubilee day marks 60 years of golden rule of the visionary ruler of the Baroda state.\"This is the second Sufi concert which will be organised at the Laxmi Vilas Palace,\" Gaekwad informed media persons on Sunday. \"The year long celebrations to mark contributions of Sir Sayajirao are being planned in all the districts including Amreli, Dwarka, Navsari, Mehsana among others which were once part of the Baroda state. These programmes will not be just entertainment oriented but also for educational purposes.\"\"Organisers like Vadodara Marathon have already kicked off programmes to mark the year. Maharaja Sayajirao had given many firsts during his tenure as ruler of Baroda state. The year long celebrations too will be such that will be befitting to his stature,\" added Gaekwad.Last year, 'We the Barodians' had invited Sufi singer Dhruv Sangari to perform live at the Laxmi Vilas Palace to mark the Maharaja Sayajirao Day on January 3, 2011 for which the magnificent palace was all lit up.Seth, who will be performing this year, holds a post graduate degree in Hindustani classical music and has performed at many national and international festivals including those at London , Scotland, Berlin , Oslo and Birmingham among others. The concert will also witness a 30 minutes performance of \"Turkish Sufi Samba Dance\" by Manoj Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321375", "title": "Seba plans new syllabus and evaluation system next year", "text": "GUWAHATI: The board of secondary education, Assam (SEBA) and Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC), are planning a new system of evaluation, better training of teachers and syllabus upgradation for the secondary and higher secondary levels during its golden jubilee year in 2012.SEBA chairman Shantikam Hazarika said, \"We will first concentrate on some minor changes. We will try and reach out to more schools in remote areas. We want to impart special training to teachers in remote areas. Many teachers are still following the old methods and techniques of teaching. We want to give them motivational training so that they can do the evaluation better.\"He added, \"The Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system will be adopted for evaluation. Besides that, we are thinking of a complete revamp of the SEBA website around February next year.\"In the last HSLC examination, many errors in admit and registration cards were reported and to reduce these errors, the board will take necessary steps. \"There are about four lakh students and sometimes there can be errors in computer entries. But if an error is reported to us, action will be taken in 24 hours,\" he said.He gave the example of a school last year where 99 students could not sit for the exam because of admit card problems. \"But as soon as the matter was reported to us, we corrected the errors,\" he said.Besides, the SEBA building will also be renovated in the golden jubilee year. There are also talks of changing the curriculum from 2013.\"We have the national curriculum and also the regional requirement. So we need to change the curriculum keeping in mind regional needs,\" he said.The AHSEC is focusing on the higher secondary examination of 2012 and from this year onwards, NCERT-prescribed books were introduced at the higher secondary level and now, basing on the performance of students, further steps will be taken.Secretary U C Das said, \"As of now, we are only focusing on exams, after that we will see what new steps can be taken basing on this year's performance and we will also ensure that this time, too, the results are declared on time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11322182", "title": "Syndicate vetoes appointment of controller of exams", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The University of Kerala syndicate which met here on Wednesday vetoed the appointment of the university controller of exams nominated by the selection committee headed by the vice- chancellor.The three-member selection committee comprising of vice-chancellor A Jayakrishnan and two other syndicate members had nominated K Madhu Kumar as the controller of exams. The syndicate struck down the nomination by 10 votes against eight.\"The question before the syndicate was whether the candidate is eligible for the post or not. Since most of the members were convinced that the candidate was not eligible for the post, the majority decided to vote against the decision,\" K L Vivekanandan, a syndicate membes told TOI. But sources say that he can approach the court against the decision of the syndicate. \"The candidate can approach the court on the grounds that he was nominated by the selection committee which included representatives of the syndicate,\" a senior official said.But the syndicate members say that this could not stand as the selection committee has powers only to nominate and the syndicate was the body which has to ratify the appointment. \"Now the only thing left out is to re-notify the post,\" Vivekanandan said.Interestingly, those who voted against the selection committee's nominee also includes UDF members which, according to the sources, was due to the intervention from the education minister's office. \"The minister wanted a Muslim candidate in the post. So even the UDF members voted against the selection committee's decision,\" senior sources said.The syndicate meeting also decided to seek explanation from entrance commissioner B S Mavoji who allegedly made derogatory remarks against the syndicate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322858", "title": "India needs 2 lakh more schools, 1500 varsities", "text": "How is the education sector in the country as a business proposition ?India is fast becoming a knowledge economy superpower . A whopping 220 million children are enrolled in schools in the country. But still, 140 million students are left out. The gross enrollment in India at 12% is lower than the Asean countries. According to one estimate, India needs at least 200,000 schools. In higher education segment, the country needs around additional 1,500 universities and colleges.At present, the quality of education in the country is not of a high standard. Therefore , there are huge opportunities for private players, not only in creating volume but also in improving the quality of education.What do you expect from the government?We hope that the government will get the long standing bills on education passed in Parliament to liberalize the sector so that the role of the private sector in higher education increases. We expect that 2012 will also witness the entry of foreign universities in the country. Opening up of the sector will increase the competition, which will not only lead to improvement in the standard of education but also will bring down the cost.Will the Eurozone crisis affect the education sector?The education sector is considered to be recession-free . Macro economic environment factors like dollar-rupee exchange rate, crisis in the Eurozone countries, inflation or rise in petrol prices do not impact the sector very much. Children still go to school. In fact, education is the last item on which the middle class will compromise.What kind of growth do you hope for in the near future?We expect that Educomp Solutions will continue to grow between 30% to 35%. I don't think the economic slowdown will have any visible impact on the company.What is your growth strategy?Educomp Solutions focuses on providing digital content. We own the largest schoollevel content library with over 16,000 modules of rich 3-D multimedia content to reach out to 4.8 million students across 8,100 private schools and 6 million students across 10,900 government schools. Educomp sets up computer labs in government schools and provides multimedia content in regional languages, testing and certification in computer education, full-time assistants as well as teacher training and monitoring and supervision .Educomp at present serves 27,800 schools and 17.9 million students and educators in India as well as the US, Canada , Singapore and Sri Lanka . We are also setting up pre-schools , high schools and professional and vocational education institutions. At present, it is running 1000 pre-schools , 65 high schools, 310 vocational training centers and eight colleges in the country. In 2012, the number of high schools will increase to 101.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11320752", "title": "Mickky is Goa Vikas Party supremo", "text": "PANAJI: Apparently raising the nuisance value to the Congress in the forthcoming assembly elections, former Benaulim MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco on Saturday formally joined the Goa Vikas party.He was declared \"party supremo\" by the party's central executive committee and he declared himself candidate for the Nuvem assembly constituency.Pacheco, a three-time Benaulim MLA and former tourism minister, resigned as MLA and member of NCP on Friday.He was admitted into the newly re-launched GVP by party president and real-life partner Viola Pacheco at a brief function at the party's office in Porvorim on Saturday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11329293", "title": "Hot air balloon crashes in Rann Utsav, eight injured", "text": "RAJKOT: More than eight tourists were injured when a hot air balloon at the Rann Utsav organized by the state tourism department in Kutch crashed at 8.30 am on Sunday. Authorities said the balloon could not land properly in a dust storm and fell to the earth from a height of about 10 to 12 feet.The injured have been identified as Dr Naresh Cheda, 52 (Mumbai), Nagin Parekh, 52, (Mumbai), Ramila Cheda, 46, (Mumbai), Deepa Ramchand, 43 (Mumbai) Arunaben, 43 (Mumbai), Ritu Yadav, 40 (the pilot) and Punita Yadav (40) (the co-pilot).Sources say that more than eight tourists were injured. Some of them were given primary treatment and eight of them were taken to the government hospital in Bhuj. Pilot and co-pilot of the balloon are among the eight people who were injured and were hospitalized.Kutch district collector M Thennarasan said none of the injured is serious. Asked if the balloon was overloaded, he said that it has a capacity of 16 people and there were 14 tourists in it when the incident occurred. \"There was no issue of overloading but it could not land smoothly,'' he added.The state government has been promoting Kutch's White Desert as a tourist place and organizes the 'Rann Utsav' every year to attract tourists to boost local economy.Recently, CM Narendra Modi , during his Sadbhavna mission in Rajkot said that Kutch and Saurashtra region are only two regions that are getting the most benefit of tourism promoted by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321004", "title": "Held for riot, goons admit to murder", "text": "NAGPUR: Two men in their twenties, arrested for alleged involvement in a riot case, are now likely to be charged with murder. The development took place after they admitted to the crime in the custody of Jaripatka police on Friday.Yashodhara Nagar police had registered a case of accidental death after a semi-decomposed body was found in Bhilgaon on December 27 last year. Later, the body of Prem Thapa was identified. Police had registered a case of murder after it was found that the deceased was strangled.Meanwhile, Jaripatka police rounded up Shakeel Ahmed and Roshan Behunia for involvement in a riot case at an eatery at Kamgar Nagar on December 28. During interrogation, it came to fore that the duo, along with a couple of others, was behind the murder of Thapa over a dispute.Thapa, a rape accused, had threatened Ahmed, Behunia and their friends of dire consequences if they did not sponsor liquor. There were heated arguments, threats and counter-threats at Mhada Colony between Ahmed, Behunia and their friends against Thapa.Following a plan, Ahmed, Behunia and their friends took Thapa to Bhilgaon and strangled him with a scarf before dumping his body at a desolate place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321334", "title": "Yesterday once more for outgoing DGP's mother", "text": "GUWAHATI: The last day of 2011 will always remain etched in the mind of eighty-nine-year-old Aruna Barua, the mother of Assam's outgoing DGP Shankar Barua. Nearly 43 years back she had seen her husband, Bhabani Barua, the then Assam police chief, bowing out of service. And now it's her son who's hanging up his boots. The farewell ceremony of Shankar Barua brought back many fond memories for this octogenarian. The ceremony was held in the 4 APBn at Kahilipara. Shankar Barua is going to be replaced with Jayanta Narayan Chaudhury.\"It's an unforgettable moment for me. I feel proud to belong to a policeman's family. Living with a policeman and later seeing my son grow up as a policeman was a different experience. I feel as if the whole police fraternity is my family,\" she said.Speaking about her experience when she saw her husband taking guard of honour during his farewell ceremony, she said, \"It was very different those days. He was a committed policeman. He inculcated the same values in Shankar. It's very tough to belong to a policeman's family. It needs tremendous sacrifice. You have to manage your home while your husband fights it out outside.\"However, the outgoing DGP said, \"Assam police need sophisticated technology. They should concentrate on bridging the gap between the police and people. Moreover, our police need better training. I hope the coming days will bring all this to the state police,\" said Barua.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320673", "title": "Kalyan youth returns home after Riyadh ordeal", "text": "Mumbai: A Kalyan youth has returned home after a 34-day ordeal in Riyadh at the hands of his employer since November 22.Mohammed Tauheed (22), who was sent by a city-based overseas recruitment agency to Riyadh, claims that he was sexually assaulted and made to stay in the desert without proper food, water or accommodation. He adds that he was forced to take care of camels in the desert instead of getting a driver's job as promised.Tauheed was rescued after a joint effort led by the Powai police, who informed the security branch (SB-II) of the Mumbai police. The branch contacted the Indian and Saudi Arabian embassies.Police officials said Tauheed was duped of Rs 50,000 by a couple -Zulfi Khan and his wife-who had been running a job agency from their Marol home without a proper licence. The couple went into hiding after the victim's uncle lodged a complaint.\"They tried to sodomize me. When they failed, they assaulted me with leather belts,\" said Tauheed. The police are collecting evidence before making any arrests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11321296", "title": "Miscreants hack into Wardha ZP website", "text": "YAVATMAL: Alarm bells started ringing after the official website of Wardha Zilla Parishad was hacked and slogans like 'Pakistan zindabad' were posted in Urdu on Friday. The website was ordered to be shut down soon after the hacking came to light.District collector Jayashree Bhoj confirmed the hacking and said that ZP chief executive officer has been directed to conduct investigations and take suitable action against the unknown hacker.Bhoj, who is on leave, said that she was not in a position to give details at the present moment and added that instructions have been issued to file a police complaint.Deputy CEO Vivek Bondre said that the district collector brought the incident to their notice and an FIR was lodged on her advice with the Wardha police station on Saturday afternoon.ZP CEO Shekhar Channe said that no vital information was accessed by the hacker and added that the purpose of the cyber crime was not known.Wardha SP Avinash Kumar said that he received the complaint 24 hours after the incident. The matter is being investigated, he said.According to Bondre, the website was designed four years ago by Micological System, a Nagpur-based company. Information about government schemes was posted on it. Bondre said, investigations are in progress and website will restart after redesigning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11322457", "title": "MP Handloom sets Rs 11.5 crore sales target", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Handicraft and Handloom Development Corporation has set a sales target at Rs 11.50 crore for this fiscal. The corporation had achieved the sales figure of Rs 10.18 crore through its emporia during the last fiscal. It has already achieved sales of Rs 9 crore so far.The handicraft corporation has already sold handicraft items worth Rs 8.75 crore so far and expressed the hope that it could touch the set target well in time. The corporation deals in 90% handloom products and only 10% in handicraft items through its outlets. The corporation, at present, has 22,000 looms under its ownership wherein 66,000 weavers are engaged.Talking to ToI, Ramakant Chaturvedi, general manager, MPHC, said that purchase of handloom and handicraft items from weavers' societies in the state touched Rs 2.32 crore-mark as compared to Rs 5.54 crore purchased during the last fiscal. Slack in purchase this year is being attributed to piling up of inventory. The corporation sells products through 22 outlets, 'Mrignayani' across various states.Chanderi, Maheshwar, Vara Sivni, Sausat, Gwalior, Mandsaur, Rajgarh and Sivhare are eight big handloom clusters in the state.Development commissioner for handlooms, ministry of textiles, organised a special 'silk and cotton' expo which began in Indore on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11321200", "title": "Tributes paid to ex-CM", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee and state Youth Congress paid tributes to former chief minister K B Sahay on the occasion of his 112th birth anniversary at separate functions held at the party headquarters here on Saturday.Presiding over the Congress function, party spokesman Vinod Sharma recalled that Sahay, as revenue minister, had played a key role in the implementation of Zamindari Abolition Act and Land Reforms Act. He had proved himself as an able administrator both as minister and chief minister.Several Congress leaders including Harkhu Jha, Jagannath Pathak, Shrikant Satyadarshi and Madhurendra Singh were present on the occasion.State Youth Congress president Lalan Kumar, at the YC function, said born in a common family, Sahay had risen to the post of chief minister with his grit, sharp intellect and hard work. Today, Bihar needed an administrator like him.The two organizations also observed the 31st death anniversary of noted freedom fighter and former legislator Syed Fida Hussain. Former MLC Vijay Shankar Mishra and Lalan Kumar presided over the functions of their respective bodiess.Sahay was remembered at a function organized by Sri Chitragupta Puja Samiti at Bansi Kunj in Kadamkuan. Speakers included late CM's daughter Meena Verma, son-in law and former DGP of UP A K Sharan, Amitabh Rituraj and Suman Kumar who highlighted great qualities of Sahay and his role in freedom struggle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11321410", "title": "Arunachal MP sees China hand in dam row", "text": "ITANAGAR: The row over the construction of the 2000 MW Lower Subansiri hydel project along the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border intensified further with Lok Sabha member Takam Sanjoy on Saturday accusing the anti-dam agitators of getting funds from China.Arunachal, which shares its border with China and Myanmar , has the potential to generate an estimated 50,000 MW of hydel power. The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samity (KMSS) and the All Assam Students'Union (AASU) are opposing the NHPC project and had announced on December 16 to block movement of men and material to the project site at Gogamukh.\"The Union government should declare KMSS an outlawed organization to protect the country's security. They are getting support and funding from our neighbours across the border,\" Sanjoy said in a communique.\"Earlier, there used to be underground movements and organizations in the northeast, but today the situation is different. The Maoist ideology has flooded the region, particularly Arunachal Pradesh,\" he said, adding \"The Maoists want to use jungles in Arunachal to carry on their extremist activities with the help of external forces. I feel China is behind all these activities.\"\"With the coming of mega projects, there is influx of huge amount of money in the northeast. And the Maoists want to cash in on this,\" Sanjoy added.\"The KMSS is spearheading the anti-dam movement for the last one-and-a-half years now. Where were they when we started the project in 2005? There is no point in trying to stop the project when it is on the verge of completion,\" the MP added.The Arunachal Pradesh government has signed MoUs with several private firms for 10 major hydropower projects. The major projects currently being executed in the state are the Ranganadi Project, the Subansari Project and the Taloh Power Project. The construction of the Lower Subansiri project started in 2005 after obtaining all the statutory and regulatory clearances from the concerned agencies, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11322440", "title": "Deadlock ends as DAVV bosses agree to workers\u2019 demands", "text": "INDORE: The deadlock between striking employees and authorities of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) ended on the last day of the year as both the sides mutually agreed to solve five issues at a meeting held here on Saturday. The employees will resume their duties after 15 days of strike, which had paralysed the varsity functioning.Officiating vice-chancellor, Dr Rajkamal said, \"Now, the employees have realised that the university officials are not against them and are trying to give the due benefits to them. So, they called off the strike. The meeting with the delegation reached at a consensus on five issues, so employees will join service by Monday.\"To end the impasse, which affected the administrative and academic works of the university, the voce-chancellor convened a meeting with the delegation of employees in which they agreed upon to put aside the formula of multiplying their salaries by 1.86, instead the employees demanded the university to propose equal salary at par with the regular employees.The delegation of employees asked the varsity management to make a contract with daily wage employees so that they could avail the benefit of service rules.The meeting, which was attended by Dr Rajkamal, registrar Dr RD Musalgaonkar, deputy registrar Anil Sharma and Prof BK Tripathi, agreed to make a contract with the daily wage employees.The officials also agreed to drop action against Kishore Sagore, who allegedly spit on one of the professors during the strike at UTD camps and Gajendra Parmar, who was suspended two days back on the charges of bribery, after a written apology by the duo.Other points discussed included giving full salary to the employees during the strike period.Gajendra Parmar, general secretary, of the striking employees' association, said, \"We have asked the officials to make draft of service rules and raise it in the upcoming executive council meeting and if consensus is not met then call an emergency meeting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321327", "title": "Recognize magic as art: Father-son duo pleads HC", "text": "NAGPUR: A father-son duo has moved the judiciary with a demand to recognize magic as a form of art. Magicians Vijay Raghuvir Bhopale and his son Jitendra have filed a plea in the Bombay High Court against the state ministry of cultural affairs arguing that the ministry has not posted magic as a form of art and neglecting it has acutely affected the magician fraternity of Maharashtra.Explaining that magic is not just any trivial form of entertainment , the petitioners also put forth the fact that it has an interesting history of 52,000 years and that magic has a long and proven tradition which deserves attention and extol. Bhopales claim that it is beyond their understanding as to why the government refuses to recognize magic as an art when it can support an array of arts and artists. They added that if the respondents can acknowledge myriad art forms and skills, what is the hindrance in giving a legal sanction to magic as an art.Unfortunately in Maharashtra, magicians and the performance of magic has not been bestowed proper prestige and importance by the government. Petitioners claimed that performing magic show is an expensive process which needs financial support. But in comparison to the investment, magicians get very less remuneration, said the father-son duo.They alleged that the respondents have been discriminatory in their attitude and if they can promote heritage, history, language, dance and music, what stops them from channelizing funds in direction of encouraging the art of magic.Petitioners further contended that because the government has been reluctant in glorifying the art of magic, the common man is being deceived by antisocial and hypocrite persons (babas) who mint money by satisfying their superstitions. This is disrespecting the art of magic and government's ignorance to curb such activities has been exploiting the common man, they claim.The duo felt that the government should provide adequate financial support to talented magicians so that they can live a honourable life. They also submitted that even under the directive principles of the Constitution of India, it is the obligation of every state to promote the activities of all artists and steps should be taken to ensure that no extraneous charges are levied on such activities. They should be freely allowed to perform their arts.The petitioners had issued legal notice through lawyer Asim Sarode to the respondents asking them to actively promote magical art. But they failed to give a satisfactory reply to the petitioners, leaving them with no other alternative than to approach the judiciary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320651", "title": "Life of Indian notes small", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian currency notes have come a long way from the 1800s when the Presidency banks maintained their own colour schemes and minted them for the state they had jurisdictional control over.The government stripped their right to issue notes after passing the Paper Currency Act, 1861. From 1862 to 1935, India had single-coloured and unifaced notes, or bills printed on one side.Now, a lot more thought goes into the designing. \"Even the visually challenged were brought on board. The varied size of the notes and the different shapes on the intaglio help them differentiate between the bills,\" said an RBI officer.There have been some bloopers too, the recent being the resemblance between the Rs 100 and the Rs 500 notes that forced the RBI to redesign the latter. But that slip also confirmed the apex bank's worst fears: Indians did not read the denomination on the currency, a habit that the RBI had inadvertently inculcated among the citizenry.Yet, officers at the RBI will insist that their record of redesigning notes, an exercise they take up every five years, is still free of a large aesthetic scandal.\"The entire machinery and logistics for currency in India is the largest after China,\" added the RBI officer. It is probably so because the life of notes is a tad shorter than that in many other parts of the world.US' Federal Reserve reports the average life of $20 notes as two years, $50 notes five years and $100 notes 10 years, on an average. In India, notes of smaller denomination like Rs 5, which circulate more than those of higher denomination, have a life of less than a year. A Rs-10 note lasts for about two years before it is 'soiled', while a Rs 100 bill stays around for about 3-4 years. The high-value Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes keep going for about 5-7 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11320799", "title": "Emaar ready to drop MGF from Boulder Hills project", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) awaiting a final decision from the government on the controversial Emaar-APIIC deal, industry observers say that dropping MGF from the Boulder Hills project, as suggested by Emaar Properties, is the best way forward. For, the move will help restore APIIC's original stake of 26% in the venture and also save all the parties from undergoing a long-drawn legal tussle. As a bonus, the Gachibowli project, if developed by Emaar Properties ( Dubai ) will also get an international branding, they added.It was only recently that the management of Emaar Properties, the parent concern of MGF, had written to senior officials of APIIC expressing their willingness to scrap the development rights of Emaar MGF from the Boulder Hill's venture. They had even assured to restore the corporation's equity share in the project that had reduced to just about 4% after MGF came on board. As per latest reports, APIIC has now forwarded this proposal to the state government for its opinion and is expected to take a call on the matter soon. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) too has been roped in to deliberate on the case and assist APIIC come to a solution.\"It is in the best interest of everybody, especially customers, that APIIC agree to this proposal,\" suggested a city realtor who has been closely watching the case. He added, \"If Emaar Properties compensates MGF sufficiently, either monetarily or by raising its share in some other project in the country, dropping its (MGF) name from the Hyderabad venture should not affect the Indian firm too much.\" Also, the international company's single-handed involvement would restore credibility in the project that has been lost after the MGF-APIIC fiasco broke out, said some industry sources.In fact, even customers who put their money on the project only because of the 'Emaar' branding, are now wishing for MGF's exit from the venture. \"We trusted Emaar Properties and the government. MGF came into the picture much later. We would only be too glad if APIIC agrees to this proposal and lets Emaar carry out the works by themselves,\" said one of them pointing out how MGF, even if it was given the green signal, is not in a position to complete the project. \"We are told by officials of the company that the financial position of the firm is very unstable at present. So it is best not to deal with such a developer,\" said the customer, who has so far paid roughly Rs 2 crore for his still unfinished apartment at Boulder Hills.Market sources indicate that if Emaar Properties took over its reins now, it would also help in protecting the price of these high-end homes, which has already touched Rs 6,000 per square feet (sft) mark. \"There are a lot of buyers who are waiting to invest there, once the legalities get sorted,\" said a real estate consultant listing the positives of the project. \"Whatever be the concerns of the government, the property in itself is marvellous. Anybody who can afford it will want a home there because of its extraordinary location -- overseeing a golf course,\" he said.But while an internal agreement with Emaar Properties might allow MGF walk away without much hassle, it could still be caught in the CBI trap, say legal experts. \"As things stand now, MGF and Emaar could be brought to book for diluting the government's share in the joint venture. It now remains to be seen what the CBI decides,\" an advocate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322362", "title": "No equipment, policemen sniffed out drunk revellers", "text": "BHOPAL: This New Year eve, Bhopal policemen had to use their own noses to ferret out drunken revellers zooming around on city streets. They have no breath analysers to go about the job. The cops could catch only those who were very apparently not in their senses.Around half-a-dozen such gadgets, which were purchased a few years ago, became dysfunctional soon. The same is the case with gadgets used to check speeding vehicles.However, the cops remained unfazed by the handicap. The police were confident of the drive success. Deputy superintendent of police MS Chhari said \"More than 130 checking points were made in the city with help from the police stations concerned to check untoward incidents. The drive that began from early evening would continue well into wee hours,\" he added.Interestingly, the police officials appeared clueless about how they would be able to prove charges of drunk driving in court against those caught on the basis of doubt. They knew well that charge against those zooming off in high spirits would not stand in the court in the absence of proof.In the city's history, only one person faced the action for drunk driving. On April 26, 2009, the Habibganj police had arrested a retired deputy collector for driving in intoxicated state.The accused was produced in the court the next day and was given 7-day imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11321596", "title": "New venue to welcome burgeoning audience", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 32nd edition of world's longest classical music festival Saptak 2012 is to take place at Amrut Mody School of Management, near IIM-A from Sunday.This is a maiden shift of venue for the 13-day long festival, which has always been organized at Kashiram Agarwal Hall. The venue change is prompted by the attempt to accommodate the rising volume of listeners and fans that the festival has began attracting from across the world.While the earlier venue had capacity to accommodate about 2,000 to 3,000 listeners, the capacity at the new venue is for 5,000-odd people.The heady combination of shehnai and sitar with Ustad Ali Abbas Khan and Kartik Sheshadri, accompanied by Shubh Maharaj on tabla will begin Day 1 of Saptak 2012.Ancient instruments like Surbahar, Vichitra Veena, Rudra Veena, Israj, Rubab, Nakkara, Naal, and Khadtal will also feature in the fest, which is an attempt to revive them.Praful Anubhai, of Saptak said, \"The festival is dedicated to past maestros including Sultan Khan, Bhimsen Joshi, Sharda Sahay (tabla) and Mahemud Dholpuri (harmonium). We will show clips of their performances at Saptak, and also will highlight photos from Saptak library at the new venue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "cuddalore (tamil nadu)", "code": "11329150", "title": "Cyclone Thane: Major roads cleared for traffic in affected areas; death toll rises to 47", "text": "CUDDALORE (TAMIL NADU): Major roads blocked by uprooted trees and debris dumped by cyclone Thane in Cuddalore district and Puducherry were cleared for traffic today as relief operations intensified to restore power to the affected areas where the toll has gone up to 47.With reports of five more deaths coming from remote areas, the toll in Cuddalore has gone up to 31 including ten women and two children, District Collector V Amudhavalli said.The severe cyclonic storm has claimed 40 lives in Tamil Nadu. Besides Cuddalore, deaths have been reported from Villupuram, Tiruvallur, Kancheepuram, Chennai and Theni. Seven people died in Puducherry.The cyclone has resulted in extensive damage with the loss being estimated at over Rs 2,000 crore.Union Home Minister P Chidambaram who was slated to tour the cyclone-hit areas today cancelled his visit due to inclement weather and will now inspect the areas on Tuesday, Union Minister of State in the PMO V Narayanasamy said.It was a forgettable new year dawn for the people as more than 18,000 in Cuddalore district and scores in Puducherry continued to be sheltered in government buildings, including schools, and marriage halls where they were being provided food and other essential items.Officials said 90 per cent of affected roads in Cuddalore district had been cleared for traffic, adding 20,000 litres of petrol have been despatched from Nagapattinam.Supply of essential items such as milk and fuel, including kerosene, would normalised within two days while water and power would be restored within a week, they said.A report from Puducherry said the union territory was limping back to normalcy though drinking water and power supply was not fully restored in most places and the work on removing uprooted trees was underway.Availability of milk continued to be affected but petrol supply has become normal.An average 60,000 food packets prepared at central kitchens was being distributed daily to the people hit by the cyclone, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chennai ", "code": "11321223", "title": "Risky landing spurs cry for second runway at airport", "text": "CHENNAI : A Singapore-Chennai Jet Airways flight flew over cyclone Thane with ease, but had a tough time landing on the main runway of Chennai airport on Wednesday. The pilot had no other go but to brave strong crosswinds and land because the airport has only one runway.The incident has led to airlines putting pressure on the Airports Authority of India (AAI) to open the second runway which has been extended across the Adyar river, at least for such emergency situations.Runway works have been completed but AAI is waiting for the green signal from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA). \"We hope to get DGCA clearance by next month,\" said airport director E P Hareendranathan.Sources said airline representatives wanted AAI to open the runway when cyclone Thane was predicted to bring strong winds to the city during and after its landfall on Friday. They argued that using a single runway would pose infrastructural bottleneck during such emergencies for an airport that handled nearly 300 to 400 flights everyday.An airport official said the wind was from the north when the Singapore-Chennai flight was coming in to land on Wednesday. The wind direction caused a crosswind on the main runway because the runway is located in the east-west angle. The wind speed was 35 knots. Landing under such conditions is considered unsafe.\"The pilot managed to land even though it was a difficult and risky landing,\" said an official. \"There was no choice for the airline but to land. Such risks can be avoided if another runway is operational.\"A senior pilot said wind shear and crosswinds have been strong at Chennai airport for quite sometime now. \"We don't know why there is a sudden shift in the wind pattern over the main runway. Many pilots have experienced strong crosswinds while landing on the main runway from the Pallavaram and Guindy sides,\" he said.Though the second runway, which does not have an instrument landing system, cannot be a replacement for the main runway, the airport could use it as a standby. If wind conditions are favourable, flights can be allowed on the second runway, said a pilot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "basirhat", "code": "11321370", "title": "Cong men, train passengers clash", "text": "BASIRHAT: A clash broke out between supporters of Basirhat Town Congress and railway passengers after partymen reportedly supporterssquatted on railway tracks at Basirhat station on the Sealdah-Hasnabad section of eastern railway on Saturday morning.The party was protesting against renaming Indira Bhavan as Nazrul Bhavan. Forced by the passengers, Congress supporters later withdrew their agitation. had to withdraw their agitation squatting track after the passengers forced them to do it.Train services on the Sealdah-Hasnabad section were disrupted for an hour following the blockade and the clash.Problem started at around 8am when passengers requested party workers to vacate the tracks. A clash occurred when Congress supporters refused to budge. \"The agitators threatened passengers with dire consequence if they tried to force them to stop their agitation,\" said daily commuter Kundan Haldar. TNNAround 8am the supporters of Basirhat Town Congress squatted on the track at Basirhat station and launched an agitation to protest against the renaming of Indira Bhawan while Up and Down Hasnabad-Sealdah local were stranded at the Basirhat station. Few minutes after some passengers got down from the train and requested the agitators to remove from the track. But the party supporters allegedly did not pay any heed to their request and continued to squat on the track. \"Later more persons including the local residents joined the passengers and asked the party supporters to remove from the track which the agitators denied again and threatened the passengers with harm if they tried to force them to stop their agitation\", said Kundan Haldar, a daily passenger. Then a heated argument was exchanged between the party supporters and the passengers and soon a clash ensued. Later the Congress supporters had to withdraw their agitation and remove from the rail track. The normal railway services resumed again around 9 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321402", "title": "Nobel laureate's life on silver screen", "text": "KOLKATA: After a long seven years, a film directed by economist Dr Suman Ghosh is all set to be screened in the city on Monday. Ghosh's directorial debut on Nobel laureate Amartya Sen was made in 2004-05 but will get screened well after his commercial releases 'Padakhep' (Footsteps) and 'Dwando'. The documentary will be screened for the first time in Kolkata in presence of Amartya Sen, Kaushik Basu, chief economic advisor to the Indian government, and Sugata Bose , professor at Harvard University .The film on Nobel laureate Amartya Sen by this teacher of economics was his first. Yet it will reach out to the people in the city seven years after he made it and well after his commercial releases 'Padakhep' (Footsteps) and 'Dwando'. Suman Ghosh, economist and director, made this film in 2004-05. Come Monday, for the first time it will be screened in the city in presence of Amartya Sen, Kaushik Basu, chief economic advisor to the Indian government and Sugata Bose, professor at Harvard University.The director said that while he was structuring the film \"Amartya Sen: A Life Re-examined\", unlike most documentaries, he didn't want a narrative for it. \"I wanted it to be free flowing.Here, the film unfolds as Amartya Sen chats with Kaushik Basu. Rather, I can say that Amartya Sen's voice has been used as the narrative,\" Ghosh told TOI. Ghosh feels that instead of going gaga only over Sen having been honoured with the Nobel Prize , people should know more about his work and the person he is.It was in 2002, when Ghosh was pursuing his PhD at Cornell University, he met Amartya Sen at a party at Basu's house. Basu was Ghosh's advisor in Cornell University and Sen was Basu's principal advisor in London School of Economics .\"I had a comparative advantage and I sought Kaushikda's help to approach Sen. One day I had a long conversation with Sen over phone and he agreed to it,\" Ghosh said. It took two-years to shoot the film as it has covered quite a long geographical expanse.The film has been shot in Santiniketan, Kolkata, England and the US.In this documentary, Sen for the first time unravels his fight with cancer. He was detected with cancer at an early age while he was in Presidency College. \"He even went to England for treatment. This episode reveals his attitude towards life,\" Ghosh added.In the 56-minute film, Sen's mother Amita Sen has talked of his childhood and his intellectual inspirations. The audience will also get an extensive view of the interiors of master's lodge in Trinity College, Cambridge, which is otherwise prohibited for shooting. \"Sen was the Master of Trinity College when we shot the film. Thus, we have exclusive footage of the master's lodge. His wife Emma Rothschild has also featured in the film.\"The film further goes on to highlight Sen's difference in opinion with his close friend Manmohan Singh regarding Indian economic policies. On-screen, Sen has been very vocal about various policies of International Monetary Fund , World Bank and the United Nations .The 56-minutes filmTo showcase excellent chemistry between the two stalwarts of economics, Amartya Sen and Kaushik Basu. To portray Rabindranath Tagore's influence in Sen's life, the director has incorporated Tagore's poem, 'Where the mind is without fear' in the film.being recited by Victor Banerjee.Later, Ghosh learnt that this poem had so much impact on the Sen's life that during his childhood in Santiniketan he had this poem hung in front of his study table.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11322377", "title": "Ex-CMO jailed for graft", "text": "INDORE: A local court on Saturday sentenced the former chief medical officer of Mandsaur district Kamal Naraini to one-and-half-years' imprisonment for taking bribe in 2009. He was also told to pay a fine of Rs 15,000.The special judge of the Anti Corruption Bureau Mamta Jain pronounced the verdict.The Lokayukta team had taken action against the officer following a complaint by one Sunil Parmar, who said the accused had asked for Rs 15,000 bribe for some work. A chargesheet was later filed against the officer.Interestingly, the CMO was about to retire two days after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "aggar nagar", "code": "11321110", "title": "Jains grow veggies, fruits &amp; spices", "text": "Aggar Nagar: Sunil Jain of Aggar Nagar has as large a kitchen garden as his family. He lives with his three sons, their wives and six children, along with wife Veena Jain. Besides being the head of a joint family, Jain loves to maintain a kitchen garden at his house, where he grows not only vegetables but also fruits. He is very particular about not letting his family members eat outside vegetables laden with harmful pesticides. The family also prepares spices at home rather than purchasing from the market.Earlier, the family used to live in Chaura Bazar where they did not had much space for gardening. When they later shifted to Aggar Nagar in December 2001 in a big house, they left quite a large area for their kitchen garden. Jain shared, \"I am very fond of gardening, so we decided to keep ample green space in the house. We constructed the house in such a way that there is ventilation from all sides. There is also ample space for the kids to play.\" He further said they have grown radish, carrot, onions, potatoes, green chillies, methi, spinach and other seasonal vegetables.\"It is very pleasant to live in greens and this was the reason we shifted from the chaos of city area to a calm and peaceful area,\" shared Sumit, elder son of the family. He said during summer season, they fill a small water tank constructed near lawn area and all the kids enjoy in water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11322605", "title": "Facebook flirting triggers divorces", "text": "LONDON: Popular social networking site - Facebook - is becoming a major factor in marriage breakdowns and is increasingly being used as a source of evidence in divorce cases. Facebook was cited as a reason for a third of divorces last year in which unreasonable behaviour was a factor, according to law firm Divorce-Online .The firm said it had seen a 50% jump in the number of behaviour-based divorce petitions that contained the word 'Facebook' in the past two years, The Daily Mail reported on Saturday.Mark Keenan, managing director of Divorce-Online , said: \"Facebook has become the primary method for communicating with friends for many people. People contact ex-partners and the messages start as innocent, but lead to trouble. \"If someone wants to have an affair or flirt with the opposite sex then it's the easiest place to do it. People need to be careful what they put on Facebook as the courts are now seeing a lot more evidence being introduced from people's walls and posts in disputes over finances and children,\" he said.Keenan said he has warned his clients to keep off Facebook while going through divorce.Thirty-three per cent of the 5,000 behaviour petitions filed with the firm in the past year mentioned the site. The most common reasons for Facebook causing problems in relationships were a spouse finding flirty messages, photos of their partner at a party they did not know about or with someone they should not have been with, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11321401", "title": "It's party time in Pine City", "text": "SHILLONG: With the Christmas merriment still providing warmth on the chilly winter nights and the New Year on the doorstep, Shillong is in a festive mood.\"I am hanging out with friends and going for a midnight ride to the Shillong Peak on New Year's Eve and watch the stars. But before that, we are going to party,\" says Romeo Lyngdoh, a final-year degree student.Basil, who is from Jiengkieng locality in the city, added, \"We usher in the New Year with lots of fun and frolic between friends. We have our party either in one of the hotels or in a friend's place.\"Veronica and Donald said, \"For us, New Year is all about spending time with family and friends. As both of us are busy with our work throughout the year, New Year is the time to share our joys with family members and close friends around a bonfire. We will also hop into any one of the parties in the city just to get the feel.\" \"New Year to me is a time for wild partying. This time, I plan to go to the biggest party in the city, as is being flaunted by its organizers,\" says Mridul.On the other hand, government functioning in the hill state has come to a total standstill with state offices shut from Christmas eve. They will reopen on January 3. Schools and colleges, too, are closed for winter vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11321287", "title": "Another land fraud comes to light", "text": "AKOLA: Yet another case of the nexus between land mafia and revenue officials came to fore on Friday when two down payment documents, called Isar, were found on the same stamp paper bearing the same number in a fraud case at Kaulkhed here. The EL number is 165252.Surprisingly, the original stamp paper is blank and the said document was on the photocopy of a stamp paper. The third document is also on the same stamp paper bearing the same EL number which was found blank.Interestingly, Deorao Pavsale, the buyer of the land in dispute, was arrested by the police outside the court premises as he did not press for anticipatory bail plea. The sessions court here adjourned the bail plea till January 2 and directed the accused to remain present in person on that day.It was revealed that Mazhar Ulla Khan and Hussain Shabbir Manjiwala had written the said documents. They also wrote another document.Hamidabi, the bogus seller, was forced to remain present in place of Tahera Bano, the owner of the land situated at Kaulkhed.Subhash Kate, district government pleader, assisted by advocate Ganesh Pathak opposed the anticipatory bail pleas of the accused against whom offences were registered. They demanded adjournment till January 5 but the court posted the matter for January 2.The nexus was exposed as one of the brokers did not receive his proper share as commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "11326003", "title": "Police arrest anti-Putin protesters in Moscow", "text": "MOSCOW: Russian Police detained as many as 60 protesters in a central Moscow Square as they tried to hold an unscheduled demonstration against Prime Minister Vladmir Putin's rule.Around 200 people, including reporters and bloggers, had gathered at the Triumfalnaya Square to stage an anti-Putin rally here, police said.Shouting slogans like 'Putin Must Go!' and 'Free the Political Prisoners', the protesters gathered at the Square as part of a continued wave of protests against Putin and his regime ever since the controversial parliamentary election in the country.As many as 60 were detained after they refused to leave the site following repeated warnings by the police, Itar-Tass news agency said.The arrests came hours after Prime Minister Putin sent a conciliatory message to the opposition in a televised New Year's Eve address.Protests were also held in Nizhny Novgorod, where former Russian Deputy Prime Minister and an outspoken critic of Putin, Boris Nemtsov said he might run for the region's governorship, if the gubernatorial elections were restored.In his address earlier, Putin said: \"At such times, politicians always try to manipulate the voters' feelings, everything is a little shaken up and seething, but that is the inevitable cost of democracy. There's nothing unusual here.\"Putin is facing massive demonstrations following the December 4 parliamentary election that the opposition and international observers said was marked by fraud and violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11322625", "title": "Police monitor revellers via CCTVs", "text": "MUMBAI: As the year 2011 drew to an end, 20 closed circuit television cameras, which the police had installed at the Gateway of India, trained their eyes on the nearly one lakh revellers. This time, the CCTVs were being used to track not just potential terror suspects but also eveteasers and inebriated citizens intent on flouting the law.\"We also erected watch towers at key locations. Footage from the CCTVs will be monitored by police personnel who will be connected to the other staff on the field through a wireless system,\" said a senior police officer.While Mumbaikars celebrated, around 40,000 men and women in khaki-including senior police inspectors-patrolled the streets till 3am, after which they monitored the law and order situation from their respective police stations. At crowded public spots like Juhu Beach, female constables and officers in plainclothes mingled with citizens to ensure that women were not harassed.\"Even the quick response team commandos were in position to reach any trouble spot within five to seven minutes if required,\" said a police official.Meanwhile, the state excise department personnel conducted raids at Thane, Navi Mumbai and several other parts of Mumbai, and arrested over half a dozen people for selling spurious imported liquor. The excise department seized spurious liquor worth Rs 5 lakh on Saturday. \"We are verifying whether these liquor bottles were to be used in some party or were to be sent to some bar. These suspects were unable to furnish any license or document to prove the legality of the liquor,\" said a source from the excise department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320782", "title": "Khed-Rajgurunagar deputy sarpanch killed in brutal attack", "text": "PUNE: Sachin, alias Suryakant Bandalkar, deputy sarpanch of Khed-Rajgurunagar, located about 50 km from here off the Pune-Nashik highway, was killed in a brutal assault by five to six armed men at a temple in the village, shortly before noon on Saturday.Preliminary probe by the Pune rural police has indicated previous enmity as a possible reason behind the murder. \"Bandalkar, who was elected deputy sarpanch of Khed-Rajgurunagar four months ago, had a criminal record,\" deputy superintendent of police (Khed) B R Patil said.According to police, Bandalkar was one of the 10-odd suspects involved in the alleged murder of one Dattatreya Kisan Tigle over two years ago in Khed. The police had then registered a criminal offence (No 89 of 2009) against Bandalkar and the other suspects. A fierce enmity prevailed since then between the groups associated with the Bandalkars and the Tigles, police said.Police said that the assailants were keeping track of Bandalkar's movements for the past few days. They had observed that he was a frequent visitor to the village temple near the Bhima river in the morning hours.On Saturday, Bandalkar had gone to the temple as usual. Around 11.30 am, three of the assailants, who were armed with sharp weapons such as swords, attacked Bandalkar from the front while the others assaulted him from behind, police said.Bandalkar sustained multiple stab wounds and also a bullet injury, which indicates that one of the assailants used a firearm, police said. The assailants fled from the site soon after the attack, leaving the victim in a pool of blood, police added.Bandalkar was moved to the Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital at Pimpri where he was declareddead on arrival.The victim's cousin, Shekhar Bandalkar, has lodged a complaint in this connection with the Khed police, naming one Bapu Tigle and his aides as suspects in the killing. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11323045", "title": "Traffic restrictions for President's trip", "text": "HYDERABAD: President Pratibha Patil is flying to Sriharikota on Monday. In view of the first citizen's visit, traffic will be diverted in some parts of the city along the Rashtrapati Nilayam-Begumpet airport stretch.Police said that traffic moving from Rashtrapathi Nilayam - Malla Reddy Nagar - Lothkunta Y Junction - MCEME Signal - Lal Bazar T junction- Holy Family Church - Trimulgherry Crossroads - RTA Office - Hanuman Temple - Karkhana police station-Vikrampuri - Secunderabad Club- NCC Directorate Crossroads - Tivoli Crossroads - Plaza X Roads - CTOFlyover - Rasoolpura Junction -PNT Junction- Airport with will either be stopped or diverted between 9.45am and 10.35am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320667", "title": "2 students drown in Neera river", "text": "PUNE: A new year picnic to Yevali in Bhor turned tragic for a group of students from Pune Camp on Saturday as two of them drowned in the strong currents of the Neera river.The deceased, Salaha Isaque Shaikh, 21, of Centre Street in Pune Cantonment and Rehan Rafique Shaikh, 21, of New Rasta Peth, entered the water though Rehan did not know how to swim.Salaha was an MCA student at Allana Institute of Management Science (AIMS) while Rehan was a final year commerce student of Poona College.Assistant police inspector Asaram Chormale said that Sahil Sayyed and Ajaz Mohammadali also entered the water, but Salaha and Rehan went deep into the river. \"The flow of the river increased suddenly and Salaha and Rehan started crying for help. Sahil and Ajaz tried to help but it was too late.\"Four others, Raza Sayyed, Asma Khatoon, Sameera Shiledar and Farheen Khan, were seeing all this from the banks of the river. Once Sahil and Ajaz returned to the shore all of them rushed to the Bhor police station.Asma is an MBA student at Poona college while all others are students of MCA at AIMS.One of the students, Raza Sayyad, said, \"The college was to reopen on Monday so we decided to go on a picnic. We had planned to go for boating at Nigdi, but Salaha and Rehan rushed to Bhor on a motorcycle. So the rest of us followed them on our bikes.\"Raza said, \"Salaha and Rehan slipped deep into the river probably because the discharge from the Kolhapuri dam increased suddenly. Salah did not know swimming, but Rehan knew. The duo got caught in the whirlpool and vanished.\"\"Nobody could help them because of strong water currents. It took around one and a half hours for the villagers to take out the bodies,\" he added.Chormale said the police took help of villagers and members of Bhoi community who are good swimmers. \"We have recommended the names of swimmers Prakash Taru, Rajendra Taru, Sadashiv Shirke, Janardhan Sagle, Dharam Sagle, Anil Tare, Eknath Kamble, Maruti Mukre and Anant Shirke to our superiors for felicitation because they regularly help the police in fishing out bodies,\" Chormale added.The victims' bodies were handed over to their families after post-mortem at the Bhor primary hospital. A case of accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321245", "title": "Rain Gods bid adieu 2011 with showers", "text": "NAGPUR: The weather gods seemed to be wishing the city a Happy New Year as the last day of 2011 turned out to be a pretty pleasant one. While the morning and afternoon were cooler than what the Nagpurians are used to, the evening even brought in lovely showers that was enjoyed by several people who were caught in it unawares.The cyclonic conditions prevailing in the southern part of the country have caused a low pressure area causing rains in the central region, said the regional met department officials. They predict a further drop in temperature in next few days. It may also rain in some areas of the region on the first day of 2012 as well, they added.Unprepared for the rains, most of the people who were busy shuttling to party venues or making last minute preparations had no option but to get drenched. Some of those who had arranged for the dos outdoors had to either change or postpone their plans. Yet for most of the revellers, the rains added on to the charm of the celebrations.At most squares, the police had taken up their positions and were directing the traffic flow. Though there was not much flow of vehicles on the roads, many motorists were seen skidding after losing the balance over their vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320695", "title": "Two held for Rs 55L mobile tower \u2018fraud\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A former executive of a private sector bank has been arrested along with his associate for allegedly duping at least 25 people of Rs 55 lakh on the pretext of helping them set up mobile towers of a leading company. The victims were promised a high monthly rent, police said.The accused have been identified as Sujit Giri (31) and Krishan Kumar (34). The police have recovered laptops, LCD TVs, debit cards, election identity cards along with the fake visiting cards of the mobile company. Many of the victims are residents of south Delhi.Ratnesh Kumar, a Service Selection Board employee, filed a complaint in early November saying two persons had met him posing as assistant managers (tower &amp; field) of a leading mobile company and wanted to inspect his property.\"Call analysis revealed that the accused were staying somewhere in Kalkaji and Palam. Then accused Sujit Giri was arrested from Palam and Krishan Kumar from Kalkaji,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south).Cops said the accused told the victim, a resident of south Delhi, that their company was expanding its network in Bihar and Himachal Pradesh by installing mobile phone towers and they are looking for prospective clients having their own land. If the land is found fit, they would enter into an agreement and initiate construction of the towers.The company, the accused reportedly said, would give the clients Rs 5 lakh in advance and Rs 20,000 as monthly rent. They took the complainant's Bihar address and left. The complainant took 15 days' leave and went to his village. On November 9, the duo collected two cheques of Rs 1,000 each as processing fee. Later, they collected copies of the agreement, election card, photographs and Rs 50,000 as commission. But the work never started and when the victim tried to contact them, he found their phone switched off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11321995", "title": "A plum posting after the raids", "text": "BANGALORE: Senior IAS officer H Siddaiah, who was unceremoniously shifted out the BBMP about a month ago without a posting, has been made the principal secretary (higher education) in the latest round of IAS transfers effected on Saturday.The government has transferred 12 IAS officers and promoted 32 IAS officers. Gaurav Gupta has been shifted out of the KSRTC and made the chairman of BWSSB.The other postings are: Aravind Jadhav (KUIDFC chairaman); S N Jayaram (KHB commissioner); C Somashekar (APMC director); R K Raju (Tumkur DC); B N Krishnaiah (Bangalore Rural DC); Imkongla Jamir (Uttar Kannada DC); D S Vishwanath (KSSIDC MD); Shivayogi Kalsad (Bijapur DC); K R Sundar (Chamarajnagar DC); and V Yashwanth (Food and Civil Supplies Corporation MD).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321492", "title": "Dima Hasao BJP leader joins Congress", "text": "GUWAHATI: BJP has suffered a blow in Dima Hasao after senior party leader Kulendra Daulagapo, who also contested the assembly election on saffron party ticket from Dima Hasao, joined the Congress on Friday. Daulagapo's parting is a big setback for BJP's bid to set up base in the district.Daulagapo maintained that as Congress is in power in the North Cachar Hills Autonomous Council, his joining the party would help him to serve people in the hill district better. |\"Congress is in the Centre, in the state government and in the council. So, I thought that joining the party will help me in serving the people of Dima Hasao in a better way. Staying in the opposition would not help me much,\" said Daulagapo, who was elected in the 2007 council election as a BJP candidate. He added that he has not bargained for any post in the council by joining the Congress.For BJP, Daulagapo's joining the Congress has come as a surprise. Even though the BJP and Autonomous State Demand Committee (ASDC) jointly won the council election, the saffron party later disassociated himself from the ASDC. As a multi-crore scam rocked NCHAC, many BJP members of the council joined the Congress, leaving the saffron party in the lurch in Dima Hasao. Daulagapo was the only saffron leader who stayed with the party. He also took on the Congress on many occasions accusing it of hatching a conspiracy to stall development in Dima Hasao.BJP said a new leader would take Daulagapo's place soon. \"We are saddened by Daulagapo's joining the Congress as he was associated with BJP for a long time. We have organizational base in Dima Hasao and a new leader will definitely come up and take his place,\" said BJP spokesperson Shantanu Bharali. He added that even though BJP has not received any formal resignation letter from Daulagapo, the party has suspended him.He said the party's district committee and other grassroots wings of the party are active in Dima Hasao. \"It may take some time, but we will soon find a new and pro-active leader in Dima Hasao,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320594", "title": "PCMC asks hospitals for fire safety plans", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has directed 24 big hospitals in its limits to prepare a fire mitigation and prevention plan in the next six months to improve preparedness for fire incidents.Additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said these directives were given during Thursday's meeting with representatives of 24 big hospitals that have more than 50 bed capacity each and operate from buildings that have a height of more than 15 metres.Kadam said, \"The state government has issued some guidelines to civic bodies 10 days ago regarding preventive measures to be taken to avoid fire incidents on the backdrop of the recent fire incident at the AMRI group hospital in Kolkata, which claimed lives of 93 persons. Discussions were held with the hospital representatives about the safety of citizens and patients.\"R R Iyer, medical officer of health, Sahebrao Gaikwad, assistant commissioner, Vasant Kachi, deputy city engineer, Kiran Gawde, chief fire officer and others attended the meeting.Giving details about the decisions, Kadam said, \"Each hospital will prepare a fire mitigation and prevention plan in the next six months and submit it to the civic body. The civic officials will scrutinise it and suggest changes if needed. All the employees of the hospitals will be given training in phases for implementing this plan by the civic body and the Yashwantrao Chavan Academy of Development Administration. The basement of the hospital building should be used only as per the civic body's Development Control rules and there should be no storage of chemicals and inflammable items.\"He said electrical fittings and wirings should be periodically checked as per rules. The checking of the fire safety systems and equipment in the entire hospital building should be conducted as per rules and a report should be submitted to the civic body as per the Maharashtra Fire Safety Rules, 2006. Every hospital should conduct at least two mock drills about fire safety in their buildings and appoint a fire officer.\"The civic officials suggested that the hospitals should try to house their Intensive Care Unit (ICU) and ward for senior citizens on the ground floor. The hospital representatives expressed their inability to implement this suggestion. They said the out patients department are located on the ground floor which cannot be shifted to higher floors. So no decision was taken in this regard,\" said Kadam.He added: \"We have prepared a list of decisions that need to be implemented in places mostly frequented by people to prevent and face fire incidents. These decisions will be communicated to the representatives of malls, big hotels , theatres, schools, educational institutions, industrial units and companies, railway stations, bus terminus and other crowded places in a fortnight.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11320642", "title": "Thieves loot apartment at Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Unknown culprits broke into a flat located at Guru Sai Plaza, Pajifond-Margao, when the occupants were away and made off with gold ornaments, a digital camera, a mangalsutra, binoculars, Hyderabadi pearls, a silver necklace and other valuables, all worth nearly 2 lakh.Police sources informed that the theft must have occurred between November 7 and December 30, as the flat remained locked during that period.The incident came to light when the owner, Umashri Patil, returned home on December 30. The accused effected entry by breaking the latch of the main door, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11321575", "title": "Sun to light up streets in panchayats", "text": "COIMBATORE: Power cripples. And, village panchayats reeling under massive power bills know it too well.Not surprisingly, panchayats here are set to go solar to reduce consumption and in the process manage its finances better. A state government programme to promote renewable energy in rural areas the district administration by establishing solar street lamps during the current financial year offers panchayats the opportunity to turn power-full.In the next five years, the government plans to have 1 lakh street lights in selected village panchayats across the state, said a senior officer in Tamil Nadu Energy Development Authority. The government has allotted 52.5 crore in the first year for the project. He said that 20,000 solar street lights would be installed in the village panchayats this year alone. For implementation of the programme the government has divided the state into four zones. Each zone will have 5,000 solar street lights. At least 500 lamps are likely to be installed in Coimbatore as part of the project.Each unit of solar lamp will cost Rs 30,000. TNEB will also support the project by providing the backup. If it rains continuously for a few days, it would become impossible to operate solar lamps. In such cases, the TNEB would provide power to the village. LED lamps would also be introduced to light up streets. LED lamps would reduce consumption of energy and the revenue of villages could fall by almost 1/10th, the official claimed.According to sources in the collectorate, many panchayats have large electricity bills. As on December 20, the panchayats owe the government Rs 248 lakh. The last month's figure shows that 124 panchayats have to pay Rs 398 lakh. He further said that the introduction of solar lamps would be a great step towards reducing power consumption and the cost of power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320674", "title": "Mercury goes up to 12.6 degrees celsius", "text": "PUNE: The night temperature in the city went up significantly to 12.6 degrees celsius on Saturday, after hovering between 7 and 9 degrees celsius for the better part of this week.This was 4.7 degrees more than the 7.9 degrees celsius recorded on Friday and three degrees above the normal average for the day.The day temperature, too, increased to 30.8 degrees celsius on Saturday from the 28.1 degrees recorded on Friday. This was two degrees above the normal mark.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast a further increase in the temperatures over the next two days, with the minimum temperature likely to go up to 14 degrees celsius and the maximum up to 32 degrees celsius.The night temperature went below the 10-degree mark last Sunday (December 25) when it was recorded at 9.7 degrees celsius. It dipped to 8.8 degrees celsius on December 26 and further to 7.6 degrees celsius on December 27, which is the season's lowest so far. Much of this drop in the temperature was attributed to the strong northerly winds flowing into central and peninsular India, besides local effects like clear skies and low humidity.However, the night temperature started to rise from December 28 onwards when a low pressure area over the south east Bay of Bengal developed into the very severe cyclonic storm 'Thane' and started moving towards the Tamil Nadu coast between Cuddalore and Puducherry.The increased moisture and cloudy conditions resulting from the movement of the cyclonic storm contributed to the rise in the temperature in parts of central and peninsular India, an IMD official said.The temperature was recorded at 8.6 degree celsius on December 28 and further up at 8.8 degrees celsius on December 29 before it came down marginally to 7.9 degree celsius on December 30.Meanwhile, the cyclonic storm continued to move westwards and has now weakened into a well marked low pressure area over north Kerala and the neighbouring regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11324316", "title": "CIA tried to plant surveillance device atop Nanda Devi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon after China detonated its first atom bomb in 1964, CIA tried to plant a nuclear-powered surveillance device atop Nanda Devi to spy on the communist nation.Though the secret mission failed and the device was lost there, it created ripples in the Indian establishment 12 years later.The espionage mission remained top secret till April 1978 when a news report published in a US magazine \"Outside\" claimed that the US intelligence agency had sent a team to set up a remote sensing device atop 25,645-foot mountain in the Himalayas in 1965.But bad weather halted them 2,000-feet short of the summit and forced them to abandon the 125-pound device containing plutonium 238 that can remain radioactive for about 500 years. When the team returned to the site a year later, the device could not be located.After a short-term \"feckless effort\", the US government gave up its search for the device. Instead, the CIA covertly placed a second snap generator on another mountain, Nanda Kot, in 1967. After serving the agency's purposes, it was also abandoned a year later, the report had claimed.The revelations sparked a huge uproar in the country and even forced then foreign minister Atal Behari Vajpayee to say the episode might damage the \"recently improving\" ties between the two countries, according to recently declassified external affairs ministry documents.The documents, available with National Archives, show how the Indian embassies abroad, especially in the US, had become active and kept on sending notes explaining how the issue was being played up by the media there.At the time of this discloser, foreign ministry officials here were apparently unaware of the fact that the Nanda Devi mission was actually a joint collaboration between India and the US, according to the declassified documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11321918", "title": "Fashion 2012: Sex divide will blur further", "text": "According to fashion forecasts from global trend-watchers, the androgynous, cross-dressing look is going to be big in 2012, with both men and women borrowing heavily from each others' wardrobes to create unique looks that beat stereotypes of what is masculine and what's girly.Bangalore's top fashion consultant Prasad Bidapa endorses this when he says: \"In 2011, elements such as checks that were a staple of menswear started showing up in womenswear, and this trend is going to continue. For instance, expect a sari with pin-stripes! At the same time, men will steal bling and colours from women, and will dare to wear colours such as orange, which will be big for both men and women.\" Trends also point towards tangerine as one of the big colours in 2012. Fashion designer Manoviraj Khosla feels men's trousers will see an overhaul and a return of the pleat, which had been ironed out by those boring flat-fronts.\"Men's trousers will see some shape change with more pleats and a baggier look at the top - imagine a cross between traditional trousers and the Jodhpur,\" says Khosla, whose colour palette prediction is \"blues and purples\".Jackets of all kinds will also be big for both men and women, he says, and warns that retro elements are here to stay with flares and floral and geometric designs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321473", "title": "Our envy their pride", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata has, after many decades, hit the high street again. As 2012 begins, we bring you a list of the hot and haute that are their billionaire owners' pride and the rest of the citizenry's envy. Read on to find out the most expensive and exclusive cars, wines , jewellery and more in Kolkata.Sheer luxury on wheelsRolls Royce Ghost: Rs 3.5 crore (base price)Ghost is the essence of Rolls-Royce in its simplest, purest form. The classic Rolls-Royce proportions are all present: the long wheelbase and bonnet; the short overhang at the front and long overhang at the rear. There are two owners of the Ghost in Kolkata, jeweler Umesh Parekh being one of them. A former rallyist, Parekh wanted the ultimate luxury on wheels and opted for the RR Ghost instead of the RR Phantom because the former is more of a sports car and is not as mammoth. The car does a 0-100 kmph in 4.9 seconds flat. The cocooned plush interiors, the push button electric door closer, the RR umbrella in a body panel console that ensures occupants never get wet in fickle weather and RR monogrammed champagne glasses in the mini bar at the rear are some of the features that never fail to wow a first-timer. The car's registration number is 7966, Parekh date of birth: September 7, 1966.On Cloud nineDuplex at 35th level: Rs 30 crore-plus | AtmosphereThe ultra-luxury condominium complex next to Science City hits the price stratosphere at 370 feet above the ground. At Rs 20,000 per sq feet, the price of the largest duplex apartment is pegged around Rs 30 crore! It will be located just a floor away from the 'Deya', the four-level architectural wonder that will link the twin towers with 80 sky villas at a height of 500 ft. The 'Deya' will house one of the most expensive clubs that the country would have ever built, offering multiple swimming pools, gym, spa, squash and badminton courts, jogging track, a mini-cinema theatre, open-air party deck, amphitheatre, and multiple lounges and spaces for small gatherings among other facilities.A celebration with stones:Jewelry: Range Rs 1 lakh to a few croreTerming Raj Mahtani's creations as 'jewelry' would be quite an affront to these exquisite and extravagant celebrations of precious stones and expensive metal. The customized and bespoke ornaments have a bohemian touch with large uncut emeralds, rubies, pearls and diamonds put together to shock and awe. Mahtani is fond of large stones which he sets in intricately and delicately designed gold and silver to create showpieces that are both cutting-edge modern and also traditional and thus can be (and are) worn with stunning evening gowns at Cannes as well as traditional brocade and chiffon sarees at royal weddings. Since all ornaments are custom-made for individual customers, their prices vary according to the number of stones, their cut and quality, and amount of gold or silver used. But they could be priced at anything from a seven to eight digit figures. Mahtani is the fifth generation couture jeweler; his great great grandfather founded Satramdas Dhalamal in 1880.Art on a platterRosemary Scented Lamb Chops With Truffles: Rs 5,000 | Westview Bar &amp; Grill, ITC Sonar.ITC Sonar master chef Mayank Kulsreshtha says it is the Summer Black Truffles that makes the dish so expensive. The variety of truffles used in the dish is a mushroom that gorws around a 1.5 feet below the soil both the French and Italian side of the Alps. Specially trained pigs and dogs sniff out the truffles that are then dug out. The lamb chops are grilled in black stones heated to 600\u00b0C with the truffles used as garnishing. The chef gets to prepare the dish once a month.Fit for kingsPresidential Suite: Rs 1 lakh/night | ITC Sonar.The Presidential suite at ITC Sonar is a luxurious space overlooking the water-gardens. It provides a soft, straight-line contemporary finish which is enhanced by rich dark walnut wainscoting along with parquet flooring dotted with artifacts. Beautifully appointed, the suite has separate bedroom, drawing and dining areas, two balconies, washroom with walk in closet, separate pantry as well as room for security outside the suite. Among those who have stayed at the suite include Princess Maha Chakri Sinrindhorn of Thailand , Prime Minister of Mongolia , business barons Mukesh Ambani and Vijay Mallya , starts Shah Rukh Khan and Amitabh Bachhan and soccer God Maradona. Bookings are occasional.Tipple worth a fortuneLiquor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11323109", "title": "Jagan's olive branch to Cong", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fearing that he may face the same fate as Obulapuram Mining Company owner Gali Janardhan Reddy, YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy is reported to have held out an olive branch to the Congress high command, offering to merge his party with the Congress ahead of the 2014 elections.The formula was carried to the Congress central leaders by two MPs of the ruling UPA government on Jagan's behalf a few days ago, highlyplaced sources told STOI. \"While the Congress is still to react officially to the Jagan's proposal, indications are that it is willing to consider it positively ,\" said the sources.Apparently, Jagan left Hyderabad for New Delhi on November 18 in the guise of attending the winter session of Parliament. \"Over the week-end , Jagan met Rohtak Congress MP Deepender Singh Hooda (son of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda ) and MIM MP Asaduddin Owaisi and laid bare his truce formula. These two MPs are close to the YSR Congress chief,\" said the sources.The gist of the proposal, according to the sources, is to ensure that the Congress returns to power in the 2014 elections and Rahul Gandhi is anointed Prime Minister.\"Jagan's deal is that he should not be arrested in the illegal assets case by CBI and that his party should be allowed a free run till the 2014 polls. He wants Chiranjeevi to be kept out of the state cabinet and promised to rally Reddys behind him before merging his party with the Congress ahead of the polls. He also promised Congress that he would decimate the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) in the state before joining the ruling party. Once the YSR Congress is merged with the Congress, Jagan expects the ruling party to give him a key role in the state politics, including the post of chief minister,\" said the sources.The two MPs are said to have carried forward Jagan's formula to the Congress high command including AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad . \"While there is no official reaction as yet, the fact that the induction of PRP MLAs in the state cabinet or that of Chiranjeevi at the Centre has been put off for the time being, and that the CBI is moving at a snail's pace in the illegal assets case (in contrast to its fast progress in the illegal mining case) are indications that the Congress is willing to consider Jagan's proposal,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11322223", "title": "Criminals open fire on police, escape", "text": "VARANASI: Virendra Singh Yadav alias Fauzi, a notorious criminal of the region, managed to escape with his accomplices after opening fire on police team in Rafipur village under Saidpur police station limits in Ghazipur district on Friday night.But the police recovered a lifted Scorpio carrying a Samajwadi Party flag, a motorcycle, a rifle, a pistol, two countrymade revolvers and a huge quantity of cartridges from Fauzi's hideout. Ghazipur SP Manoj Kumar said that under the ongoing drive against criminals in view of model code of conduct, the special operations group (SOG) and Saidpur police raided the house of Baiju Yadav in Rafipur village.On sensing presence of police, people sitting inside the house opened indiscriminate firing and fled the scene. He said that Fauzi was leading this group of criminals.After the huge recovery of arms, ammunition and vehicles, that police suspected that Fauzi was camping here to execute some crime.Fauzi, a native of Chaubeypur, is an army deserter who is active in crime world for the last several years.Over 30 cases are lodged against him with Varanasi, Ghazipur, Jaunpur and Chandauli.Two labourers die: Two labourers were killed when a heap of bricks fell on them in a kiln in Gharia village under Mardah police station limits in Ghazipur district on Saturday. According to reports, Lalji Chauhan (50) of Sihor village and Jairam Yadav (35) of Devthahi village were setting bricks inside the kiln when it collapsed. Before the other labourers could succeed in removing the bricks, the duo died. The police sent their bodies for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11321881", "title": "BBMP\u2019s Glutton will suck Brigade Road clean today", "text": "BANGALORE: Relax, the trail of garbage left behind by revellers won't greet you when you visit Brigade Road on Sunday. The BBMP's New Year gift to the city, Glutton, a garbage-sucking machine, will sweep the thoroughfare clean at the dawn of the day.The Rs 10-lakh machine, developed by Glutton Technologies using Belgian technology, will be deployed at the dawn of the first day of the year on Brigade Road. Two people are required to operate the petrol-run machine: one to hold the pipe that sucks the garbage and the other to navigate the machine.The machine with two wheels has a 240-litre container and can suck 400ml beer bottles, and plastic waste and dry leaves weighing up to 200gm at one shot. The trash is shipped off to a dry waste collection centre at Domlur.\"It is like a vacuum cleaner. We will use it on Brigade Road on January 1. It will soon be deployed on MG Road and Church Street as well,\" KC Shivashankar, BBMP joint commissioner (East) said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320617", "title": "Woman jumps off second floor to foil rape bid", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman jumped off the second floor of a building allegedly to save her honour at Begumpur in outer Delhi. The incident took place on Friday night, police sources said. The woman is out of danger and undergoing treatment in hospital, they said. The accused, Parvinder, has been nabbed, the sources said.The police said the victim, a medical student, had gone to meet her friend Vishal at Begumpur. Around 11:30pm, Vishal went outside to buy something. Vishal's friend, Parvinder, in the meantime, allegedly tried to rape the victim. \"She resisted and asked him to stop. She then ran out to save herself,\" the police said. On finding no way to prevent the outraging of her modesty, she jumped off the second floor,\" said a police officer. Having suffered injuries, she was bleeding profusely, he said. Upon return Vishal found her lying unconscious; Parvinder told him that the woman, in her 20s, had fallen down by mistake, the police sources said.The victim was taken to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital in an unconscious state by the duo. \"A case of attempt to rape on the basis of the statement of the victim has been registered and we have arrested the accused,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11327160", "title": "Hooda admits SEZs unsuccessful in Haryana; blames global slowdown for the phenomenon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Saturday admitted that special economic zones (SEZs) have not proved successful in the state.\"Ye thik hai SEZ kamyab nahi huye, akele Haryana me hi nahi, pure desh me nahi huye. Puri duniya me mandi aa gayi, is karan se SEZ kamyab nahi huye (It is true that SEZs have not succeeded, not only in the state but in the entire country. There was economic slowdown in the entire world, so SEZs could not succeed),\" said Hooda. It was probably the first time when the chief minister admitted this in response to a query about the fate of SEZs and the promise of job opportunities.Sources said that the concept of SEZ has failed to provide jobs as estimated by the state government. Two years back in a press conference held by state principal secretary (industries) YS Malik, it was stated that the state has received over 100 proposals for setting up SEZs in Haryana, out of which about 70 were for setting up IT/ITES SEZs. \"These SEZs were estimated to catalyze an investment of about Rs. 50,000 crore, besides providing employment to about 15 lakh persons,\" read a press statement sent by the government about Malik's press conference held at Delhi on November 19, 2009.On Saturday, Malik expressed inability to reveal any figures in this regard, saying it was a holiday on Saturday. Industry sources however said that SEZs have provided jobs to just a few hundred persons, which is negligible in comparison to earlier estimates. Just seven SEZ projects, related to IT sector, have become operational, spread over 300 acres of land in the state, while around 10,000 acres of land has been acquired or purchased for different projects. This includes around 7,000 acres of land purchased by Reliance.\"The very purpose of SEZs has been defeated as industries have not come as projected by the government,\" said Anil Vij, leader of BJP legislative group in the state assembly. Main opposition party INLD has been demanding a high level inquiry into all SEZ deals, terming it as a \"scam\".A senior officer however said that the idea failed due to various reasons, including imposition of minimum alternative tax by the Central government in the 2010-11 budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11321934", "title": "African roses are as beautiful", "text": "Sixteen years ago, Sai Ramakrishna Karuturi started a floriculture business in Bangalore, and became one of India's biggest floriculturists in quick time. A few years ago, he stepped into Africa; today, he operates 7.5 lakh acres in Ethiopia and 1,500 acres in Kenya. In land that is about 8 times the size of Mumbai, Karuturi grows flowers and a range of other agricultural products. He is probably today the world's biggest supplier of roses. Karuturi talks to STOI about his African safari.What are the challenges in Indian agriculture? Land is an emotive and contentious issue. If the interlinking of rivers project is revived, it may connect the flood zone in the East with the drought zone in the South, and unleash some arable land. Otherwise, of the 300 million hectares of land we have, only one-third is arable. It is impossible to have a sizeable 5,000 acres of land in the country. Rain-fed agriculture is suicidal.Why has Africa become so critical for your business? Africa is better in terms of productivity, costs, taxes, duty-free access to European markets because of their least developed country status, and lower transportation costs owing to the geographical proximity to our main markets in Europe.How much lower is the price of a rose grown in Africa compared to that in India? A rose from India, when it lands in Europe, will cost about 14 euro cents and it will be about 30% less from East Africa.What about the political risks in Africa? We invest only in countries that have a bilateral investment treaty with India. Also the country must be a signatory to World Bank's Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA). We buy MIGA insurance which protects us from political risks. We are also working closely with the government to build a healthy relationship with India. I am currently the honorary consul-general for Ethiopia in Bangalore.We read about civil strife and mafias in some of these African countries. Isn't the environment difficult to operate in? Riots happen everywhere, including in India. You have to find a way around them. Three months after our biggest acquisition in December 2007, Ethiopia was on fire. But we were working round the clock, harvesting and shipping flowers. Police and guards protected our farms. We stocked up food and water, essentials and blankets. Maybe the Cauvery and Rajkumar riots taught us how to survive such things. I remember then having gone to the Bangalore police commissioner, representing a small flower organization. He told me between 12 midnight and 3am, most people sleep. Since then, I have been shipping flowers in that window, when temperature and traffic are low. As for the mafia, they prefer to hijack trucks carrying copper. Copper is $10,000 a tonne, while food is only $200 a tonne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321176", "title": "Jaipurites ring in New Year with music, dance, masti and delicious food", "text": "JAIPUR: Foot tapping music by live bands and DJs, mugs of beer, glasses of wine, a variety of cuisines and above all the zeal added to the celebrations to ring in the New Year. Everyone from young guys to the elderly got their best bet to welcome 2012 on Saturday night.City bars, discotheques and hotels were packed with couples, youngsters and kids where they enjoyed the beats of the live bands and danced till dawn. Everybody from 'in love' to married couple party hard to welcome the New Year in their own style.To capture the moment the discotheques, hotels and clubs had given variety of offers to the party goers.\"Money is not an issue. We work throughout the year, but this is the evening when we have to forget all our worries, stress and strain and should welcome the New Year in style. All this dance and masti will recharge us to work more positively,\" said Neha Sharma who was going along with a boy she was engaged to at a city hotel on Saturday.Some of the hotels and restaurants had also brought foreign bands and dancers to give a western feel to their parties. Many others also try to give include cuisines of various regions of the country and abroad.\"We are offering our customers south Indian, Rajasthani, Punjabi and Gujarati dishes with a mix of Indian, Rajasthani and Punjabi dancers,\" said a restaurant owner at a shopping mall in the city.Residents of the Walled City, on the other hand, preferred to celebrate the New Year's eve in traditional way.\"Every year, we put bet on how much a person can drink koolhar milk. The winner gets a prize to eat a sweet of his choice. We have been doing it for years while roaming around the Walled City and its sweet shops,\" said Radheyshyam Agarwal, a businessmen who lives at Hanuman Ji Ka raasta in the Walled City.Meanwhile, to ensure a safe New Year's eve, a good number of policemen were seen guarding the city with breathalyzers. Police had already issued directives that drunken driving would be taken seriously. Majority of the city policemen in their vans have breathalyzers and were all set to curb drunken driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320521", "title": "Boost to 12-car plan for Harbour line", "text": "MUMBAI: Twelve-car trains on the Harbour line may soon be a reality as the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) has started preliminary work on the layout of the stations, where the platforms need to be extended.According to MRVC officials, the project is likely to be approved in the forthcoming Railway Budget.\"We started preparing the layout for the stations nearly 15 days ago. We will take two months to complete the exercise,\" said Rakesh Saksena, managing director of the MRVC. Officials plan to start inviting tenders after the project is approved by the railway ministry.\"Introducing 12-car rakes on Harbour line is a necessity, therefore it is better to start the groundwork first. The cost of making platforms compatible with the 12-car rakes will be Rs 800 crore,\" a senior MRVC official said.\"Apart from increasing the platforms' length, the railway officials will have to change the locations of signals and modify overhead equipment. There are challenges in execution of the work especially at the Cotton Green, Sandhurst Road and Dockyard Road stations that are elevated,\" the official added.Technical experts feel the railways will be able to complete the exercise in three years. The total number of services on CR is 1573 that also includes 208 services on Thane-Vashi-Nerul-Panvel route (trans-Harbour line). As many as 580 services ply the Harbour line route, of which 172 services operate between CST and Andheri.The Central Railway (CR) administration has already converted all its 785 services on the Main line to 12-car and increased the passenger-carrying capacity per train by 33%. There has been a gradual increase in passengers on the Harbour line after the services were extended up to Panvel. The growth in the Vashi-Panvel belt due to the Navi Mumbai international airport will increase the load per train.The concept plan approved for ventures to be undertaken under the Mumbai Urban Transport Project (III) pegs the annual growth of passengers on the CR (Main line) and the Western Railway at 3% approximately.Whereas, the Harbour line and trans-Harbour networks have witnessed 10% growth in passengers. The MRVC officials have approved a feasibility report for the CST-Panvel high speed corridor, which will provide connectivity between south Mumbai and the international airport at Navi Mumbai.The cost of making platforms compatible with the 12-car rakes will be Rs 800 crore. The railway officials will have to change the locations of signals near the tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321624", "title": "Decision on petrol hike deferred till Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day PM Manmohan Singh called for phased rationalisation of fuel prices and phasing out of subsidy, the oil ministry on Saturday made a mockery of its deregulation policy by 'advising' state-run retailers to avoid spoiling the New Year and defer a decision on raising petrol price till Monday.Technically, petrol has been deregulated since June 2010 and the state fuel retailers review the price on 15th and last day of every month. But in practice, they don't move without a cue from the ministry that did not allow them to raise petrol price by about Re 1 a litre on December 15.Since then, the price of both crude and the fuel in international bulk markets, a combination of which make the marker for domestic pump prices, have risen. The rupee too has fallen further against the dollar. As a result, the quantum of hike needed has risen to about Rs 2 a litre.The three state-run retailers have lost Rs 2,500 crore on petrol in the first quarter, which unlike diesel and kitchen fuels would not be compensated by the government. They are now hoping to get a green signal from the ministry on Monday.While the ministry plays coy in case of petrol price, it had no problem in allowing a Rs 1.75-per Kg increase in the price of gas sold as automotive fuel in Delhi on New Year eve. Even in this case, service provider IGL, a joint venture of state-run gas utility GAIL and the Delhi government, had kept the ministry in loop.The ministry is guided by concerns over petrol price hike's impact on electoral outcome in five key states that are going to polls shortly. But even here, this week perhaps was the last window for it to have cleared an increase before the poll fever rises from next week or so.The ministry's stand appears stark in the backdrop of the PM's New Year message. \"Both goals of expanding new investment and achieving energy efficiency require a more rational pricing policy, aligning India's energy prices with global prices,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11322189", "title": "City theatres better placed, finds study", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as the theatre classification committee report submitted to the government on Wednesday vehemently flayed the sorry state of affairs of the movie houses in the state, 27 out of the 53 theatres in the district have managed to get grade four or above rankings. Grade four and above include gold, gold plus and platinum categories.Out of 14 theatres in the capital alone, 11 fall in the aforesaid categories. They are Anjali, Athulya, Ajantha, Kripa, Sri Padmanabha, Dhanya, Ramya, New, Sreekumar, Kairali and Sree theatres.Of this, Sri Padmanabha in the city and V-Tracks at Katinamkulam, in the outskirts of the city, fall in the platinum category (grade two). Of the 399 theatres in the state, only 15 fall under the platinum category, according to the classification committee report.The committee found that the night-mode closed-circuit television cameras installed at theatres like Sri Padmanabha, Sri Saraswathi and Sree Kaliswari at Kalayikkavila have been very effective in round-the-clock security monitoring.However, the committee also recommended that the government exclude seven theatres in the district from the list of 'releasing centres' due to lack of adequate facilities. This includes Sree Visakh theatre in the city. The theatre, set up in 1978, though boasts of Qube and DTS sound systems, fares poorly when it comes comfortable seating, good lighting and clean toilets.The other theatres in the district which have been recommended for exclusion from the list include Little Thameens and Richu Thameens (Kaliyakkavila), Gauri (Attingal), Vimala, Star Cinema and SR (Varkala).Twenty-six theatres in the district have fallen in the category of grade five and six (11 in silver plus and 15 in silver grade) while none of them have been categorized in the seven and eight grades which are considered the worst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "shivaji nagar", "code": "11321162", "title": "Rajinder makes a grand return in athletics", "text": "SHIVAJI NAGAR: At 40, most people are nursing aches and pains in the body but Rajinder Kaur of Shivaji Nagar is putting them all to shame and winning golds in athletics. After a gap of 22 years, Kaur got back to the field and won three gold medals - for hammer throw, shot put and discuss throw - in the Punjab Masters Athletic Meet that was held in Banga recently.Kaur said she had started playing kabaddi when she was 12. \"I was living in Mamdot village and my father Suhawa Singh motivated me to excel in sports. I took part in many state and national level kabbadi tournaments and also started doing athletics and gymnastics,\" she said.After getting married in 1989, Kaur gave up sports to concentrate on her family life but even as a homemaker her love for being on field did not fade. \"This year, someone told me about the sports meet for veteran players and suggested that I also try my luck. When I discussed it with my family, they also told me to participate so I started practising in Guru Nanak Dev Stadium, coached by Nirmal Singh,'' said Kaur. When she won the golds at the meet, Kaur immediately informed her family, who were shared her excitement too. \"This year 2011 has been very lucky for me as I also completed a post graduate degree in political science, I got back to sports and won medals too,\" she said.Now, she is focusing on the national masters athletics meet that will be held in Bangalore next year. \"My husband Kuljit Singh appreciates and supports my interest and each of my victories are dedicated to the family,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11324077", "title": "Militants attack Manipur minister's house", "text": "Imphal: Unidentified militants attacked the private house of Manipur's Health Minister L Jayenta Kumar in Imphal West district by exploding a grenade which injured a passer-by, official sources said.The militants lobbed the grenade at around 7 pm last night when the minister was outside the house campaigning for the forthcoming assembly elections on January 28.A woman identified as Memcha Devi who was standing around Kumar's house was injured besides and two vehicles parked in nearby were damaged, sources said.Kumar said no militant organisation had demanded money from him and it was not known who lobbed the grenades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11320453", "title": "Kalindi Kunj bridge set for revamp", "text": "NOIDA: Okhla Barrage, which connects Kalindi Kunj to Noida, is set for an upgrade. Considering the increasing vehicular pressure on the bridge and its state of disrepair, the Uttar Pradesh state irrigation department has written to the Gautambudh Nagar SP (traffic) and to authorities in Delhi to take immediate steps.As per the plan, the repair work will be taken up in phases on both sides of the carriageway. It is slated to begin in the first week of January. One side of the bridge will be closed for a month while traffic movement will be allowed on the other side.The bridge - a vital link between South Delhi and Noida - was constructed around 25 years ago. No repair work has been carried out since then. The bridge was built to check the flow of the Yamuna and prevent floods. It has a two-lane link on each side to connect Noida with areas like Kalindi Kunj and Mathura Road which cannot cope with the volume of traffic.Authorities are awaiting permission from Delhi and Noida police for route diversion. \"The barrage was opened to traffic way back in 1986. Since then it has witnessed a tremendous increase in vehicle pressure and it is in dire need of repair,\" said Prem Chand, executive engineer of the irrigation department.\"Daily traffic on the barrage has crossed the one-lakh mark. Colonies sprouting up along Noida-Greater Noida Expressway have also contributed to the burgeoning traffic. It was designed to cater to just about 10,000 vehicles,\" he added.Once the repair work begins, traffic movement between Greater Noida and south Delhi and between Ghaziabad and south Delhi, Faridabad and Noida will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11326980", "title": "BIA initiates steps for growth of MSMEs", "text": "PATNA: In its bid to prop up growth of local micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) in the state, Bihar Industries Association (BIA) has planned measures for establishment of new industries, extension of existing ones, management of finance and creation of a pool of management executives and workmen to run the industries efficiently in the new year.BIA president K P S Kesri said that local MSMEs would have to stand on their own feet by availing the facilities provided in the new industrial policy and some other policies of the state government, and quality manpower management. But the state government, being a large purchaser, would have to bring out an effective purchase preference policy for the local MSMEs to provide them level playing field, he said.Kesri said the BIA is identifying 100 industrial units for their extension and capacity addition. The BIA would submit a proposal to the state government to give impetus to their growth The new industrial policy of the state government, which became effective from July 1, 2011, provides for subsidy on purchase of machinery needed for extension of the existing industries.Industrial Development Commissioner C K Mishra had recently said that subsidies could not be given to industries as they did not demand it. Nevertheless, recently some food processing industries were given subsidy under the Food Processing Policy of the state government for establishing their units, he said.Asked about measures that should be taken for accelerating the development of manufacturing industries in the state, Kesri emphasized on manpower management for efficient running of industries. For this, the BIA will soon sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with a national-level human resource development agency for providing 3-6 months rigorous training in industrial management skill to youths for handling the small and mid-sized industries.The BIA is also interacting with a national-level private equity fund management agency for managing equity capital for establishment of new industries and extension of the existing ones. One such equity fund management agency had already held a meeting with BIA, he said.BIA, with the National Institute of Design (NID), Ahmedabad, recently organized a workshop on product design for local entrepreneurs. NID will continue its product design training to local entrepreneurs under the national manufacturing competitive programme of the Union ministry of MSME, he added.Former BIA president K P Jhunjhunwala said that investment climate in Bihar had improved, but in the new year government's initiative for industrial development would be crucial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11322947", "title": "B Tech student abducted, released", "text": "HYDERABAD: College sources said V Soujanya and K Balaraju were close friends but when the latter suggested they get married, the girl insisted on her parents' approval. But, Soujanya's parents rejected Balaraju's offer.On Saturday morning, Balaraju , along with two of his friends, allegedly kidnapped the girl from her college. Students who witnessed the abduction alerted the college authorities . Police have registered a case against Balaraju and his friends, who are absconding. Visakhapatnam: A kidnapping tale in Potinamallayyaplem seemed to have ended harmlessly on Saturday when a final year B Tech civil engineering student was released after being allegedly kidnapped by her classmate and his friends after the girl's parents refused him her hand in marriage.The girl was later let off at Vizianagaram's Alamanda from where police picked her up and took her home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad ", "code": "11322877", "title": "Seized property handed over to victims", "text": "HYDERABAD : Perhaps in a first in Vizag police history, police on Saturday handed over recovered property in various crimes to the victims. More than Rs 82 lakh worth ornaments, vehicles, electronic goods and cash were handed over.The goods were distributed by district judge Manavendra Roy at the District Court. The property, including 220 tola gold, 8 kg silver, Rs 7 lakh worth electronic goods, were handed over to more than 150 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11322500", "title": "Indoreans booze with a vengeance into a record of sorts", "text": "INDORE: Bacchus had his day in Indore on New Year eve. Indoreans guzzled enough liquor to shell out no less than Rs 2.50 crore as excise tax and wobbled their way into 2012, and set a record.This amount, incidentally, is Rs 50 lakh more than what the excise men garnered from booze this time last year. Overall, Indore citizens drank up 40 lakh litres of liquor between 1 April and 31 December this year.This year, excise officials claimed that the demand levels for beer and hard liquor have been almost the same. The number of temporary licence holders this year too went up to 35, from that of 29 last year.S K Seth of the excise control room in Indore confirmed that the department collected Rs 2.50 crore as excise tax from wine sellers on New Year eve. The collection, he said, was well above target.\"There has been a tremendous demand from youngsters for hard liquor and beer,\" said the manager of a local pub preferring not to be named. He claimed that the number of booze patrons had climbed up this New year eve.The administration had given the responsibility of collecting entertainment tax to the commercial taxes department, instead of the excise department. All party organizers had to pay an entertainment tax at the rate of 20% of their earnings.The excise department has issued notices to 50 such organisers asking to pay up . Earlier, the excise department was able to collect only a measly Rs 3 crore , but the commercial taxes department has already collected a sum of Rs 7 crore, sources said.The excise department will also collect luxury tax from hotels, restaurants and clubs across the city that had New Year bashes, as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320657", "title": "Discoms to submit new tariff petitions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come Monday and power suppliers for Delhi will file new tariff revision petitions for the financial year 2012-13. The three discoms, BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna and Tata Delhi Power, will file their average revenue requirement (ARR) petitions that will kick start the procedure for determining next year's tariff. Discoms will also have to file their true-up petitions alongside this.DERC officials said once the discoms make their ARR submissions next month, the process for next year's tariff will begin. \"In the last tariff order of September, 2011, we trued up their petitions for FY 08-09 and 09-10 but still have to do it for FY 09-10. This will be done in the next tariff order,'' said a senior official. While the tariff hike of September helped recover partial costs due to discoms, officials say that a revenue gap of Rs 4,800 crore is still to be recovered by the discoms after being staggered in future years. The Appellate Tribunal of Electricity (ATE) in a recent order directed all regulatory commissions to balance their books every year in order to maintain financial health.The true ups for 2010-11 for all three discoms amount to approximately Rs 3,000 crore which has to be recovered in future years, clearly hinting at more tariff hikes coming up in the Delhi power sector. \"In the September tariff order, the regulator trued up discoms' gaps for 2008-09, 2009-10 and projected gap for 2011-12 which came out to be Rs 6,000 crore which will be recovered by them through tariffs. While Rs 1,200 crore was adjusted in the 21.77% tariff hike of 2011-12, the regulator said that the remaining revenue gap of Rs 4,800 crore would be adjusted in the next two to three years in installments by way of tariff,'' said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11320612", "title": "\u2018Friends\u2019 rob patient of cash, goods worth Rs 3L", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Four unidentified men carrying fruits entered a flat in Renuka Chhaya housing society in Nerul on the pretext of visiting their ailing friend.However, as soon as they got inside, the men locked the main door and forced the patient's mother, Gulabibai Gaikar (60), to hand over cash and gold jewellery to them on Friday afternoon.Within minutes, the accused fled with cash and gold ornaments worth over Rs 3 lakh, leaving behind only the fruits they had brought.\"The four robbers somehow already knew about the patient, Dinesh Gaikar (42), who lives in the flat,\" said police inspector (admin) Yeshwant Chavan of the Nerul police station.The robbers also used chloroform on the patient's mother to ensure that she did not scream for help. The patient was reportedly too weak to offer any resistance to the four accused.The building's only watchman was asleep when the robbers came.Gulabibai was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320772", "title": "Fun activities, insightful information at Pune tree fest", "text": "PUNE: A series of events, including an eco mela, tree hunt competitions, training on composting and tree plantation, a drive to free the tree from nails and signboards, regeneration of saplings, mapping the trees in societies, have been planned as part of the Pune Tree Fest 2012 to be held from January 6 to 9.The event has been organised by the Pune Municipal Corporation, in association with Oikos for Ecological Services, Ecological Society, Pune Tree Watch, CREDAI, Green Hills Group, Centre for Environment Education and Agharkar Research Institute.The festival will open with the eco mela, which will have on display eco-friendly products, lecture on 'RTI and environment' and t-shirt painting between 5 pm and 7 pm at the Indradhanushya environment education and citizen centre at Rajendranagar.Ketaki Ghate from the Oikos for Ecological Services said the idea is to celebrate trees and draw attention amongst citizens towards trees and greenery around us.Mangesh Dighe, environment officer, PMC, said various activities, such as poetry, art, walks, theatre, public meetings are targeted towards the public. A tree hunt competition will be held the Sambhaji garden between 9 am and 12 pm on January 7, where participants will be asked to locate specific trees in the park. Winners will receive prizes between Rs 6,000 and Rs 11000.A wall painting competition for students will be held at the Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park on January 7 between 9 am and 12 pm. Winners will receive a token of Rs 2,000 to Rs 5,000.Children can also submit 'My tree' posters about any single tree species, which should include sketches of trees, information on medicinal plants and so on. In the 'Map your society' event, participants can divulge details on the position of building blocks of the housing society with information on tree species, birds and butterflies visiting the society.For participation, one can register at indradhanushya@punecorporation.org or call 9960300770 before January 5. One can also visit Pune Tree Fest 2012 Facebook profile for entries and other details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11329269", "title": "Drunken driving: 3 held", "text": "RAJKOT: Three revelers were found sozzled and arrested under prohibition law on University Road on New Year eve on Saturday. Police said, the three - Hitesh Karia (28), Danis Dhanak (30) and Dinesh Patel (21) - were caught from different places during a vehicle check-up drive.\"Hitesh and Danis were caught drunk while driving a car on the University Road and Neel City respectively, while Dinesh was nabbed riding a bike in an inebriated condition on Kalawad Road,\" said a Gan-dhigram police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11321736", "title": "Haircuts to now cost more in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Madurai barbers are all set to increase their rates for a haircut and shave. As per the new rates, one has to pay Rs 40 for shaving alone. The new rates will come into effect from Sunday.\"Though the price of cream, powder, hair colour, blades, conditioners, shampoos and soap shot up, we had not increased our rates for the last three years. That is why we have preferred to hike the rate substantially with effect from Sunday,\" said N Mutthia, vice president of the District Hairstylists and Hair dressers Association.As per revised rates announced by the association, it will now cost Rs 80 for a haircut and shave, which hitherto cost around Rs 60 only. Hereafter, one will have to shell out Rs 50 for a haircut alone, instead of Rs 40. A shave will cost Rs 40 at any saloon whereas the previous rate was Rs 30. For a package like a haircut, shave and colouring of hair, which cost Rs 150 earlier, the new rate will be Rs 225. There would also be an increase of rates for a facial from Rs 300 to Rs 500, facial bleaching from Rs 250 to Rs 350, face massage from Rs 50 to Rs 75 and oil massage from Rs 75 to Rs 150.Explaining the rationale behind the increase, P V Karuppiah, president of the association, said that when bus fares of the state transport corporation and the price of milk was hiked, they were also justified in increasing their rates.M Babu, a hairstylist in Anna Nagar, said after the Madurai Muncipal Corporation expended its area limits, many new areas had come under its control which had also raised rental rates. Saloons who provided aesthetic interiors to cater to their customers have to further bear additional expenses, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321094", "title": "When mayor got upset with her officials!", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials are infamous for holding up projects. They even don't spare the mayor. Mayor Archana Dehankar got a taste of her own men's medicines when the project she is pursuing was held up for last six months or so.\"Even the mayor is not spared from the dilly-dallying tactics of the officials, who hold up a project on one pretext or other,\" said Dehankar in a press conference on Saturday.Giving insight into the case, Dehankar said, \"The general body meeting (on November 30) had passed a resolution to provide space admeasuring 6-7 metres in NMC-run markets for disabled persons. State government will provide loan of Rs 2.5 lakh to each beneficiary to set up a business on the condition of availability of land. The project is like a ray of hope for nearly 50 beneficiaries, but the officials involved in the process are playing with the scheme, even after getting clear-cut directives from the municipal commissioner.\"\"I am facing the problems to push the project for last six months. When the mayor of a city can face such problems, the less said about the citizens is better,\" she quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11315973", "title": "2012: A year of recovery &amp; grandeur", "text": "Film personalities give us an analysis of the how and what of Marathi cinema in the New YearIt's a brand new year and like the rest of us, film personalities are looking forward with hope and positivity as well. Like most businesses, Marathi cinema too has seen its share of ups and downs in the year gone by. But there are plans and of course New Year resolutions. Here's what they say...The fewer, the better \"In the year 2011, there has not been a single Marathi film producer who has recovered his money. This is because the number of films being made here have increased to such an extent that there are not as many takers as there would be if there were fewer releases,\" points out actor-director Sachin Pilgaonkar. \"Earlier, we had only about two or three films hitting the screens in a month. These days, with so much alternative entertainment avenues, it is impossible to expect people to do justice to the four to five Marathi films that get released per week,\" he explains.On the national scene Actor and filmmaker Ananth Mahadevan points out, \"During the 60s and 70s, Marathi cinema could brag of being home to some of the stalwarts in the movie industry. But somewhere along the way, the industry lost that charm. It probably had to do with the fact that Marathi cinema became more or less like its bigger counterparts in the state - Bollywood, so much so that we did not have Marathi cinema anymore. Instead, we saw a spate of Hindi cinema in Marathi. Such a trend is bound to take a while to phase out, but I believe that Shwaas may have initiated the process of recovery of Marathi films. Sure, the film was made on a shoe string budget and so may have been tacky compared to international productions. But even though it was not nominated finally, the fact that it was considered for being India's official entry at the Oscars itself was a feather in the cap. But the point here was the return of Marathi films at the national or international level which was more or less taken over by films made in Bengali or Malayalam. Even my film Mee Sindhutai Sapkal, India's first biopic on a living legend, helped place Marathi cinema get back on the national map, what with it winning four national awards. It became a huge point of discussion all over the world.\"Young actor Sonali Kulkarni is positive of the way things will shape up for Marathi cinema this year. \"Marathi cinema has already achieved a global appeal for its rich content. But this year, people can expect to see a lot of crazy stuff in Marathi unlike before. Along with the regular entertainers and item songs that will continue to pull crowds, there will be equal number of off-beat releases,\" she says.Budget control The makers also point out that the budgets for Marathi films also have shot through the roof. \"While most films stuck to a ` 25 to 45 lakh budget earlier, we now have films like Bal Gandharva wrapping up for as much as ` 5 crore. This year, most films are aiming to be made for anywhere between ` 2 to 3 crore,\" says Ananth. \"A producer spends almost as much money making a film, to promote it,\" adds Sachin. However, the light at the end of the tunnel may have something to do with corporate biggies getting involved with production. \"Big companies getting into production will surely help expand the budgets here,\" says Sonali.The way forward Sachin puts things in perspective when he says, \"It would make sense for all of us to be a bit more cautions, think rationally, with a firm head on the shoulders and figure out ways to reduce the number of films that are being made here.\" Ananth feels that the need of the moment is to ensure there is an adequate plan of recovery. \"Not all regional films have the advantage of a universal appeal. At the end of the day, a regional film is a regional film. What could work in its favour is if the films were released along with subtitles. That would automatically increase the market for our films,\" he concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11322282", "title": "Abducted staff released", "text": "RANCHI: The seven employees of a private construction company who were kidnapped by suspected rebels on Friday, were released on Saturday. The victims were employees of a Gujarat-based private road construction company and were abducted from Sanga village near Kanke.The police, however, said the manager of the company, Vishnu Bhai Patel, is still in the custody of the rebels. \"The rebels intercepted the SUV the employees were travelling in near Sanga village,\" said the police.The rebels were six in number and intercepted the vehicle on two motorcycles. After travelling for a few kilometres, they left the SUV at a deserted place in Piparwar. \"The seven employees were released by the rebels after they got ransom from the company. The employees were somewhere in the Barkakan area,\" said a police officer.Ranchi SSP, Saket Kumar Singh, said investigation is still on. \"Initial investigation in the case reveals that the gang does not belong to any big group. It will be too early to jump to any conclusion at the moment,\" said Singh.He said raids are on at every possible hideout and it was expected that the manager of the company will also be rescued safely at the earliest.Constable succumbs to injuries: Hazaribag police head constable Dinesh Rai succumbed to his injuries late on Friday night during treatment at a hospital.The head costable was found in an unconscious state with multiple injuries on his body from the residence of Sonu Devi, a woman homeguard, four days ago. The woman homeguard was provided a quarter on the campus of Hazaribag Central Jail as she was deployed there for looking after the jail's women ward. Rai was posted in the Hazaribag Police Lines for some time before that he was deputed as bodyguard with local MP Yashwant Sinha .Hazaribag Sadar police station officer-in-charge Abhash Kumar said that a police officer has recorded the dying declaration of the head constable. \"We are searching for the woman homeguard,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321555", "title": "\u2018Ansari was helpless as govt wanted House adjourned\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari did not have the option of going against the government's insistence to adjourn the House on Thursday midnight as it could have led to precedents that could damage the constitutional scheme of things, feel Parliament insiders.Responding to criticism that Ansari didn't use his power to extend the House on Thursday when the discussion on the Lokpal Bill was inconclusive, sources said the Centre had unambiguously stated that it did not want to continue past midnight and the chair was bound by this view.Sources questioned the opposition's statement that the 'sense of the House' favoured extension, saying any proposal with 108 MPs against it cannot be termed common sentiment.The debate on Lokpal in the RS ended with adjournment without the bill being put to vote. Insiders said there was little elbow room for the Chairman once the government managers informed him that the House be adjourned.While a previous Chairman had extended the session in 2003, on the ground that a continuing House did not require President's nod, an official said the critical difference in the two cases was that the proposal during NDA regime was moved by the government. \"In this case, the government was against it,\" an official said. Sources said a rebuff to the government can be tricky. \"What if the treasury benches led by the PM stage a walkout? What happens to the legislation then? Is it not a crisis situation? The business of legislation is with the government,\" an official said.Those in the know, however, blamed UPA's Parliament managers for mishandling the situation by conveying the government's mind just 15 minutes before midnight. \"If the government had informed the chair a couple of hours earlier, Ansari could have discussed the issue with all political parties and arrived at a decision. Here, he decided on the spot and it looked bad,\" an official said.It was also pointed out that in normal course, the Cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs would have met to recommend an extention and thereafter seek President's nod. In this case the matter was emergent on the floor of the House with the government taking a last-minute call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320593", "title": "Woman killed by truck", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35- -year-old woman was crushed to death while her niece was injured after a speeding truck hit them in the Nand Nagri area of Northeast Delhi on Friday night. The deceased has been identified as Pratibha Devi while the injured girl was identified as Pratibha, 14.The duo was walking home near Gagan Cinema when the speeding truck hit them. The cops have arrested the errant driver, identified as Dinesh, 28 and registered a case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11322126", "title": "Sanitary napkins to be part of \u2018madilu\u2019 kit now", "text": "MANGALORE: 'Safety - feel free', the low cost sanitary napkins manufactured by women at Laila village in Belthangady taluk will soon be a part of \"Madilu,'' the kit provided to mother and kid during post-natal care period at government hospitals in Belthangady and Mangalore taluks.Laila gram panchayat, which has set a record of its own by manufacturing and marketing napkins, is all set to enhance its production capacity to meet the increasing demand in the market. With an increase in the production capacity, napkins produced in this distant village is all set to capture a considerable share in the market.\"Currently, the unit has six women employees and has the capacity of manufacturing 200 packets of sanitary napkins everyday,\" gram panchayat president Prakash Shetty told STOI.\"A decision has already been taken to distribute napkins to government hospitals in Belthangady and Mangalore taluks. Initially, we will supply napkins to six government hospitals in Belthangady taluk. After increasing the production capacity, napkins will be made available in all government hospitals in Mangalore taluk also,\" he said.\"Four more women trainees will be recruited as part of the business expansion plan,\" he added.Laila gram panchayat had set up the sanitary napkin unit at a cost of Rs 7.33 lakh, wherein Rs 4.33 lakh was funded by National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard).A team of women from Isiri Self-Help Group were trained in manufacturing napkins at Kaveri Matha Trust in Piriyapatna. The unit has already sold more than 27,500 napkins, which is manufactured using cotton derived from cellulose fibres (wood pulp), ever since it was launched on September 28.Safety - feel free, which is free from chemicals, is priced at Rs 15 per pack of five pieces and the wholesale price is Rs 12, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "munger", "code": "11321295", "title": "Maoists gun down four hostages in Bihar", "text": "MUNGER: The bullet-riddled bodies of four persons, who were abducted by Maoists, were recovered by villagers from Teshrahat Bahiyar area in Banka district on Saturday. The victims were abducted by the rebels from Pipradih village under the Simultala police station in Jamui district late on Thursday evening. The Maoists had earlier gunned down three other persons at the village on Friday.Jamui SP Ramnarayan Singh said a massive combing operation has been jointly launched in the area by the CRPF, STF to nab the Maoists involved in the killing. The SP said the victims have been identified as Mansoor Ansari, Kaloo Ansari, Qasim and Shaheed Ansari. While Mansoor and Kaloo were sons of one Mohd Abbas Ansari, Qasim was the son of Mohd Aslam and Shaheed was the son of Mohd Razzak. The rebels had taken away the four persons after brutally killing three other persons - Mohd Mumtaz and his two young sons, Fakhruddin and Shamim Ansari - on Thursday night. All the seven victims are from the same village.According to villagers, a group of about a hundred heavily armed Maoists first came to Mansoor's residence and ordered him to knock at Mohd Mumtaz's door. As Mumtaz and and two sons came out of their house to Mansoor's calls the Maoists shot them dead in cold blood. The rebels, thereafter, forced Mansoor, Kaloo, Qasim and Shaheed to accompany them at gun point. Their bodies were recovered in neighbouring Banka district on Saturday The incident has created panic in the entire area.The Jamui SP said police have identified some of the Maoists involved in the massacre and they would be arrested soon.Meanwhile, the Maoists reportedly announced that the seven persons were killed for their involvement in criminal activities. The Maoists charged the victims with sexually assaulting tribal women who went to collect firewood at the nearby forest.According to Chakai SHO, a few of them, indeed, had criminal history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321355", "title": "Minority quota set to rise: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: The newly-carved \" minority quota\" within the 27% OBC category - Congress's trump card in the UP elections - is set to increase from the current 4.5% after the ongoing caste census, Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal said.Jaiswal, who is in charge of the Congress campaign in Uttar Pradesh , told TOI that the ongoing caste headcount, clubbed with mapping of socio-economic conditions, was likely to bring more Muslims in the backward category. Jaiswal refused to speculate on the expected increase but government sources pegged it around 6%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11321862", "title": "Hindi is a foreign language for Gujaratis, says Gujarat high court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has said that Hindi is a foreign language for Gujaratis. Even the state government-run primary schools teach in Gujarati, the court said.The high court made the observations in a case filed by farmers from Junagadh objecting to the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) publishing a notification in Hindi. In 2006, the NHAI planned to widen the existing two-lane national highway 8D to four lanes. The alignment of the bypass was changed last year on various grounds.This hurt farmers in Junagadh and Rajkot. Farmers from Junagadh's Saraghvada village moved the HC as their land would be acquired. They alleged the plan was changed to benefit influential people. As per Section 3(A) 3 of the National Highways Act, notification about a change in plan should have been published in Gujarati. NHAI though published it only in Hindi and English.Justice V M Sahai, who heard the case on December 29, concluded that by not publishing the notification in Gujarati, NHAI committed an error. He quashed last year's notification and declared the process as null and void. The court, however, refused to cancel the project.The judge upheld the petitioners' argument that Hindi is not understood by the residents of Junagadh. \"The language used by the petitioners in this area is Gujarati and Hindi language used in the notification is a foreign language for them. The normal spoken language in the region is Gujarati and not Hindi. Similarly, government imparts education in primary school level in Gujarati,\" the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "toronto/ panchkula", "code": "11322258", "title": "Panchkula youth shot dead in Canada", "text": "TORONTO/ PANCHKULA: A Panchkula youth, working part time at a convenience store, was shot dead in the western Canadian city of Surrey, in a shocking Christmas Day attack.Alok Gupta, 27, had volunteered to work the afternoon shift to allow the store owners celebrate Christmas together, and was killed by an unidentified gunman.Police are yet to make an arrest in connection with the case, but say they do not believe it was gang-related.\"It is a tragic end and we are devastated,\" said a shattered Anmol Gupta, the maternal uncle of Alok, who stays in Sector 21, Panchkula.\"A few assailants came and threatened him at gunpoint, asking him to give all the cash at the store. Alok handed over all the cash, but they still shot him and fled,\" said Anmol.According to information given to the family by the Canadian police, the motive behind murder was robbery at the shop. Alok's body will be brought back to his family on January 3.An engineering graduate from DAV College, Sector 10, Chandigarh, and an MBA, Alok had served in ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and later Axis Bank. He had been working as a manager with Axis Bank a year back, when he expressed his desire to go to British Columbia.Alok's brother-in-law Nitin Bhutani said his family is in a state of shock since they were informed of the death.Bhutani said Alok, who was studying Master's in Business Administration at Kwantlen University, was getting \"excellent grades\".The family's main concern is that police arrest Alok's murderer, Bhutani told CTV News from Germany.\"We want that Alok should get justice and the guy who is at large, who did that, should be put behind bars.\"\"The victim was working on Christmas Day as a good deed to the owners who wished to celebrate Christmas together,\" said Sgt Jennifer Pound of the Integrated Homicide Investigation Team.Alok sought help at a nearby residence and was taken to hospital. However, he was pronounced dead a short time later, Pound was quoted as saying by the Vancouver Sun newspaper.\"Although it appears that the victim died from a gunshot wound, the cause of death will ultimately be confirmed through an autopsy,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11323547", "title": "PM shown black flags by Anna supporters outside Golden Temple", "text": "AMRITSAR: About three dozen supporters of social activist Anna Hazare staged protest against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA government for non enacting Lokpal bill, as Prime Minister came out of Sikh's holiest shrine Golden Temple after paying obeisance along with his wife Gursharan Kaur on Sunday. Supporters of Anna under the banner of India against Corruption were showing black flags.Taking a cue from pre independence anti Simon Commission agitation, the Anna supporters raised slogans including 'Go Simon Go' and 'PM Jao Jan Lokpal Bill Lao' Strangely security personals were caught unaware of the proposed protest by Anna' supporters. \"We had stayed overnight in Golden Temple in groups of four's so that no one could suspect on us\" said one of the Anna's supporter Harinder Singh while talking to TOI. He said as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was about to come back from sanctum sanctorum, all the groups contacted over mobile phones and assembled outside Golden Temple where they were also joined by common man. As they saw Manmohan Singh coming out they started shouting slogans, they were however prevented by security personals to not get closer to the Prime Minister. Harinder Singh said they wanted to make Prime Minister realize the importance of Jan Lokpal Bill for the country.Earlier Prime Minister and his wife had arrived at Golden Temple at around 6.30AM and listened kirtan inside sanctum sanctorum of Golden Temple for about 40 minutes. Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee presented Siropa (robe of honour) to Manmohan Singh and his wife. Later both of them went to Durgiana Temple to pay obeisance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11322004", "title": "For New Year bash, locals head to malls", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city malls turned out to be the most-preferred destination for revellers on the New Year's Eve. That it was a weekend, gave people all the more reason to celebrate. As citizens bade adieu to 2011, TOI visited the prominent malls to feel the pulse of celebrations.Senior manager (operations) at a mall in Gomtinagar, Raj Kapur, told TOI: \"Since morning, a large number of people started visiting the mall. The crowd swelled in the evening, which was about 30% more than on a normal weekend.''All the floors of the mall were jampacked. Friends and families were seen exchanging New Year pleasantries. While for some, it was time to make resolutions, others said it's a new beginning every day.\"I plan to rectify the mistakes done in the past year. This year I've decided to check my smoking habit,'' said 21-year-old Kashif Khan. Bored with spending time in the mall, he went on a long drive with friends .An official of a mall in Hazratganj shared that on a weekend, there are about 35,000 footfalls. But on New Year's Eve, it touched 70,000.\"A bigger crowd is expected on the first day of 2012. Everyone wants to celebrate New Year and malls appear to be the best destination. They eat, shop and have a gala time,'' the official said.The sweet-tooth revellers also thronged the bakeries. \"There was a rush of buyers since morning,'' said Jasjeev, owner of a bakery store in Hazratganj. The New Year delicacies that were high on demand included blueberry, kiwi and chocolate orio cakes. Cheese cakes too got a decent response, though the most popular was the chocolate cake.Jasjeev said, \"Celebrations are incomplete without cakes. Customers buy cakes of varying sizes.'' Other bakeries too made brisk sales throughout the day.Sharing her excitement with TOI, Shreya Gulati, a housewife, said: \"There is no greater joy than spending the New Year'e Eve with the family members. And, what better timing than a weekend.'' About her New Year resolution, Shreya said: \"It's a New Year everyday. On the last day, one reflects on the year that has gone by.''People told TOI about different resolutions: to give up a bad habit, shed off their anger to being polite. Kanupriya Tiwari, a postgraduate student, said: \"It's difficult to get rid of a bad habit. At least a resolution keeps a check on us.''Though making New Year resolutions is a fad, most of them are broken as the year progresses. Still, a very Happy and Prosperous New Year to you all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321198", "title": "RESMA lifted, docs' strike may end soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government late on Saturday lifted the Rajasthan Essential Services Maintenance Act (RESMA), and issued orders for release of all jailed doctors, paving way for ending the 11-day strike of in-service doctors. The doctors, who were holding a late night meeting, said a final call would be taken soon.\"We have held talks with the state government and are aware of what they have to offer. We will take a call very soon and inform all,'' said Dr J D Maheswari, president, All Rajasthan In-Service Doctors Association.The deadlock over a formal dialogue between the two sides ended on Saturday evening. The state government, which initiated the move , agreed to lift the Rajasthan Essential Services Maintenance Act (RESMA) and release the 70 arrested doctors unconditionally. An announcement in this regard was made after the chief minister presided over a high-level review meeting, which was attended by senior bureaucrats along with ministers including A A Khan, Virendra Beniwal and Dr Rajkumar Sharma. More than 500 doctors were arrested during the strike. Most of them are already out on bail.The jailed doctors are being released. A four-member committee of ministers has been formed, which will look into the criminal cases filed against the agitating doctors under RESMA along with the suspensions and dismissals of doctors during this period. We have assured the doctors that no injustice will be done to them,'' said minister Jitendra Singh, at whose residence the talks were held. Dr Karan Singh, vice-chairman of the 20-Point Programme, was also present. After meeting the minister, the doctors continued with their internal meeting at his residence.On Thursday, a delegation of doctors had met Jitendra Singh and demanded that the state government lift the RESMA and look into their demands. The energy minister is part of the sub-ministerial committee, which is looking into the demands of the doctors and includes health minister A A Khan and industry minister Rajendra Pareek. The new committee announced on Saturday includes these three and minister of state for home Virendra Beniwal.The 6,500 in-service doctors in the state went on an indefinite strike to address their long-pending demands for a better pay and time-bound promotions among other things. They were supported by 1,100 resident doctors, who also went on a strike along with the Rajasthan Medical College Teachers Association and even a few private doctors. The strike paralyzed the health, leaving more than 70 dead in the last 11 days.The doctors had earlier gone on a mass leave on June 30, following which the sub-ministerial committee was formed to look into the doctors' demand of salaries at par given by centre and time-bound promotions. The committee was to resolve the issues within three months but with no headway in this regard, in-service doctors in the state went on a mass leave from December 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321790", "title": "Year ahead not easy for BJP too", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just as the government is at a crossroads, the BJP faces stern tests. It has scored points but is plagued by leadership questions about veteran leader L K Advani's prime ministerial candidacy and the aspirations of younger leaders.The party faces uphill battles in Punjab and Uttarakhand and if it ends up in the fourth slot in UP, saffronites will lose momentum.The cracker will come at the year-end when the Gujarat poll is due and Narendra Modi seeks to renew his iron clasp over the state for the third time.Congress will do its best to check him while his success would be a mixed blessing for BJP - it will be morale-boosting victory but complicate the leadership race. The stakes in the Himachal poll are relatively lower.But in the immediate context, the forthcoming assembly polls will end just ahead of the Union budget that is sure to be a highly political document.It is expected to outline UPA-2's key objectives in terms of social programmes and show a desire to improve governance in response to the criticism that the government has been soft on corruption.The government cannot afford to let the eight-week budget session - with a four-week recess - go the way the last three sessions have gone.The opposition has the tough task of not running out of steam till the spring of 2014 without having to rely on Congress making mistakes all along.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11321367", "title": "2011 ends on sunny note for Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The last day of 2011 was a pleasant, sunny one, and the rain and chill of the last few days seem to have disappeared.Saturday's temperature hovered around 20 degrees Celsius, a day after cyclone Thane swept through neighbouring districts and Puducherry. The weatherman says the nip in the air will return for another 20 days. Fog has been hanging over the city in the mornings and evenings for the last few weeks.Y E A Raj, deputy director, regional meteorological department, said the city seemed warmer on Saturday as there had been heavy rains and wind on the previous days. \"The cyclone winds temporarily changed the temperature. As per the forecasts and observations, we cannot say that the temperature has changed much,\" he said. He said the temperatures are likely to remain the same till February.The formation of fog and smog is likely to be less as they usually form when temperatures drop below 20 degrees Celsius, as it happened during the end of December. The department forecasts the possibility of rain before Pongal.\"If we take note of the easterly winds that are strengthening, there will be rains in the city. Westerly winds are stronger, ensuring winter weather and isolated rain till January 20,\" he said.He added that the cold air over north India would influence the weather in Chennai. \"Even if there is a gradual rise in temperature until March, the air will remain cool in the mornings and evenings for a few more weeks,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11322687", "title": "Delhi cops way ahead of Mumbai police in blasts probe: Chidambaram", "text": "MUMBAI: Rapping the state home department on the knuckles, Union home minister P Chidambaram on Saturday said while the Delhi police's probe into the September 7, 2011 High Court blast was on the right track, the same could not be said about the July 13, 2011 blasts that rocked Mumbai.Drawing a parallel between the attacks, he said, \"There is significant progress in the Delhi blast case. The probe has led to the arrest of three persons and the identification of three other wanted persons. However, no arrest has still been made in the Mumbai case.\"Mumbai: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Saturday expressed his displeasure over the lack of progress in the probe into the July 13, 2011 serial blasts in the city. \"After the press conference, I am meeting senior police officials and they will brief me on the investigations into the Mumbai blasts case,\" he said at the Y B Chavan Centre.While Maharashtra ATS officials have repeatedly claimed that the investigation into the triple blasts is progressing in the right direction and the case will be solved, many politicians and senior bureaucrats are of the view that the ATS has not made any major breakthrough in the terror case.In fact, it was the third time that Zaveri Bazaar-one of the three sites attacked on July 11, the other two being Opera House and Dadar-had witnessed a blast since 1993.The second blast at the city's booming gems and jewellery hub took place in 2003.Speaking on terrorism, Chidambaram said there were a number of terrorist modules active in the country and 18 such modules had been nullified by the security agencies so far.\"The Mumbai and Delhi blasts are an indication that terrorist modules are active in the country.\" Asked if the Mumbai blasts probe would be handed over to the National Investigation Agency, Chidambaram declined to answer, saying, \"No more questions on this issue.\"Stating that 2011 had been a satisfactory year with many achievements and a few setbacks, the minister said, \"The year witnessed a historic low in the level of violence in states like J&K; and those in the north-east. Though violence has declined in comparison to the past, it is still at an unacceptable high-level.\"Times ViewIt wasn't possible for the Union home minister to be any nicer to the state's record in tracking down perpetrators of mass murders. That Maharashtra is ruled by a Congress-NCP alliance must have also played its role. The apparent failure (till date) to follow the right track in the 13/7 blasts would not have stood out so badly had it not been for the state's equally dismal record in probing some of the earlier blasts as well.It is this delay in getting credible leads and the failure to build up a strong case in court that encourage repeated attacks on Mumbai; the government must change the perception that Maharashtra is a soft state when it comes to dealing with terrorism. 'Gadchiroli still a worry' U nion home minister P Chidambaram on Saturday said that despite the presence of central security forces, helicopters and central funding, Naxal-affected Gadchiroli remained a matter of concern. He said he would discuss the issue with the CM.PC's statement is seen as a setback for state home minister R R Patil (NCP), the guardian minister of Gadchiroli. Patil has been claiming that the situation on the ground has improved after he took over the responsibility of the Naxal-affected area. TNN 'BJP scuttled Lokpal Bill' P Chidambaram on Saturday blamed the BJP for \"scuttling\" the Lokpal Bill. \"The Lokpal Bill was passed in the Lok Sabha.During the debate in the Rajya Sabha, 187 amendments to the Bill were suggested. I have never heard of amendments to a Bill in such a large number. As there were too many amendments, the Bill could not be passed. The Congress's intention is clear as it tabled the Bill. It is the BJP that does not want the Bill or else it would not have suggested so many amendments,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11329896", "title": "Police officials attacked near church", "text": "KOCHI: Three police personnel, including a circle inspector, were injured today when they were attacked allegedly by some members of a religious faction at St John's church at Kanyattunirappu in Ernakulam district today.There was dispute between the Orthodox and Jacobite factions over the ownership right of the church, where a festival was to be held today, police said.Police officials had gone to the church to sort out the issue when they were attacked allegedly by Jacobite faction.The condition of Circle Inspector Biju K Stephen, who suffered injuries on the neck, was serious. He has been admitted to Kolencherry Medical Mission hospital.The two other policemen Mohammad Kunju and Pareed have also been hospitalised, police said.Police said nine persons were also injured in the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11322125", "title": "Civic Body Finally Acts, Decides To Burn Waste Within City Limits", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy has said that if the people of Vilappilsala had given some more time to the state government the garbage issue \"could have been resolved smoothly\". Since the people of Vilappilsala were not willing to consider the request from the government, the government is unable to resolve the issue, he said.\"I am not blaming the people of Vilappilsala for it since I know they have every reason to protest. They have suffered a lot,'' said Chandy while speaking to reporters after the cabinet meeting here on Wednesday. He said that the government was faced with two major problems while dealing with the garbage issue in the city. First, there was no successful model to emulate and second, there is major problem in identifying a place to replace Vilappilsala. Though a successful model has been identified, we are yet to finalize a suitable place to relocate the present treatment plant.Meanwhile, the city corporation, which has been putting the onus on the state government to find a solution to the mounting garbage menace in the city, has finally decided to act. Apart from the civic authorities deciding to burn the garbage piled up in different parts of the city, the authorities have convened a meeting of the residents' associations to seek their help. All the residents' associations have been asked to find suitable locations in their region and make arrangements for the Kudumbasree workers to burn the solid waste. The Kudumbasree workers will collect the garbage from each house and will burn it in the spots identified by the respective associations.For the time being, the plastic wastes will have to be stored in each household as the authorities are yet to take a decision. Residents' associations have been asked to promote burning of wastes within the residential areas so that dumping wastes along the main roads can be avoided. It has also been decided not to collect wastes from hotels and other establishments for now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11320768", "title": "Names shortlisted, Congress blackmail starts", "text": "PANAJI: A day after candidates were shortlisted for the upcoming assembly polls, Congress ministers and MLAs used pressure tactics, including blackmailing the high command emissaries to Goa, to ensure that tickets are accorded to their family and friends.AICC Goa desk in-charge J S Brar and AICC general secretary Sudhakar Reddy met chief minister Digambar Kamat, PWD minister Churchill Alemao, urban development minister Joaquim Alemao, home minister Ravi Naik , deputy speaker Mauvin Godinho, education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate, Calangute MLA Agnelo Fernandes, health minister Vishwajit Rane, Cumbarjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar, Corporation of the City of Panaji deputy mayor Rudresh Chodankar, law commission chairman Ramakant Khalap and Goa Pradesh youth Congress president Pratima Coutinho at a starred hotel in Dona Paula.Party sources said many of these leaders pushed the names of their relatives and close aides for Congress tickets. Some threatened to quit the party if their demands were not met.Brar, however, downplayed the visits, telling reporters, \"Ministers and MLAs came to give more feedback on the alliance (with NCP) and other political issues, and to tell me very important (political) developments taking place.\" He added that the shortlisted names will be placed before the party's screening committee \"and a final decision is expected in the first or second week of January\". Sources said Monserrate opposed the entry of BJP MLA Vijay Pai Khot into the Congress and demanded tickets for wife Jennifer, Chodankar and former Congress Poinguinim MLA Isidore Fernandes. The Taleigao MLA has already made it clear that if the Congress denies him the St Cruz ticket he will quit the party. \"I will take a final decision after the tickets are announced,\" Monserrate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321241", "title": "Govt committed to strong Lokpal: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a new year message aimed at positivity, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said the government was committed to setting up a Lokpal, given the aam admi's anger on corruption and the increasing demands on governance.Singh said it was \"unfortunate that the bill could not be passed in the Rajya Sabha. \"However, our government is committed to the enactment of an effective Lokpal Act. Taken together with the right to information act, employment guarantee and right to education\", it marks strong legislative progress, he said.In a seven-page message, he vowed to steer a five-point agenda for governance - spanning tackling poverty to internal security - and urged citizens not to be downcast over a slowing economy and unsettled politics. Singh acknowledged the increased demands on government in an age where \"a new wave of democracy demanding empowerment of ordinary people is sweeping the world and India stands tall as a functioning democracy\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11321313", "title": "Eatery staff held for trying to rob ATM", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old man was arrested for trying to steal money from an ATM in Thiru Vi Ka Nagar. A CCTV camera caught him trying to tamper with the machine. Unable to break it open, he left but was nabbed on Saturday morning.Police arrested S Syed Mohammad of Kamaraj Nagar in Peravallur, who worked in a tiffin shop. He was remanded in Puzhal prison on Saturday.On Saturday morning a customer went to the Syndicate bank ATM to withdraw money. He saw the front part damaged and informed officials. Manager Sivasamy (54) called the police. Thiru Vi Ka Nagar police inspector S Kamalakannan and his team took fingerprints from the ATM and collected the CCTV footage.The footage showed a man trying to break open the machine with a stone and a rod at 12.10am on Saturday. \"We used the CCTV images to catch the man. Shopkeepers gave us some clues,\" said Sembium assistant commissioner of police R Vijaya Ragavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322513", "title": "A street called anger", "text": "Anger went viral this year. It all began in Tunis, when a fruit seller set himself alight to protest confiscation of his cart by the police. The fire then raged across the Arab world, bringing down decades-old regimes. Pakistan, Israel and Russia, too, were singed. Shobhan Saxena looks at what changed around the globe and what's in store.RUSSIAThe spy they don't love anymoreThe moment he blamed Hillary Clinton for instigating his people to demonstrate against his government , Vladimir Putin lost half the battle. Inadvertently, the former Russian president - now prime minister who wants to be president again in 2012 - conceded that he had lost grip over Russia's politics . Street protests in Russia are rare. But recently when more than 50,000 people walked in Moscow , demanding a rerun of parliamentary elections earlier this month which were widely criticised for alleged fraud in favour of the pro-Kremlin United Russia party, it became clear that Russia's love affair with the former KGB spy was almost over. Though his opponents can write him off at their own peril, Putin and his chums are worried and trying to douse public anger with talks of electoral reforms. It might be too little and too late. The Russians left behind in Russia's oligarchy capitalism are assembling under the hammer &amp; sickle. And the new, enriched middle class wants a more transparent , corruption-free governance . It's too early to say if Russia's protest would fizzle or flare, but Putin's 12-year rule is now being challenged by the Russian civil society which is now articulating the anger of politically conscious urban middle class.EGYPTIn January, when a few protesters gathered at the Tahrir Square in Cairo to protest the rigging of elections by his regime, Hosni Mubarak , the Americansponsored dictator, reacted in his usual smug way by unleashing the army on the people. Now, Mubarak, stricken with cancer and abandoned by his former patrons , is attending court on wheelchair as he faces murder charges for the 840 lives lost during the 18-day uprising that toppled his threedecade-old tyranny. But the army is still calling the shots and strangling Egypt's nascent democracy. The revolution is not over, but the army has started a counter-revolution that some say has American blessings. The Egyptian army still receives $1.5 billion a year from the US despite its troops stripping and kicking women protesters on streets, conducting virginity tests on female detainees and raiding offices of NGOs. The Muslim Botherhood, who have garnered almost 40% of the votes in the first and second rounds of post-Mubarak elections , are quietly waiting for the third round on January 3 as angry protesters now turn their frustration against the army at Tahrir Square.YEMENThe 'good' dictatorIt was not supposed to end like this, but it seems President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who has ruled the poorest Arab country with an iron fist, may get away with murder again. In June, when the swelling waves of raging people took over the streets of Saana, the dictator ran away to Saudi Arabia, the safe haven for all dictators. Then he came back. Now, as the country's civil war is at a decisive stage, Saleh may go to the US, which has protected and cultivated him for years. Al-Islah party, which made up the largest opposition grouping during Saleh's rule, recently signed a deal that provides immunity to the strongman whose forces and loyalists have killed hundreds nationwide . But Shiite rebels and young protesters have rejected the deal. The US is in a dilemma. If its stamps Saleh's passport with a visa, it would prove beyond doubt that Saleh was America's man. If it doesn't , it would be abandoning an ally, not a good signal to other cronies in the region. Maybe the US will accept Saleh as an excuse for allowing a constructive political process in Yemen . Whatever it does, the US will end up adding fuel to the burning fires in Saana.LIBYASpoils of civil war", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11322184", "title": "4 miscreants open fire on train, injure 3", "text": "BELGAUM: Three youth were injured after four miscreants opened fire and pelted stones on the general compartment of the moving Goa Express at Londa Junction station in Khanapur taluk of Belgaum district in the wee hours of Saturday.The miscreants had earlier alighted from the compartment after they were involved in a brawl with fellow passengers. The injured youth were identified as Shahidullah Bashirahmed Desai (20), resident of Chikkodi, Mohsin Noorahmed Maniyar (21) of Vishnu Galli here and Ayan Dastagir Balekundri (19) of Azad Nagar here.All three had boarded the train at Belgaum and were headed to Goa for New Year celebrations. They have been admitted to the district general hospital here. The brawl began after the four miscreants, apparently drunk, were asleep, woken up and asked to make way for other passengers. After the foursome made menacing threats, fellow passengers warned them that they would be handed over to the police if they did not mend their ways.A few minutes after the brawl, the Vasco-Da-Gama-bound train, which had originated at Delhi Hazrat Nizamuddin , stopped at Londa at 2.45 am. The four miscreants, one of them carrying a blue bag, alighted and disappeared behind a goods train standing on the other side of the platform.Londa firing act of vengeance, say passengersPassengers of Goa Express which was fired upon by four miscreants at Londa Junction believe it was a revenge attack.As the train resumed its journey from Londa,the foursome appeared out of the shadows of the goods train. One of them opened fire with what looked like a shotgun on the general compartment, while the other three threw stones and broke three window glasses. The foursome was involved in a brawl with fellow passengers in the compartment earlier.\"I was standing at the door of the general compartment. I saw them closely as they emerged from the darkness. One person, draped in a shawl, hurled abuses at passengers and began firing at the compartment with a shotgun. A bullet hit me in the chest. I collapsed and lost consciousness,\" Mohsin said.The train stopped only at the next Castle Rock station, 24km away, from where the injured were shifted to the hospital. Desai was injured in his groin, while the bullet hit Ayan in the leg. None of the three injured were involved in the brawl with the foursome. The Railway police denied that the firing was a botchedup robbery bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320755", "title": "Traffic police to start cellphone helpline today", "text": "PUNE: The city traffic branch will launch a 24x7 mobile phone helpline service from the New Year's day on Sunday. \"The new helpline (8888004455) will enable road users to send SMS alerts to the traffic branch on situations like vehicular jam and commotion, besides alerts on road accidents,\" deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare told reporters on Saturday.\"We are deliberately emphasising on SMS alerts although people can also call this mobile helpline number in case of extreme emergencies,\" he said. \"The traffic branch is already operating a landline service (020-26122000) for similar purposes.\"In a fortnight's time, the traffic police will also have a website of its own, he said. \"Janwani, a city-based NGO, is helping us with the website, for which 90% of work is over. We hope to launch it by mid-January.\"Pandhare said, \"The new website will have all features relating to the city traffic branch's activities, besides information on one-ways, alternative routes and diversions, parking and no-parking zones, etc. It will also be linked to the traffic police's Facebook page, where people provide feedback on traffic related issues and problems.\"Earlier, Pandhare said a fortnight-long traffic awareness programme will be launched from January 1 to 15 and the same will focus on instilling road safety and traffic discipline among vehicle users. \"We have approached schools and colleges in the city and neighbouring Pimpri-Chinchwad for implementing various activities under this programme, which is an annual feature. The central government conducts such awareness drive in the first week of every new year while the state government has preferred a fortnight-long programme.\"He said, \"A specific focus will be on issues like over-speeding, rash and negligent driving; use of seat belts by four-wheeler drivers; discouraging use of mobile phone while driving; use of helmets by two-wheeler drivers; campaign against drunk driving and against triple-seat rides and keeping the zebra crossings free for pedestrians, and also on the need for the vehicle users to carry all the relevant vehicle documents with them while driving.\"The traffic branch has roped in help from private organisations such as the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India, Pune chapter, and professional artists like veteran cartoonist Mangesh Tendulkar, for preparing pamphlets, booklets and greeting cards carrying various messages against drunk driving and for safe driving practices, he said.Meanwhile, Pandhare said the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) and the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) need to look into the issues of technically unfit buses used on the city roads and creation of new state transport bus termini at multiple entry points to reduce the burden on the Swargate bus terminus. \"In the last 45 days, there have been 50 instances of breakdowns of the PMPML buses, which has led to situations like long-winding traffic jams; needless anxiety to vehicle users and waste of time and energy of the traffic personnel in clearing the resultant traffic mess,\" he said. \"The PMPML need to ensure that it does not operates such buses on busy thoroughfares in the city,\" he added.Pandhare said, \"Close to 1,200 buses move in and out of the MSRTC's Swargate bus terminus every day. The MSRTC ought to have taken steps by now for decentralisation of its services by creating new termini at places like Katraj, Hadapsar, Ahmednagar Road, Balewadi and Ambegaon. Lack of such planning has led to the present traffic woes at Swargate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321052", "title": "No MIDC land for Gondwana varsity", "text": "NAGPUR: This could be termed as another setback to Gondwana University, Maharashtra's newest one, which is still awaiting inauguration due to bitter infighting among coalition partners in the government.The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has reportedly declined to provide its land in Gadchiroli for the Gondwana University (GU) which was carved out of Nagpur University to develop tribal area facing the Naxal menace.GU officials had asked for 100-acre land from MIDC which is lying vacant as industries shy away from investing in the backward region infested by Naxals in large numbers. Even minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope, while making an announcement of Gondwana University, had stated that they will take MIDC land for expansion as it was lying unused. But after MIDC refused to give its 200-acre land, GU officials were worried.They in fact sent a letter to the state government asking it to provide 300 acre land on Chamorshi Road near Science College in Gadchiroli.GU registrar Vinayak Irpate confirmed the development and said that they were awaiting a reply from the government. However, the problems don't end here. The land demanded by GU officials was mostly forest land, and even if the state gives green signal to acquire land, they would need clearance from the union ministry of forest and environment. It would lead to delay of at least two years. Already, the formation of the much-hyped university was delayed by about a year owing to tug-of-war between Congress and NCP.However, Irpate was confident that they would get the land within one year and added that hectic efforts are on for the purpose.GU already has 10-acre land of NU's sub-centre in Gadchiroli from where it is presently working with the team of newly appointed officials, including vice chancellor Vijay Ainchwar, and finance and accounts officer (FAO) BS Rathod, besides the registrar. GU officials had also invited applications for new colleges from interested parties to get some funds for development.Sources however stated that unless the formal opening of new university took place and it gets enough land (minimum 100-acre as per UGC guidelines), it cannot start work. \"Unless it's formally inaugurated, the UGC would not grant recognition. Subsequently, it would not receive any grants from the apex body,\" they said.Tope, who was in Nagpur during the winter session of the state legislature, had told TOI that he would hold fresh talks with MIDC officials and also the industries minister regarding the transfer of 100-acre land.The VC had already demanded Rs 18.5 crore from the government for infrastructure development and also asked for immediate help of Rs 5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11325083", "title": "I've always wanted to enter into Bollywood: Sunny Leone", "text": "Indo-Canadian porn star Sunny Leone's stint on Bigg Boss may have ended, but the actress is looking forward to making her big Bollywood debut with Mahesh Bhatt's 'Jism 2'. Bhatt had entered the Bigg Boss house to meet Sunny and offer her a role in the sequel to the hit 2003 film, which is being made by his daughter Pooja Bhatt .And after stepping out of the show, Sunny now wants to meet Bhatt and discuss her role.\"I am looking forward to meeting Mahesh Bhatt. I am really excited about my Bollywood debut. I am honoured to get an opportunity of working with him.\"At first I didn't really know who he was but after knowing that he is such a respectable man outside I am happy to start a career here,\" Sunny said.\"I want to know what he expects out of me as an actress and what will be my role,\" she added.'Jism 2' is a sequel to the 2003 release which starred Bipasha Basu and John Abraham in the lead.Born to a Punjabi family in Ontario , Sunny has appeared in various reality shows in the US. She got evicted from the Colors show 'Bigg Boss' on Saturday, just a week before its finale.Before entering the house the 30-year-old businesswoman and model had said she always wanted to return to her native country and work here.\"I've always wanted to enter into Bollywood in India and Bigg Boss was the first professional offer which came my way... this was the best offer for me.\"Sunny had also said she would love to work with show's host Salman Khan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11329331", "title": "Freeing land from squatters a big challenge for SMC", "text": "SURAT: For a rapidly growing city like Surat, slums are a big challenge. Demolition is not the solution as the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has learnt. But despite building almost 20,000 houses for the economically weaker sections (EWS), the target for slum rehabilitation is only 35 per cent complete. However, this is considered good in national terms.\"It is a process and one can't rehabilitate every one at the same time. It has to be carried out in a phased manner. Once the land is free of encroachments, it must be immediately utilized for the marked purpose otherwise encroachments will come up again,\" said Jatin Desai, executive engineer, slum upgradation cell.According to the 2010 civic survey, there are nearly 1.10 lakh families living in slums. Of these, more than 50 per cent are encroachers on SMC or government land.With the objective of freeing government and SMC land, the civic body started constructing quarters for the EWS under Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM). Last year saw 19,541 such houses being constructed and given to the beneficiaries who were slum dwellers displaced from the river bed, encroachers of reserve plots and encroachers of the space where road alignment was marked.Now SMC has decided to construct another 2,500 such homes at Adajan, Godadara, Dindoli, Jahangirabad, Kosad, Althan and Vesu at the cost of Rs 65 crores which would be ready in one year as last standing committee meeting of the year 2011 passed the proposal.\"We had built 7,000 EWS houses before JnNURM came in force and after that we have built 19,541 homes. Our aim is to construct 46,000 such homes in the coming two-three years which could take care of rehabilitation of almost all the encroachers of government and SMC land in the city,\" said Desai. In the homes built under this scheme, 50 per cent money comes from Central Government, 20 per cent from state Government and remaining 30 per cent is spent by local body apart from providing free land for the purpose as per the basic provisions of the rules.Till now it cost SMC Rs 1.70 lakh per unit of 250 sq feet and it is given to beneficiaries at the rate of Rs 35, 000 per house with 10 per cent payment before possession and remaining in installments of Rs 400 per month. The new homes which will come up will cost SMC Rs 2.50 lakh per unit.\"More than 50 per cent pay their installments regularly and about 10 per cent pay off in short time to get documents made on their names,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336840", "title": "Bindu Madhavi in Neer Paravai", "text": "Actress Bindu Madhavi, who was in Veppam and is currently awaiting the release of Kazhugu with Krishna, has signed her next project, in which she will be starring opposite Vishnu of Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu fame.The actress, who was earlier dropped from Nakul's Vallinam, will now be playing the female lead in Seenuramasamy's film Neer Paravai, which is being produced by Udhayanidhi Stalin.Confirming the news, the National Award winning director says, \"Yes, I've signed up Bindu after auditioning quite a few faces for the role. Her expressive eyes and her looks suit the character. Moreover, she makes a good pair with Vishnu. She will be playing a Christian girl in my film.\"The director is now planning to begin shooting his film on January 19 at a coastal village in Thoothukudi district. The film is said to deal with the lives of fisher folk in the southern coastal Tamil Nadu. Noted writer Jeya Mohan is writing the dialogues for the film while Vairamuthu is penning the lyrics for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "11321970", "title": "24-yr-old dies after jilted lover stabs her", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: A jilted lover stabbed a girl who refused to marry him here on Saturday.Subbu alias Subramanya, a married man and a resident of Kalyananagar, works in a cyber cafe. He fell in love with Nayana, 24, who is a computer operator at the taluk panchayat office here. He has been pressurizing her to marry him, but she has been persistently refusing.On Saturday afternoon, an infuriated Subbu came to the taluk panchayat office and stabbed Nayana in her neck and fled. She was taken to the hospital, where she was declared dead. City police are investigating the incident and are on the lookout for Subbu.Nayana is the daughter of a hotel employee Ananda Nayak. On hearing about the incident, some youths came to the computer institute where Subbu was working and ransacked the office. They damaged many computers and stoned window panes and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11321700", "title": "In 2 yrs, Aman Ki Asha has become a peace concept", "text": "The Times of India and Pakistan's Jang Group launched Aman ki Asha (AKA) to promote peace between the two countries on January 1, 2010. Beena Sarwar evaluates the initiative's two-year achievements.It a measure of AKA's success that the concept has resonated in every heart and been accepted in the common parlance. \"That's very 'aman ki asha', you'll sometimes hear people say,\" says a young AKA enthusiast. \"You know a concept has arrived when people start using it as an adjective!\"The initiative's achievements lie in many programmes it has organized and inspired many to assume a life of its own, gathering momentum and accelerating the peace process. The campaign created awareness about peace and prosperity being the two sides of the same coin and the need for breaking free from the animosity to herald a new era of friendship and collaboration. AKA has turned out to be the most significant peace movement because two biggest media groups have led it and the civil society has spontaneously adopted it.AKA's activities have ranged from serious discussions on issues like Kashmir to crowd-pulling musical events. The biggest AKA event so far was the hugely successful economic conference in Delhi last year and the most uplifting the ongoing Heart to Heart project.A Mumbai IIT student decided to do his bit after hearing the campaign's catchy anthem. \"The song highlighted the striking similarity between the people of India and Pakistan and inspired me to stand and be counted in the quest to bring them together,\" he wrote, explaining the concept behind Ummeed-e-Milaap programme \"to unite students of India and Pakistan\".A prominent Pakistani school included AKA in its curriculum to spread the message of peace. A peace activist in Canada organized a Pray for Peace Between India and Pakistan Day and drew support globally from thousands of people, including actor Nandita Das .A Joint Declaration at the end of AKA's Economic Conference reflected much optimism and identified six sectors for cooperation. The second AKA Indo-Pak economic Conference 'The Power of the Sub Continent' is scheduled to be held in Lahore in February 2012. It speaks volumes for the success of the campaign that CII, whose members contribute over 70% to India's GDP, has suggested that it will partner all AKA events intended to further economic collaboration between India and Pakistan. Its counterpart in Pakistan, the Pakistan Business Council , has also extended support. \"It has given the governments the confidence to take concrete steps towards encouraging trade and business ties,\" says one executive. \"It has given a platform to the business community.\"The campaign has garnered much support from the international community as well. French and German ambassadors made a presentation at an AKA conference about the history of their conflict, how they made peace, the dividends of peace and lessons for India and Pakistan. The Commonwealth Business Forum invited Jang group and The Times of India to make a presentation at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting at Perth, the International Newsmedia Marketing Association conferred its most prestigious award \"Best in Class'' in New York to AKA, describing it as a 'game changer'. Independent surveys in India and Pakistan have shown that the campaign has led to a change in perceptions.(Beena Sarwar is Jang Group's Aman Ki Asha editor)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11326141", "title": "Strangers piece together novel on Facebook", "text": "KOLKATA: The co-authors of this forthcoming book are strangers to one other, who are unaware whether the fiction they are penning would turn out to be a thriller, a comedy, a romantic novel or some other genre.\"The characters and the story remain frozen till a fellow netizen adds a passage or sentence. Then it is again surrendered to the next person who volunteers to come forward. All along, none of the authors know what will happen next,\" says Upputuru, national creative director of Publicis India.The Delhi-based adman began by creating a page on Facebook 'People like you and me' in March and wrote the first three paragraphs of the unique book that he titled 'Once'.He subsequently invited those on the site to use their distinct creativity by commenting on the post and be one of those myriad storytellers that takes the tale forward.Attracting thousands of members as readers of the story, which is still being written, the idea became a superhit online. Around 30 people have already contributed to the story, with ten of them being regular writers.Mostly strangers, some of the authors are even students and foreigners like the controversial British advertising legend Neil French.Since every writer brings in his own perception, style and flavor into the story, which is set in Spain, the novel may turn out to be a thriller, a comedy or even a romantic love story as time progresses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321145", "title": "Corporator Gajbhiye joins BSP", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major jolt to RPI group, corporator Kishor Gajbhiye has resigned from Sulekha Kumbhare-led Bahujan Republican Ekta Manch and joined Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP).Gajbhiye told reporters that he and his supporters were fed up with RPI leaders strengthening their political relations with BJP.\"Ramdas Athawale had joined hands with BJP-Shiv Sena. Kumbhare is also in favour of BJP. Therefore, I along with hundreds of supporters have joined BSP in the presence of state BSP president Vilas Garud,\" he said.Gajbhiye is a corporator since the last 10 years and represents Chandramani Nagar. He is also a member of backward class committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321382", "title": "Ex-UPDS rebels begin election canvassing", "text": "GUWAHATI: Electioneering in Karbi Anglong is gaining momentum as the autonomous council polls is drawing near. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) elections will be held on January 4.About six former leaders of the United People's Democratic Solidarity (UPDS) are contesting the council election for the first time after the outfit was formally disbanded on December 14. Among the leaders in the fray are former UPDS general secretary, Haren Sing Bey, former defence secretary, Lambert Engleng, former finance joint secretary, Mohan Kathar, former political affairs joint secretary, Wajaro Mukrang, home affairs joint secretary, Surya Rongfar and former UPDS leader Dhan Sing Rongpi. They are contesting under the People's Alliance for Peace Agreement (PAPA) platform. Political observers said they are heavily banking on the recent peace accord signed between the outfit, Centre and state government in November.\"Signing of the peace accord was one of the most important steps towards ushering in peace in the insurgency-affected Karbi Anglong. The peace accord is being projected as a step forward in ushering in peace and development in the troubled Karbi Anglong. But the ultimate verdict will be given by the people in the elections,\" one of the political observers said.About 568 cadres and leaders of UPDS laid down arms in presence of Assam police DGP Shankar Barua, GOC 4 Corps, Lt Gen Shakti Gurung, additional DGP, Khagen Sharma, GOC 21 Mountain Division of the army Maj Gen R N Nair and many other officials from state police and security agencies at Diphu in Karbi Anglong on December 14.On Friday, chief minister Tarun Gogoi and health and education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma kicked off KAAC election campaign in Karbi Anglong. They also addressed an election rally at Bokoliaghat in the district on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321490", "title": "Purobi Bormudoi gets literary award", "text": "GUWAHATI: Noted writer Purobi Bormudoi has been conferred the 2011 Assam Valley Literary Award for her contribution to literature through her short stories and novels. She will receive the award in coming March.The Sahitya Akademi Award winning authoresses have managed to catch the myriad aspects of humanity through her fiction. She began her writing career in her late teens when she won the second prize in an all-Assam story writing competition, for her short story \"Eta Sapor Palayan\" (The Esacape of a Serpent). Her novels 'Gajraj' (Elephent), 'Prem Aru Banditva (Love and Friendship), and 'Param Pujania' (The Most Revered) gave her instant fame.Purobi's forte is her reflective tone which captivates the readers' mind at once. Her recent short story \"Eta Ali Bator Itikotha\" is based on the devastating affects of the World War II. She is the recipient of the Lekhia Bota (authoress award) conferred by the Sodou Asom Lekhika Somaroh, and also the Prabin Saikia Sahitya Bota.Meanwhile, Jiten Hazarika, a painter based in Delhi, has been named for the 2011 Pranab Barua Award winner for his contribution to visual art. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11327073", "title": "Anna Hazare recovering, should not fast for one month, say doctors", "text": "PUNE: Anna Hazare , who has been admitted to a private hospital here after suffering from a viral infection, is recovering and he should not fast at least for the next one month, doctors attending on him said today.74-year-old Hazare was admitted to the hospital last night and is being monitored by a team of doctors.After examining his health, the doctors said they have advised Hazare not to fast at least for the next one month till there is some improvement in his condition.\"For another one month he should not fast. If the condition deteriorates then it would be difficult. In five days, we will stop giving antibiotics to him and we expect some improvement after that,\" a doctor attending on him said.The doctor also said Hazare needs \"complete rest\" now and that his aides have been asked not to disturb him.\"His situation worsened after his 2-day fast in Mumbai. Now, he is in a better state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322393", "title": "The year fear died", "text": "The headiest feeling, chroniclers and philosophers say, is that of freedom. To live a life without the tyranny of power, the shackles of dogma, the shadow of corruption and the stench of inertia. The year gone by saw teeming masses of the ruled raise an angry fist at cruel despots, avaricious money-makers and indolent rulers. Sunday Times brings you stories and perspectives from across the world on 2011 - a remarkable year that saw the rise of the common folks, the fall of dictatorships and the beginning of protest as ideology.In 2011 the Fear of the Greater Evil magically left us. This, to a large extent, explains the worldwide rise o f p rotests against regimes and governments in the past year. What spooked us earlier seems so amusing now. Ideology hung grey and ominous then, providing the right kind of atmospherics to our frightened state of mind.So much has changed in just one year!Till recently, potentates thrived in Egypt, Libya and Tunisia for it was feared that barking mad mullahs would otherwise overrun Israel. As long as that scene brought out a scream, the West let Hosni Mubarak and Muammar Gaddafi rule the Middle East. It was as if they could cure everything in that region, from an oil shock to a snake bite. Tunisia and Tahrir Square switched on the lights and chased the ghosts away, but unlike in the past, the US, this time around, did not blow a fuse.There was dissent in Israel , too, and that surprised the world. Those who routinely fell for the scare that attacking Zionism was tantamount to supporting Nazism and denying the Holocaust, protested in their thousands in Palestine . With banners unfurled, they came out in the open demanding jobs and just governance. They also stood together, not as Arabs and Jews, but as Israelis. This new-found public mood laid another fear to rest.That the Israeli uprising should shamelessly copy what happened in Tunisia and Tahrir Square embarrassed the Knesset no end. The \"Good Life Revolution\", as the dissenters called it, openly acknowledged the Arab Spring. It began with just 150 angry Israelis pitching tents in Tel Aviv's fashionable Rothschild Avenue. By September 3, about 400,000 people, roughly 5% of Israel's total population, were out on the streets.Even the once-dangerous cold warriors look like aging gunslingers now. In the past, Soviet Russia used the spectre of the hated capitalists and other thugs to point west and shut out democracy. In the US, it was the old equation of anti-capitalism with Red Russians and other thugs that pointed east. Today, Muscovites and New Yorkers resemble each other because they are both free of the fear of the Greater Evil.We, in India, had our share of phobias too. Can India stay as one and fend off the avaricious Pakistan ? This thought was so fearful that it kept people from demanding a more responsible democracy and even the making of smaller states. Today, regardless of which side one is on - for the Lokpal or against it; for the division of Uttar Pradesh or against it - the worry that India might break up into little pieces does not even surface.Rothschild Avenue (renamed Tent City by Israeli protesters); Zuccotti Park in New York (the site of Wall Street Occupation); Tahrir Square in Cairo (needs no introduction), and Ramlila Ground in Delhi (we were there) attained iconic status in 2011. Corrupt politicians, dictators and wallet whackers always existed, but movements against them were checked worldwide by the fear of the Greater Evil. This kept protesters indoors, actually under the blanket.Yet, in 2011, that fear died the death of a thousand cuts. The death of this fear also meant the end of ideology. As long as there was this Greater Evil making faces at us, we could not but hide under ideological wraps. Consequently, communism, capitalism and Zionism did well in the old days. Each of them, face up, was frightening enough, and when they were flipped over, the other side was equally awesome.If these ideologies appeared menacing it was because they succeeded in demonizing their enemies. They needed fear to give themselves substance, tone and muscle. Criticize Indira Gandhi on Punjab and the Pakistanis would win; let Fidel Castro survive and communists would land in Florida; funniest of all, support George Bush on Iraq or the world would be destroyed.If these old bogeys sound ridiculous today it is because the era of the Great Fear is over. Neither Dwight D Eisenhower's domino theory, nor the horrors of Balkanization, nor the belligerence of Nato, nor the fanaticism of the Arabs hushes people into quiet corners. This explains why there is hardly a trace of ideology in any of the protests today. The most recurrent theme in the popular uprisings of 2011 was the demand for ethical accountability in public affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11327687", "title": "739 offenders booked for driving under influence of alcohol", "text": "MUMBAI: Clamping down on rash and drunk driving on the eve of the new year, as many as 739 offenders driving/riding under the influence of alcohol were booked last night during a special drive, police said today.\"A total of 739 people, who were driving their vehicles after consuming alcohol, were booked during the special drive that began at 10 PM on December 31 and continued till 6 AM on January 1. Among them, 511 were riding motorcycles,\" a senior police official (traffic) told PTI.Cops at various police stations as well as traffic police were stationed on different streets throughout the night wielding breathalysers, police said.A total of 179 cases were registered against car drivers, 18 against tempo, 14 against three wheelers, five each against taxi and truck drivers, four against trailers, two against private bus and one against an Ambulance driver, police said.\"A deposit of Rs 2000 was taken from each offender before they were allowed to go. They have been asked to be present before the magistrate courts tomorrow that will decide their punishment which may either be a jail term or fine or suspension of their licenses or combination of all three,\" the official added.Last year, on the eve of the New Year, 867 cases were registered, 128 more than this year, police said.Since June, 2007 when the city police began its drive against drunk driving, as many as 74,885 cases were registered of which 41,940 were sent for jail term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11329356", "title": "Diamond trader's body found in temple toilet", "text": "SURAT: The body of a diamond trader has been found from a temple on Varachha Road on Saturday. He was missing since December 22. Looking at the condition of the body, the police believe that the victim was murdered a couple of days ago.On Saturday, visitors at the Karmanath Mahadev Temple on Varachha Rroad complained of foul smell. When a locked toilet was opened, the decomposing body of a man tumbled out. Probe revealed that the person was Bavchand Vekariya, 53, a diamond trader operating in Mini Bazaar diamond market.Police believe that the deceased might have consumed some poisonous material which led to his death. \"We are waiting for the forensic report. The body was partially decomposed,\" said police. The deceased was last seen by his son on December 22. He had dropped Vekariya at Mini Bazaar and when he went to pick him up for lunch Vekariya was missing from. Vijay called his father on mobile but the phone was switched off. tnnOn the same day the family informed police and a missing complaint was lodged. Police is now working on the financial details of the deceased. Social life will also be checked once the family is completes the rituals. Vekariya is survived by a wife and two sons. Vekariya belonged to Dhasa village in Gadhda taluka of Bhavnagar district. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11329822", "title": "Northern Railway cancels 30 trains due to fog", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dense fog today affected the movement of 69 trains causing inconvenience to passengers.Railways have cancelled 30 trains and rescheduled 12 due to foggy conditions, a Northern Railway spokesperson said.As many as 27 trains coming from Odisha, Bihar, West Bengal, Assam and other parts of the country are running late by several hours.Hirakund Express is running late by 24 hours while Mahakaushal Express and Swatantra Express are running 12 hours behind schedule.Bhagalpur Garib Rath is late by eight hours. The official said dense fog has reduced visibility as a result of which loco pilots are finding it difficult to run trains at the normal speed.Elaborate arrangements have been made to disseminate information about late running of trains, he said.\"We are regularly advertising in newspapers and one can also find out through Railway Inquiry Service at telephone no 139 and railway website is also being updated about positions of trains,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321506", "title": "Meet your favourite authors this book fair", "text": "KOLKATA: Book lovers of the city are in for some luck. Your dream authors will be here during the book fair to chat about their life and works. And it is not authors alone who have confirmed their date with the city, there are luminaries from other fields also who are making a beeline for the Kolkata Literary Meet (KLM), an event that is making its debut this time.Not every day do you see Vikram Seth baring his heart over how he turned a writer, which is exactly what he will do on January 29, the fourth day of the meet. The book fair starts on January 25, while KLM starts the next day, at a specially designed auditorium meant to host the internationally celebrated authors and other guests.The presence of writer-cum-lyricist Gulzar will perhaps add to the glamour of the event. He is coming to discuss Tagore and the relevance of the bard even 70 years after his death. Gulzar will have leading lights like Sunil Gangopadhyay and Pakistani sensation Tehmina Durrani for company in his effort at unravelling the mystery of Tagore.KLM is being jointly organised by the Publishers and Booksellers Guild and Game Plan. Among the other Indian writers who have already confirmed participation to the organisers are Ruskin Bond, Chetan Bhagat, Amish Tripathi (of the Shiva trilogy fame), Mohammed Hanif, Amit Chaudhuri and Kunal Basu. Italian best selling author Alexandro Baricco and French graphic novelist Nicholas Wilde have also agreed not only to come here, but also talk about the literary scene in the West.\"We are lucky that people like Baricco, Bond, Muni Mohsin, Mohammed Hanif and Vikram Seth have agreed to participate in freewheeling chat shows. Chetan Bhagat, who is credited for turning non-readers into readers across Indian cities, has agreed to speak on donning the hat of a bestselling author,\" said Malavika Banerjee, of Game Plan.But perhaps it would be cricketer Imran Khan who would be the cynosure of all eyes. He has confirmed participation and has also agreed to speak on, \"captaining a nation\". He is also likely to talk on his latest book, Pakistan: A personal History, a book that got released in September.The organisers have decided to throw in a bit of journalistic debate in between. So on January 28, you will see TV personality Rajdeep Sardesai debating in favour of the media on the issue of whether the media doesn't go deep enough in its investigations but just remains satisfied by slandering its target. Omar Abdullah , chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir, will speak against the media, \"from his recent experience with the media.\"\"For a long time we wanted to have a literary meet on the grandiose lines of the Edinburgh Literary festival or the Jaipur Literary Festival. We are happy that we have been able to start KLM. We have already received confirmations from some of the biggest names in the literary world. We hope that more confirmations will roll in,\" said Tridib Chatterjee, general secretary of the Guild.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11293566", "title": "Cheering the tuk tuks", "text": "The party brigade of Chennai came forth in full force to celebrate the opening night of an annual autorickshaw challenge, which drew quite an enthusiastic turnout.The 33 participants hailing from nine countries made the evening one to remember as they chatted up the guests and made themselves familiar to those present. The event held at an upmarket restaurant witnessed these young and raring adventurers unwinding in style.With some nice cocktails and drinks to keep the spirits high, the attendees at this do had the best of both worlds. The occasion was not dampened by the rains which had lashed out at the city for the past few days and the guests regaled each other with some nice conversation and anecdotes from all over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "katihar", "code": "11321263", "title": "Youth tries to hijack train engine for beloved", "text": "KATIHAR: A youth tried to hijack the engine of a train to gift it to his girlfriend on New Year's eve. He was arrested on Friday night at Kursela station and has since been remanded in judicial custody.The 24-year-old love-struck youth, Ketan Kumar, indulged in the daring act to please his beloved around 8.20pm on Friday. He somehow managed to board the engine of the Katihar-bound 15708 Amrapali Express and whipped out a gun from his pocket, which he held at the temple of the driver. But he was overpowered and arrested by the GRP at Kursela, about 40 km from here.Katihar SP (railways) Sukan Paswan disclosed that the youth is a student of BBA at Saharsa and a native of Madhepura district.The identity of the girl could not be established as Kumar refused to disclose her name and place of residence. \"Under no circumstance will I disclose my beloved's name,\" he told newsmen at Katihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320591", "title": "Ditch death: Father ends 19-day old fast", "text": "MUMBAI: An auto driver from Vikhroli, Uday Mohite (35), and eight others ended their 19-day hunger strike on Friday after the government and police did not give in to their demands of getting the collector and his deputies arrested.Mohite began fasting after his one-year-old son died after falling into a ditch dug up by BMC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11322255", "title": "Revised elector roll on display from tomorrow", "text": "VARANASI: The revised elector roll will be published in all assembly areas on Monday. Assistant district election officer Ram Yagya Mishra said that all booth-level officers, presiding officers and supervisors have been directed to collect the voter lists from elector registration officer (ERO) concerned and display them at identified places in all assembly constituencies.The distribution of election photo identity cards (EPIC) would start from the same day and this process would continue till January 12. The daily report of EPIC distribution would be submitted to ERO concerned at 4 pm.The EPICs which would not be distributed by January 12 would be distributed through elector registration offices of tehsil headquarters.The newly registered electors completing the age of 18 by January 2 would get their EPICs on the occasion of National Voters' Day, which would be observed at booth level on January 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11322515", "title": "51-year-old HIV+ man infects thousands in US", "text": "LONDON: An HIV-positive man in US has potentially infected thousands of people - by having unprotected sex so he could spread the disease, according to a media report.David Dean Smith, 51, turned himself in to a Michigan police station last week - after claiming to have slept with 3,000 men and women over several years. A detective investigating the case said: \"He says he intentionally attempted to spread the disease to kill people\" . It is unclear when Smith was diagnosed with HIV, but he claims to have known full well what he was doing when he had unprotected sex with many partners.While he claims that there may be thousands of victims, so far he has been arraigned and charged with two counts of AIDS-sexual penetration with an uninformed partner, 'Daily Mail' reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11322159", "title": "Youth Congress workers vandalise new Passport Seva Kendra", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Youth Congress workers on Wednesday vandalized the new Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) located in the ground floor of Carmel Towers, opposite the Cotton Hill School. The attackers were protesting against the local MP, MLA and councillor not being invited for the inauguration of the PSK. Led by Vazhuthacaud councilor K Suresh Kumar , the group damaged chairs and tables and shouted slogans.Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi, chief passport officer, MEA, who was presiding over the function pleaded for peace and tried to convince the protesters that he had informed MP Shashi Thaoor on Wednesday morning about the event.\"Tharoor knows we are here. He said he was not invited to this event. If this is a project for the people then the people's representatives have every right to be here. I have every right to be here.\" Neither the councillor nor the MLA was invited for the event. \"This happens only in Kerala. We had heard about politics being a roadblock to progress. But this is the first time I am witnessing one. Is this the brand of politics that Tharoor wants to promote,\" asked TCS vice-president Tanmoy Chakrabarty, who was also present at the venue. \"This is not a launch, only a walkthrough for the media and for employees of the Trivandrum Passport Office. This is how it was done in other centres like Hyderabad and Madurai,\" Chakrabarty said.Pardeshi, who is also the joint secretary of the Passport Seva Project, said, \"Tharoor is in New Delhi. I had informed him about the event and he had no problem. Then why are his people doing this now.\" When asked about the incident, Tharoor said he didn't support any kind of misbehaviour. \"I am proud of having played a role in bringing the Passport Seva Kendras to Thiruvananthapuram and Neyyattinkara. Whatever happened today, I trust the kendras will serve the public well from tomorrow,\" said Tharoor in a text message. DGP Jacob Punnose too was invited to take part in the soft launch but said he could not make it as he was at an emergency PSU meeting convened at the chief secretary's office. The event was cut short following the ruckus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11328432", "title": "British police to meet slain Anuj Bidve's family in India", "text": "LONDON: Two officials are scheduled to fly to India to meet the family of Indian student Anuj Bidve, who was killed in an attack on Boxing Day in Salford.The investigating team have not yet recovered the murder weapon with which a gunman shot 23-year-old Bidve in the head after a brief conversation in the Ordsall area of Salford on December 26.Two persons are currently under arrest while a reward of 50,000 pounds has been announced to trace the killer.The Bidve family is expected to arrive in Manchester next week to take the victim's body back to India for final rites.Assistant Chief Constable Dawn Copley said: \"Our family liaison officers are in regular contact with Anuj's family but passing information and updates over the phone is not the best way to communicate in such difficult and tragic circumstances\".\"It is important to me personally, and Greater Manchester Police, to have someone from the force meet with Anuj's family at the earliest opportunity and help support them at this time,\" she said.\"Having conversations face-to-face is absolutely the right thing to do. We will of course also provide whatever support we can throughout the family's forthcoming trip to the UK ,\" the official addedChief Superintendent Russ Jackson and a family liaison officer will meet Bidve's family in India.Earlier, Subhash Bidve, the victim's Pune-based father, expressed his dismay that the family learnt of the incident from Facebook rather than from the police.The police is treating the incident as a hate crime \"based on the growing perceptions within the community\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11321689", "title": "New sitting arrangements of HC judges tomorrow", "text": "MADURAI: New sitting arrangement of judges in Madurai Bench of Madras high court will be in place from Monday. As per rotational arrangement, the previous batch of judges had their sittings till December 22 in the Madurai Bench. From January 2 onwards, a new batch of 12 judges will sit here for a three months. Three of them have been recently appointed as judges in the Madras High court.Justice Chitra Venkatraman and Justice R Karuppiah will look after all civil division bench matters that include writ petition, writ appeals, civil miscellaneous applications, first appeal, tax matters, contempt matters, contempt appeals, unauthorised constructions, encroachment matters and admission and final hearings.Another bench comprising Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar and Justice P Devadass is to take up all habeas corpus petitions and criminal appeals. The judges who are sitting in the division bench will also hold single sittings in the afternoon after finishing division bench works.Justices V Dhanapalan, A Selvam, P R Shivakumar, T Sudanthiram, K K Sasidharan, R Subbiah, C T Selvam, and K Ravichandra Baabu are other single judges who will be sitting here in Madurai Bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "11321122", "title": "Aarti is making family legacy with old yarn", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: A pile of grey wool lies on Aarti Bhalla's lap as her hands deftly roll it into small balls. \"I will make a sweater for my granddaughter Leisha with this wool,'' she says, adding that it is the same wool she had used to knit a sweater for her son several years ago.The 60-year-old retired teacher says these days she has enough time to indulge in her love for knitting, unravelling old sweaters to make new ones, trying new designs and also teaching others to knit.Aarti has been knitting for more than 40 years. \"I learnt from my mother when I was 19 years old. At that I used to make sweaters, gloves and socks for my brothers. But after getting married there were many other responsibilities and I also started teaching so I could not take time out for knitting,'' she says. About her latest project, Aarti says she found the sweater she had made for her son some years ago but was not being used anymore. \"So I decided to make good use of it and pulled apart the sweater. I boiled the wool and would soon begin knitting. It will be like a family legacy being passed down. More women should knit more often so that the art does not die,'' she says.Her daughter-in-law Shivani says she feels lucky to be able to wear hand-knit sweaters that Aarti makes. \"She is so fond of knitting that she can give up anything for it. She loves exploring new designs and keeps browsing fashion magazines for inspiration. I can't knit but feel proud of my mother-in-law who is an expert,'' says Shivani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11321709", "title": "On New Year eve flower prices hit the roof", "text": "MADURAI: With people gearing up to welcome the New Year, prices of flowers was at an all time high in the Mattuthavani Integrated Market, the largest in the southern district.In Madurai district alone, flowers like Madurai jasmine, chrysanthemums, white champak and cassandra are being cultivated in 1,450 hectares. Of that 1,450 hectares, Madurai jasmine was being grown in 1,050 hectares.According to a horticulturist, due to winter, mist had set in and hence the size of flowers had also shrunk. Generally, during this season, yield is low. Too many festivals are held till Pongal while the Sabarimala season also contributed to the increase in flower costs.E Kesavan, president of the Madurai Flower Merchants Association, told TOI that in normal circumstances, they were handling at least 25 to 40 tonnes of flowers per day in the market. But now, they are getting only 3 tonnes of flowers. There was a huge gap between demand and supply.He adds that in view of New Year's Eve, the flower rates had gone up manifold. It cost Rs 300 per kg for Madurai jasmine. We depend upon arrivals from Vallayangulam, Paramapatti, Alangulam, Sonankurani, Kariapatti and Alagarkoil. The supply was struck due to mist and other factors. Quite a handful of exporters of jasmine flower are ready to send their crop provided people are willing to buy.N Jagadeesan, an exporter of jasmine and president of the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said the arrivals of Madurai malli flower was very low since it was off season. We are getting only about 10 to 20% of our original supply. Prices hover at Rs 300 for Madurai jasmine, Rs 40 for chrysanthemums, Rs 150 for white champak, Rs 400 for Cassandra, and Rs. 300 for Pitchi- all per kg. The prices might, however, come down by Sunday evening, added the flower merchant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11321578", "title": "This couple spends their weekend teaching adivasi kids", "text": "COIMBATORE: Every weekend, Sudhakaran drives to Vadakkalur in Anaikatti, about 25 km from Coimbatore, where he has set up a school to teach poor adivasi children. The primary focus is on improving their English language skills and the students have shown remarkable improvement, he told TOI. Besides English, help is provided to children studying in classes from one to nine learn other subjects.It was three years ago that Medhil Sudhakaran, a retired senior postmaster from Coimbatore Post Office, and his wife, K R Lakshmi, presently postmaster at Saibaba Colony Post Office, set up the school in a one-room tenement in this tiny hamlet. They bore all the expenses themselves. \"We spent around one lakh to build the school and the furniture cost an additional Rs 20,000,\" said Sudhakaran.\"When our son M S Nandhagopal was young, we taught him English. We supported his education till he took a post-doctorate degree in the US. His English skills are now superb. In fact, it was he who laid the platform for this school for tribal children.So after retiring I decided to take up teaching in the school,\" he said. Taking confidence from the experience of teaching their son, the couple decided to conduct classes for adivasi children.\"On an average, 20-25 children from nearby areas attend our classes. My husband is really the one behind the effort,\" said Lakshmi.The couple live in Saibaba Colony in the city and drive to Anaikatti during weekends for taking classes. \"I don't accompany him on Saturdays as I have to go to the post office. But both of us go on Sunday to teach in Anaikatti,\" says Lakshmi. \"We are very happy as our students have shown remarkable improvement,\" said Sudhakaran.Coimbatore: A school established in the hamlet of Vadakkalur in Anaikatti is focussing on improving English skills of tribal children living there. The school, which has been open in the area, for the last three years, also imparts classes in other subjects for children from Class one to Class nine.Two employees of the postal department are the brains behind the school. Medhil Sudhakaran, a retired senior postmaster from Coimbatore Post Office and K R Lakshmi, who is now the postmaster at Saibaba Colony Post Office spare their weekends teaching these tribal children. The couple built a one-room school bearing all the expenses themselves. \"We spent around one lakh to build the school and the furniture cost an additional Rs 20,000,\" said Sudhakaran.\"When our son M S Nandhagopal was young, we taught him English. We supported his education till he complete his post-doctorate degree in the US. His English skills are now superb. In fact, it was he who laid the platform for this school for tribal children. So after retiring I decided to take up teaching in the school,\" he said. Taking confidence from the experience of teaching their son, the couple decided to conduct classes free of cost for tribal children.\"On an average, 20-25 children from nearby areas attend our classes. My husband is really the one behind the effort,\" said Lakshmi. And now, the couple have their hands full during the weekends.The couple live in Saibaba Colony in the city and drive to Anaikatti during the weekends for classes. \"I don't accompany him on Saturdays as I have to go the post office. But both of us go on Sunday to teach in Anaikatti,\" says Lakshmi. \"We are very happy as our students have made a remarkable improvement in the classes,\" said Sudhakaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11321152", "title": "Where\u2019s the party tonight?", "text": "MUMBAI: If you woke up with a hangover, muscular pain and a vivid memory of embarrassing stories from last night's five-star party, congratulations. You have just lived every young boy's annual dream. A dream that, for 19-year-old Rishi Arora-and many many teenagers like him -entails weeks of careful application of that all-important Indian quality known as jugaad.Last year, when Rishi decided to tap into his usual ATM called 'Dad' for party passes, his father showed him the door by likening the price of a pass to the EMI of a house. Unwilling to let go, Rishi devised a smart plan: two weeks before New Year's Eve, he began hanging around the party venue, sharing a cup of tea with a hulky man and exchanging high-fives and man jokes with him. In this new 'friendship' with the bouncer of the nightclub, Rishi found his ticket to high society, free drinks and more importantly, bragging rights of a night well spent. \"There were TV stars, people coming in Mercedes and drinking expensive whisky,\" he would later show off to friends.The desperation created by the immense hype around New Year's Eve leads many youngsters to behave in similarly bizarre ways. Twenty-four-year-old Shikha Krishnan, for instance, went to the extent of befriending a \"friend's friend's friend\" at a wedding ceremony last year after she realised that the latter owned a bungalow in Vasai and was known to throw elaborate new year bashes. Market forces at this time of year-when all advertising copy begins with the refrain 'It's that time of the year again'-conspire to cause even cash-strapped collegians to believe that they need to be seen at the right mwah-mwah glitzy evening in order to validate their existence. That's why \"to be able to afford the tickets, which are usually between Rs 8,000 and Rs 20,000 each, they bet, play snooker and even go to the extent of trying to gatecrash or waiting till the last minute to see if they get lucky\", says event manager Dhawal Oza of Dreamz, Events and Ideas.Some enterprising collegians, in fact, try to sneak into nightclubs with fake stamps on their forearms.\"They try to replicate the entry stamp by transferring it on to a friend while the ink is still fresh, but we can figure out as the imprint is either dull or in reverse,\" says Vikram Mehta, director of Red Om Entertainment , who organises high-profile New Year parties. If fake stamps don't work, there's always false self-esteem.\"Gatecrashers are very confident people. You see them at almost every New Year party. They are well-dressed, well-spoken, uninhibited and of course, uninvited,\" says Meghana Chitalia, head of event management agency Party Planet. It is small wonder then that at one private party being organised this year, the invitations include swipe cards.Party planners are also full of stories about teenagers who tie up with them and sell party passes in the hope of receiving a hefty commission while some others volunteer to don ridiculous costumes in malls to earn a quick buck. Psychologist Seema Hingorrany, who always sees a spurt in the number of \"depressed and lonely\" cases around this time, knows of a boy who went one step further.\"He sold off his mother's ornaments to be able to afford passes for himself and his new girlfriend. \"He didn't want to go Dutch and even bought gifts for her. It was when they were about to call the cops that he admitted to it,\" Hingorrany recalls. A 23-year-old swears that some youngsters go even further, hooking up with drug dealers to get them easy customers and make their pile.For those who don't scam their way through, there's the annual heartbreak. Hardeep Singh rues that it's the hardest to be a young, single male on this day.\"Bouncers prefer it if you are with a girl but if I don't get in, how will I find one?\" he asks. He must know, however, that it isn't the best day to be a young woman either. The urge to live up to social expectations at such parties leads to a lot of feminine heartburn. Thane's Jasmin Mani, who normally spends New Year's eve cribbing about how she doesn't have a social circle, grudgingly went on a hunt for an evening gown recently. \"Even though I have not been invited to any party and despite the fact that it makes me feel conscious and fat, I bought it,\" she says. \"I want to be prepared.\"Geetika Khapse can understand. She has been dreaming of wearing the WR01-a Wendell Rodricks dress that costs Rs 8,600-for months.\"I need to have it for New Year's eve but I cannot pay this much,\" says Khapse, who is considering going to a wardrobe rental service called Secret Wardrobe that boasts an enviable collection of A-list designers like Abraham &amp; Thakore, Sabyasachi, Rohit Bal and Maheka Mirpuri. Secret Wardrobe, which keeps its clients' identity strictly under wraps, gets rentals everyday, especially in this season, says owner Jessica G Nagpal.For these young Mumbaikars, if the world is ending in 2012, every desperate measure seems reasonable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11320774", "title": "CNG price hike: City pumps set to get Delhi customers", "text": "GURGAON: The serpentine queues at the four CNG filling stations in the city might just get longer with a substantial increase in the cost of fuel in neighbouring Delhi and a few other places in the National Capital Region.The prices of CNG in Gurgaon were left untouched and hence, after the increase, while CNG will cost Rs 33.75 per kg in Delhi, the fuel will cost Rs 32.50 in the city. The cost in places like Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad will be Rs 37.90 per kg.According to sources, the prices in Gurgaon were left untouched because they were hiked only recently. They say that they expect more rush at the filling stations.\"It is but natural that commuters from Delhi and Noida who have their offices here would like to get fuel at a lower cost and this will increase the burden on the existing filling stations in the city. The prices in Gurgaon were revised recently and therefore we are not going to increase it for the time being,\" said an official of Haryana City Gas (HCG), the sole provider of CNG in the city.The commuters who run their cars on CNG say that the advantage of switching over to CNG has been lost. \"As it is, there is a long queue at the filling station every time and now people from neighbouring places will also add to this rush. What is the point of switching over to CNG if it means wasting so much time and effort just to fill gas? The authorities should open more filling stations and should not increase the cost, else their effort to be environment-friendly will never succeed,\" said Rajat Kapoor, a Sector 23 resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321450", "title": "Rajarhat to get new arterial road", "text": "KOLKATA: Rajarhat New Town will soon get its second arterial road that will run parallel to the existing main arterial road and connect Kolkata airport with Basanti Road, passing through the central business district (CBD) and IT hub of New Town.Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen said the Hidco board has approved a second major arterial road in New Town. It will be a 5.56-km-long road and will start from the second Bagjola bridge connecting Basanti Road and will terminate at the sixth intersection of the existing road to the airport. \"Earlier the technical committee approved on this proposal to set up another arterial road. Expression of interests will be floated soon for the work to be executed,\" he said.The road will provide an alternative transit route for traffic dispersal from the city, especially when the proposed link to Basanti Road becomes operational. It would form a southern boundary to the CBD. This new arterial road will also be a 10-lane carriageway with service roads on both sides and parking facilities at specific busy intersections.Officials said that with the increasing number of vehicular traffic on the main arterial road, the requirement to set up another arterial road parallel to the existing main arterial road was felt. \"The main objective of setting up this another thoroughfare is to provide a smooth flow of segregated traffic through the IT hub, industrial and commercial complexes, including the leather and allied industries that are growing up in the southern part of the township along Basanti Road,\" officials said. The idea to set up this second arterial road is to segregate the traffic for the earmarked IT hub where IT giants Infosys and Wipro will set up their campuses. The authorities have already prepared the road alignment. The cost to construct this new arterial road has been pegged at Rs 80 crore which would be borne by Hidco itself.Officials said with the increase in demand for IT land, Hidco decided to reserve substantial land for IT use. A separate connection up to the airport from the IT sector was considered necessary which could be served through this second arterial road. Already, a second bridge across Bagjola canal has been constructed for passing of this second arterial road.Along with this second arterial road, there is a proposal to set up a few link roads and flyover that will integrate connectivity along the IT hub and industrial zone. The authorities also have a proposal to set up a link road connecting Basanti Road an east west major arterial road and also a flyover.Already, the authorities have set up a flyover on the main arterial road in Action Area-1. There are proposals to build quite a few such flyovers on the main arterial road at strategic points to ease out traffic. Hidco was also working to develop traffic system on the main arterial road and the second arterial road will also have traffic system as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321039", "title": "Govt scuttles NMC move to abandon flats for the poor", "text": "NAGPUR: The central and state governments have shot down the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's proposal to abandon the construction of flats for slum dwellers under the Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme. Rs 225 crore had been sanctioned under it to construct 9,829 flats.The NMC had cited many reasons for stopping the construction. The major one was 'political conspiracy'. It was followed by demands of increase in built-up area by the stakeholders who also wanted ownership rights to the land. Moreover, the Nagpur Improvement Trust too wanted TDR as against land in the slum areas.Under its ambitious plans to rid of slums in cities, the central government sanctioned Rs 327.29 crores for construction of buildings with flats measuring 350 sq ft. The buildings were to come up in 23 slum areas.2,603 flats were sanctioned to be constructed in Chamar Nullah, Taj Nagar, Pilli River-2 Area, Baba Buddh Nagar and Bangladesh followed by 2,518 in Jingabai Takli on September 5, 2008, 279 in Jatarodi on December 29, 2008, 1,282 in Wanjara on January 15, 2009, 1,080 in Adivasi Gond Toli, 858 in Jaibajrang Nagar, 567 in Panch Jhopda and 642 in Gopal Nagar in February 2009.Due to the protests, the NMC could start construction of just 126 flats in Jingabai Takli, Jatarodi and Wanjara and was hoping to complete another 1,170 flats soon. Already behind schedule, the NMC wanted to drop the construction of 8,533 flats. The permission was however been denied.Project director (slum) GD Jambhulkar told TOI that state chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad held a meeting during the recent winter session and directed the NMC to continue the works.\"The government has permitted for the plans to be revised as per the wishes of the beneficiaries. As constructing huge housing schemes are not possible, the plan is to make five or less number of flats in clusters. Co-operation is required from political leaders and also beneficiaries to make city slum free. Around 90% beneficiaries are ready but the problem is with just 10%,\" said Jambhulkar.With 421 slums, Nagpur is ranked the fourth-largest city in India. \"Around 12.25 lakh of total population of 25 lakh are residing in slum areas. NMC is not able to do much for those residing there due to paucity of funds.Fortunately, the government had sanctioned a good amount to provide houses to the poor. Electricity, water and other basic amenities are also being given at very low prices. About 78 slum dwellers have already taken possession in the completed projects. If the project is not entirely completed, the standard of living many will remain where it is today,\" said an NMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11320747", "title": "Row over Rs 6: Driver killed in cold blood", "text": "GURGAON: In a fight over a paltry sum of six rupees, a call centre cab driver was killed in Udyog Vihar by a tea stall owner and his friends late on Friday night.The victim, Hitesh, 20, a resident of Naund village in Rohtak district, was employed with a call centre in Udyog Vihar as a cab driver. He used to visit a tea stall owned by one Chauhan near the call centre.Late on Friday night when Hitesh asked fortea, Chauhan demanded that Hitesh pay Rs 6 that he owed him before. Soon the two got into an altercation and after some time Hitesh allegedly slapped Chauhan.Chauhan left his stall in a huff and returned with five of his friends. Together they beat up Hitesh brutally. Cahuhan also stabbed Hitesh in his neck with an ice-breaker. When a bleeding Hitesh fell to the ground, the assailants fled from the spot.The police had rushed Hitesh to a private hospital, where doctors declared him brought dead.On the basis of eyewitness accounts, the Sector 18 police registered a case against Chauhan and his unidentified friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11322378", "title": "Bigger, better railway platforms", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Central, one of the busiest railway stations in the country, went through some beneficial changes in 2011. Platform number one of Kanpur Central was extended to accommodate trains having 24 coaches and above. The platform was extended on both the ends viz Delhi and Howrah. The other facilities that were made available to passengers were AC waiting halls, including the VIP lodge, and better vehicle parking facility. Also, a new foot-overbridge was opened for passengers at the Delhi-end of the railway station. Not only this, the Control Room situated in Juhi was connected through non-interlocking system.Development works are presently going on at Govindpuri and Panki railway stations. A new foot-overbridge is being constructed at Govindpuri railway station to facilitate passengers in reaching the platforms easily. At city-side of Kanpur Central, it is expected that two routes would be created, for entry and exit.The UPSRTC launched long-distance bus tours from Kanpur. AC Volvo buses were also introduced between places like Kanpur-Lucknow, and Mathura. AC buses for cities like Varanasi and Jhansi were also launched. Sleeper buses were also introduced on some of the routes. At the bus-station, an AC waiting hall was constructed for passengers. Drinking water facility was also made available to the passengers. It is now expected that the bus station will get a makeover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11324619", "title": "Marriage on the sets", "text": "Abir in crisp white dhoti; Swastika looking radiant as the bride. The two had a picture-perfect wedding - literally - on Friday, watched on by Abir's 'first' and real wife, Nandini, and Swastika's daughter, Mani.Of course, we aren't talking of a real wedding. The two actors were shooting a marriage sequence for Abhijit Dasgupta's \"Aashbo Aar Ekdin\". And just like any biyebari, the unit had fullon masti canning the shots. So much so, that the director kept on saying, \"Tora ebar ektu chup korbi, please? Can't work in this noise.\"For starters, Abir had to ride a ghodi for the sequence. \"I play Punjabi munda Karan, who's off to marry his Bengali sweetheart, Mira. Everything was fine but when I was mounting the mare, I realized that this was something I'd never done before. There I was with a pagdi and sehra on my face, completely blind to whatever was happening around me. I knew that the baraatis were dancing away to glory. I kept my fingers crossed. What if any of the lights or the dancers kicked the mare from the back? Where would that leave me? Thank god for the guy who was handling the animal,\" Abir recounted.His ordeal did not end there. \"Just imagine, as soon as my director said 'cut' and that too after three to four such takes, everyone left me there. The directorial team got busy with the next shot, while the rest of the crew sipped chai. And I was stranded with the animal, meekly requesting, 'Ore amake keu toh nama'.\" Swastika finds her jodidaar talking about his horse riding, Abir later posted online: 'Horse ridin s jst awful!I salute al d raja,maharajas,d numerous heroes who made horse ridin look so vry glamorous!! it ws d intial hiccups4 me,u knw d 1st time nervousness...ha ha.horses I mean too'.If you think that was funny, listen to this. The duo kept doing malabodol at least 30 times. \"Blame it on our DoP who told us to kept repeating the act till we were asked to stop.\"Swastika, for whom this was her 27th onscreen marriage, agreed, \"Oh yes. There was a lot of banter. Poor Abhijitda kept complimenting our chemistry. But only we know what nonsense kept us laughing all through.\"There came a point when Mani made herself comfortable on her mommy's lap. \"I can well see the future. If I ever get married, Mani will actually come and sit on my lap. But she is there in one shot sprinkling marigold petals,\" the doting mother added.Abir, in fact, had posted: 'solely concentrating on my future Satyabati!!nobdy dares2 intervene!!' \"The rate at which she is growing up! Puro heroine sulabh achoron hoyechhe or. I have told everybody that she will be my future Satyabati,\" the actor joked. But he doubted whether 'ths gorgeous little lady wil agree2 play opp a \"flat,weird,OLD\" hero?'Going by Swastika's words that would not be a problem. \"Abir is Mani's heartthrob. She was ready with her hair and makeup in place when I asked if she would like to accompany me to the shoot as she has her vacation now,\" added Swastika. What's marriage sans a yummy spread? So the entire unit (that roamed around wearing marigold garlands) feasted on biryani.On a more serious note we asked Swastika what it felt like in koner saaj. \"Everyone was asking me the same question. But I like I said this was my 27th marriage on screen. That explains, I guess ,\" she reasoned.Our reason, this is one jodi to watch out for, on screen that is!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11321632", "title": "Restaurant owner goes missing with family", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Owner of one of the prominent Gujarati thali joints opposite VS Hospital went missing from his residence in Satellite. His brother intimated the city police about his disappearance. A note left behind by the owner mentioned that he was compelled to go 'far from the city' because of financial woes faced by him.According to Satellite police, Rajesh Thakkar, owner of Gopi Dining Hall had been to work on December 27 and had come back home with his elder brother Dilip, owner of Balaram Resorts. Dilip dropped him at Amaltas Bungalows in Satellite and drove home.\"On morning of December 28, Dilip received calls from his relatives that Rajesh was not reachable either on his mobile phone or residence landline. After a couple of attempts, he drove to Rajesh's residence and found it locked. Shocked, he contacted the nearby residents but they did not have any clue on his whereabouts. After trying numbers of other family members, he broke the door,\" said a Satellite police official.Officials said that Rajesh was missing along with his wife Varsha and sons Yash, 22, and Tej, 18. Yash studies management at Pune whereas Tej studies hotel management in Goa. The duo had come to celebrate the year-end with the family. Rajesh was looking after the business of restaurants in the city.\"The note found from his residence mentioned that he was suffering from financial crunch for some time. As per the note, he had not discussed it with anybody but it aggravated to such an extent that he had no other option left. 'I cannot bear it anymore and am leaving now, far from the city' mentioned the note,\" said the official.While his relatives have started searching at his probable whereabouts, the city police have employed technical and human surveillance to find him, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bandel", "code": "11321312", "title": "Another held for attack on ONGC officer", "text": "BANDEL: Chinsurah police on Friday arrested one of the two absconding youths whose names featured in the complaint in Satyabrata Mukherjee case. With the arrest of Jhantu Haldar from Bandel's Gandhi colony, six persons are now behind the bar. Only Nepal Adhikari is still at large. Police have intensified raids and hope to nab him within a day or two.On the evening of December 24, Mukherjee, a deputy general manager (explosion) of ONGC posted in Agartala, was badly beaten up at Balagarh road by seven inebriated youths after he asked them to clear the way. He, along with wife Bidisha and daughter Tanisha, was driving back home when he was forced to halt after the drunken youths blocked the road.Mukherjee had received a punch in the eye that detached his cornea. Doctors treating him fear the worst and have asked Bidisha to seek alternative opinion. The family will be travelling to Hyderabad to consult doctors at LV Prasad Eye Institute. Following a police complaint, five youths-Raju Pal, Sudipto Pal, Samar Karmakar, Babai Kundu and Rintu Haldar-were arrested on Thursday and remanded in jail custody for a fortnight. Haldar has also been sent to jail for 14 days.Locals said Bonmasjidtala and Gandhi Colony in Bandel had turned into dens for anti-socials of late. Located within a kilometer of the Bandel Church, it had become a hunting ground for criminals who harassed passers-by, particularly during the year-end festivities. In September, locals had submitted a memorandum to police, urging action to cleanse the area of miscreants.Hooghly SP Tonmoy Roychowdhury said all necessary steps are being taken. \"What has happened is shameful and unfortunate,\" he said. Though police were caught in poor light initially when they refused Bidisha's FIR, they have since become proactive. Chinsurah court is monitoring the case and has asked police to submit the case diary on Tuesday.Meanwhile, Haldar's father Aurobinda Halder-a hawker-denied that his son had consumed alcohol. \"It is a blatant lie. None of the accused is known to us,\" Bidisha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11326777", "title": "Aamir Khan says, wah Ustad", "text": "Few know that Aamir Khan is a huge fan of Ustad Rashid Khan.The actor has a personal collection of all the recordings of the vocalist and it came as no surprise when he asked the Ustad to usher in New Year with an exclusive performance at his Mumbai residence on December 31. The vocalist took a flight to Mumbai yesterday morning and will be returning to Kolkata today to celebrate his son's birthday on January 1.Said Soma, the vocalist's wife, \"It was a year back that director Neeraj Vohra wanted to get in touch with Rashid to perform at a concert in the memory of his father, who was a santoor player. Neeraj expressed his desire to Aamir bhai, who, in turn, told the director that he was extremely fond of Rashid's recital and also showed him his collection of CDs.\"The actor had attended this concert too. \"After the concert, Rashid and Talat Aziz were chatting outside the auditorium, while Aamir bhai waited patiently to meet him. He told Neeraj that he'd prefer to wait since he didn't want anyone to disturb the two artistes in conversation. Aamir and Rashid's friendship grew with time. However, whenever Aamir has come down to Kolkata, Rashid has been out of town and vice versa. After the birth of his son, Azad, Aamir bhai had called Rashid up too. He told him that he would love to ring in the new year with Rashid's concert at home. He wanted Azad to listen to Rashid while welcoming 2012. Though our son, Armaan, is turning eight today and we have a bash at home, Rashid still decided to go down and perform,\" Soma signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321085", "title": "Man tries to crack ATM, arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: A 23-year-old has been arrested on charge of attempting to break open an ATM of the State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) located near the SMS Hospital under the Moti Doongari police station area on Friday night. Police said he had tried to rob the ATM to get money for liquor as he was unemployed for the past two months.\"Jitendra Kumar alias Jeetu is a labourer. He had been fired by his contractor two months ago. He is a liquor addict and was out of money,\" Bharat Singh, the investigating officer, said.He added he had barged into the ATM on Friday night and tried to break it open.\"The bank has removed security guards from all its ATMs since November 1 leaving them vulnerable to such thefts,\" Singh added.\"However, he could not succeed. The attempt came to light on Friday morning following which a police team rushed to the spot,\" the officer said.The police conducted forensic examination of the spot. \"The bank provided us CCTV footages of the night the incident took place and we were able to identify the man. The man, Jeetu, was generally seen near the SMS Hospital and police teams caught hold of him there,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322691", "title": "Heat against steel", "text": "Billed as India's single largest FDI project, it was to be a major move of an India unafraid of foreign players, an India attractive as an investment destination. On June 22, 2005 when the government of Orissa signed an MoU with South Korean steel major POSCO for establishment of a steel plant at Paradip in the Jagatsinghpur district, there was talk of an astounding $12 billion (Rs 52,000 crore) being pumped in by the steel biggie. The project was to make the government richer by about Rs 700-800 crore annually, provide direct employment to 13,000 people and indirect employment for 35,000.And then, suddenly, there was a downward spiral with the mostly tribal population of about 5,000 families protesting that the world's fifth-largest steel makers would take away land that had been sustaining them for centuries. The MoU itself expired in June last year and its renewal has been pending since then.The latest fluctuation in the fortunes of the project was caused by yet another flare-up on December 14 in which one person lost his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321243", "title": "KMC-commissioned report listed Chowbagha bheri in 2003", "text": "KOLKATA: Eight years ago, a study commissioned by Kolkata Municipal Corporation had clearly identified Dag No. 658 in Chowbagha mouja in Ward No. 108 as a wetland named Collector Bheri. It was a full-fledged waterbody till as late as mid-November. An army of labourers then descended, pumped out the water and began constructing a wall along the periphery. By mid-December, most of the water spread over 43 bigha had been drained out, leaving a cesspool that appears like an oasis in a desert.Centre for Environment &amp; Development (ENDEV) director A K Ghosh, who prepared the report at the behest of the then municipal commissioner Debasis Som, clearly recollected that the waterbody was used for pisciculture. \"The waterbody concerned was a listed wetland called the Collector Bheri. It was one of the larger waterbodies spread over east Kolkata. We recorded that it was being used for pisciculture and noted a reed bed that is an important biological character for attracting birds,\" said Ghosh, referring to the first volume of the report that contained details of wetlands in Ward No. 101 to 125.The report on status of wetlands in KMC wards 101-141 was commissioned in 2002. Work on the first 25 wards was over by late 2003 and handed over to the commissioner in December that year. In May 2005, the second volume of the report was handed over to the commissioner by ENDEV. The organization had been asked to conduct to study following the successful submission of the status report on Kolkata's parks and gardens that was submitted to commissioner Asim Barman in November 2001.During the study on wetlands in KMC's added areas, several unlisted wetlands were indentified. But surprisingly, 431 of the 1,430 listed wetlands had disappeared. Following the study, several unlisted wetlands were found and recorded. \"If a status report was done afresh, I won't be surprised to find that twice the number of wetlands have disappeared in the past eight years,\" he said.The study had identified 626 waterbodies of which 67 were less than 500 square metre; 233 measured 501 sq m to 1,000 sq m; 272 between 1,001 m and 5,000 sq m; and 49 in excess of 5,000 sq m. The team identified 38 wetlands in Chowbagha alone. Half of them have since disappeared.\"When the report was submitted, the municipal commissioner as well as other senior officials had assured that the dossier would be of great help when disputes cropped up in court. Yet, the document was never published, nor was the study used to challenge encroachment,\" Ghosh rued.He has begun a signature drive to whip up support against encroachment of wetlands with particular reference to the blatant conversion at Collector Bheri that TOI reported on Thursday. \"The signatures are a buildup to an appeal to chief minister Mamata Banerjee , urging her to step in decisively and save the rampant destruction of wetlands,\" Ghosh said. Condemnation on the lack of administrative action despite stop-work notice and FIR by East Kolkata Wetlands Management Authority (custodians of wetlands) has been swift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11321081", "title": "Playing it by ear", "text": "MUMBAI: The second half of the final month of the second year of the second decade of this as yet newish millennium has been full of developments for Indian theatre. At the one end is the death of teacher, agent provocateur, theatre director and playwright Satyadev Dubey and the BMC squad pulling down Rabindranath Tagore's posters because they mistook the polymath for Santa Claus.The squad, responsible for the removal of illegal hoardings and banners from the city, removed the posters on the pretext that Christmas was over and they were illegal. These infelicitous developments were offset by the announcement of the third edition of Rage's Writer's Bloc festival and a minimalist and exciting new production of Girish Karnad's Hayavadana, 1971, co-directed by Arghya Lahiri and Pushan Kripalani.Bookended by such lows and highs we undertake one of those hazardous recces wherein we intend to sweep across a vast terrain in search of few standout features/ answers. The press note circulated by Writer's Bloc doomily announces, \"Playwriting has always been in danger of becoming extinct, with the lucre and lustre of cinema and television tempting the young writer.\" Aha, so not much has changed vis-a-vis playwriting in Mumbai.In 2002, Rage Theatre- set up by Rahul da Cunha, Shernaz Patel and Rajit Kapur- inaugurated Writer's Bloc, a workshop which puts the script at the front and centre. The process involves inviting playwrights from across India to send in manuscripts, which are vetted by Rage's partners, The Royal Court Theatre, London. Selected playwrights are put through intensive training workshops and the scripts that emerge are then staged at Writer's Bloc.Most festivals aim for an annual showing. This hasn't been the case with Writer's Bloc-while the first edition occurred in 2004, the second was convened in 2007. \"There are two reasons for this. Dearth of funding is, of course, one reason. But more importantly, the process is a long one. It takes well over a year and a half to complete the four stages-from the selection of candidates to the workshops to the writing of drafts to the final production. If we had more funds, the process would be easier,\" explains da Cunha, a well-known name in both advertising and theatre.If lack of funding is one of the biggest deterrents to the local theatre scene, then the absence of dedicated audiences can only impede the plot's growth. \"I think experimentation across all art forms suffers due to the lack of patronage and large audiences. So a vicious circle begins, where even the most avant-garde directors tend to gradually compromise on the work to make it palatable for audiences weaned on 'popular entertainment'. I feel there was much more experimentation in the '70s than today,\" adds da Cunha.While film and television continue to play tease, and playwrights can't survive by theatre alone, each year the calibre of playwriting continues to get better. This in part might have to do with more opportunities. Akash Mohimen-one of the participant playwrights at Writer's Bloc whose play Mahua (Hindi) is being directed by Rajit Kapur, first wrote the children's play The Mighty Mirembayanna and The Prisoners of Peace, 2010, for 'Dramabaazi', Thespo's youth theatre initiative.Quasar Thakore of Q Theatre Productions and Thespo elaborates, \"At the time of The Mighty Mirembayanna Akash had not considered a future in playwriting but this first experience proved memorable and now he's part of Writer's Bloc. At Thespo, these past 4-5 years have seen a qualitative change for the better. In the last three years, two, four and three original scripts made it to the final festival. With our coming of age as a people, we're also more inclined to telling our own stories.\"Perhaps India's flourishing publishing industry too could play a role in popularising original Indian playwriting. While most theatregoers have had the opportunity to witness at least one staging of Karnad's Hayavadana, a perennial favourite with theatre companies and directors across the country, the play's popularity has undoubtedly been helped by the fact it has also been published by Oxford University Press .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11321974", "title": "City sees \u2018warm\u2019 New Year\u2019s eve for third time in a row", "text": "LUCKNOW: After unusually low day temperatures during mid-December, the weather turned warm in the city on the New Year's Eve. However, the start of the year could be 'wet' with weatherman predicting cloudy conditions with possibility of light rains or thundershowers on Sunday.The minimum temperature shot up on Saturday - 10 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal. The maximum was 24 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal. The temperatures are likely to be same on Sunday. The skies are expected to be clear by Monday or Tuesday. Thereafter, the state Met department has predicted that the minimum temperatures will drop and the moisture left by the cloudy weather and rains would convert it into fog, which in turn may also result in drop in the day temperatures.The New Year's Eve has been 'warm' in Lucknow for past three consecutive years due to cloudy weather. While on December 31, 2010, the minimum temperature was 14.3 degrees Celsius, in 2009 it was 10.3 degrees Celsius and 7.6 degrees Celsius in 2008. On December 31, 2007, city had recorded minimum temperature of 5.4 degrees Celsius, 5.6 degrees Celsius in 2006 and 8.8 degrees Celsius in 2005.State Met director JP Gupta said the change in weather has been caused by a low pressure area over west UP due to temperature variation in past few days. The low pressure area has sucked in some moisture which has resulted in cloudy skies. \"Some areas in west UP would witness light rains or thundershowers from Saturday night to Sunday. Similar weather is likely to prevail in east UP on Sunday.The weather is expected to be normal by Monday or Tuesday,\" he added. Thereafter, he said, we expect fall in normal temperatures, both during the day and the night.'Warm' weather conditions were also reported from the other parts of the state on Saturday. While minimum temperature in Bareilly was10.7 degrees Celsius, Jhansi recorded 9.3 degrees Celsius, Varanasi 11 degrees Celsius, Gorakhpur 8 degrees Celsius, Bahraich 11.3 degrees Celsius and Allahabad 10.6 degrees Celsius.However, some districts in central UP and in the west recorded low night temperatures. Najibabad recorded 4 degrees Celsius, Kanpur 5.5 degrees Celsius, Agra 5.2 degrees Celsius, Sultanpur 6.6 degrees Celsius and Rae Bareli 6.4 degrees Celsius.Maximum temperatures were by and large 1-2 degrees above normal in most parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11322261", "title": "EC lodges FIRs against 15 for election code violation", "text": "VARANASI: After the special drive to remove hoardings, banners and posters of political parties and politicians from roadsides, the election officials have started tightening noose around those politicians who have still not removed their posters and banners from electricity polls and public places.By Friday night, the election officials had lodged FIRs against 15 persons including some MLAs and assembly area incharges of Bahujan Samaj Party for violation of model code of conduct. It's worth mentioning here that with the issuance of notification for assembly elections by the Election Commission , district election officer Ravindra had ordered for strict compliance to model code of conduct.It was followed by launching of a massive drive to remove hoardings, posters and banners of political parties and candidates. The district election officer also constituted flying squads, statistic surveillance and monitoring teams. During this special drive which started from December 25, these teams removed hoardings, posters and banners for three days.After it, action like initiating legal proceedings against those who failed to remove their hoardings and posters from electricity polls and public places was started. Model code of conduct incharge and ADM (civil supplies) Sarvagya Ram Mishra said the action is being initiated in all assembly constituencies.On Thursday, the election officials lodged FIRs against Sujit Singh Tika of Bharatiya Janata Party with Cantonment police for violation of model code of conduct (MCC) in City North assembly area, Neel Ratan Patel with Adampur police for violation of MCC in Sevapuri assembly area. An FIR was also lodged against Samajwadi Party MLA Surendra Patel with Kapsethi police for MCC violation in Sevapuri assembly constituency.Congress candidate from Cantonment assembly seat Anil Srivastava, Anil Patel of BJP (Pindra), assembly area incharges of BSP Jai Prakash Mishra and Rajesh Dixit, and Hausla Prasad of Apna Dal were also booked in similar cases. Again on Friday, the election officials lodged an FIR for MCC violation against Anil Srivastava, Rabia Kalam (Congress candidate from City North assembly area) and Sujit Tika. The FIRs for violation of MCC were registered against BJP MLA Jyotsana Srivastava with Bhelupur police, Congress candidate from City South Daya Shankar Mishra Dayalu with Adampur police, Ashfaq Ahmed Dabloo of SP with Cantt police and Atahar Jamal Lari of Ekta Dal with Adampur police station. The officials said that the drive would continue in order to ensure proper promulgation of MCC.Action Being Initiated In All Assembly ConstituenciesThe FIRs for violation of MCC were registered against BJP MLA Jyotsana Srivastava with Bhelupur police, Congress candidate from City South Daya Shankar Mishra Dayalu with Adampur police, Ashfaq Ahmed Dabloo of SP with Cantt police and Atahar Jamal Lari of Ekta Dal with Adampur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11323054", "title": "I was born a woman, I was never a girl", "text": "Q. What do you feel when people say you are redefining the importance of heroines in Bollywood?I am extremely humbled by the success of No One Killed Jessica and The Dirty Picture. There was apprehension that women-oriented films don't do well in Bollywood.Q. Do you think a heroine can now be the hero of a Hindi film?Filmmaking is a team effort. My performance in isolation would not do anything for the film. The film fraternity spends a lot of energy and time in marketing and promoting films. I spent 70% of the effort I put in playing the character in promoting the film.Q. Are you a star now?I came here to be an actor so that I could live different people's lives on screen. I am living that dream to the fullest. And I like to think I have enjoyed stardom from the beginning of my career. The proportion has certainly changed now. The most gratifying thing for me is both producers and directors are saying, 'Abhi hum women-oriented films mein invest karne se darenge nahin.' There are people who are saying they are writing scripts with me in mind. Industry people ask me how much I am going to charge now and if I will 'take territory' and all that jargon.Q. What are you doing in 2012?I have not signed a single film. I will take a break, come back fresh and start narration sessions and meetings.Q. Your weight has been discussed a lot.I have always said that I celebrate my curves. I gained weight during Kismat Konnection and that time I did get a lot of criticism for my looks. I always had a heavyset figure. I enjoy it. There are so many women who are telling me that we love our curves now, so that is heartening.Q. Did the criticism after 'Kismat Konnection' affect you?I was so upset that I stopped reading papers. I was self-assured when I came into the industry with Parineeta. I then went through a phase of trying to fit in, but was criticized for it. I felt victimized and developed a persecution complex. But my family and friends brought perspective back to me. (Filmmaker) R Balki told me, `You are one of a kind... Celebrate it... ' I was born a woman, I was never a girl. I was trying to be a girl in Kismet Konnection. No wonder it failed.Q. Naseeruddin Shah says that after Madhuri Dixit , he has become your fan.When someone like Naseer Saab says this, you deserve to have a bloated head. He gave me a lovely piece of advice: the biggest undoing of an actor is when he starts to think how big he has become. I hope to have a hat-trick with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320790", "title": "LPG stamp must for ration-card holders", "text": "PUNE: The district administration has asked ration-card holders to approach the office of tehsildars and zonal heads to stamp their cards against the LPG connections they hold.The administration has said that stamping is a must for all ration-card holders. A ration card having two LPG connections will not get kerosene, while a ration card with one LPG connection is eligible to get up to four litres of kerosene a month.Additional district collector Ganesh Patil had issued fresh instructions pertaining to stamping of ration cards at a recent meeting. Patil said that the stamping of ration cards is necessary, as it would also help to streamline the supply of kerosene. People should do it on priority, he added.Pune city and rural parts have about nine lakh and eight lakh ration-card holders, respectively. Card holders from rural parts must approach the tehsildar offices, while those within the city limits should visit zonal offices in their respective jurisdiction, according to the district supply office (DSO).According to district supply officer Madhukar Bodke, \"Despite repeated appeals, some ration-card holders have not stamped their cards. This is leading to illegal supply of kerosene and creating unnecessary shortfall. Stamping is essential to maintain equal supply of kerosene in the district.\"Ration-card holders with an annual income of over Rs 1 lakh should hold white-coloured ration cards. \"Even though the annual income of many ration-card holders has exceeded Rs 1 lakh, they have failed to replace the existing orange card with white cards. Strict instructions are now issued to replace the cards,\" said Bodke.The officer also said that steps are being taken to introduce an on-line system to update ration-card data. An on-line system would help curb instances of duplication and issuing of ration cards in fake names. The system would also help to keep a tab on the illegal purchase and unauthorized use of cards at the ration shops.Home-delivery schemeThe scheme for home-delivery of food items under the public distribution system has so far reached more than 1,000 villages in Pune district. There are about 1,400 villages in the district, of which about 75% villages are covered so far, said a DSO official. The scheme was launched in May 2010 and citizens receive wheat and rice at their doorstep. An official said that about 10 to 15 per cent villages are added to the scheme every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11324672", "title": "Sohini Paul's birthday bash in Kolkata", "text": "Her birthday is on December 31. But in her words she can \"never have a celebration on that day\" as most of the guests would be busy partying for New Year.And, hence, after a \"long gap of eight to nine years\" Sohini Paul threw a party for friends and family. Said the birthday girl, \"Oh, I had a blast on Friday. I hope my guests too had equal fun.\" When asked what she would be doing on her birthday, Sohini said, \"I woke up a bit late after the party on Friday. My dad is a bit old school and he believes that love means feeding good food to people.So he has got me a lovely cake and a bouquet. I know for sure that I'll be showered with clothes and stuff.\" Sohini would be munching on five pieces of chocolate cup cakes baked by one of her friends. \"My friends will be coming over in the morning and I plan to go for another event in the evening,\" the birthday girl signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11323096", "title": "LRS extended by 6 months", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what would come as a New Year gift to citizens , the state government has decided to give another opportunity to owners to regularise their plots in illegal layouts under the Layout Regularisation Scheme (LRS). New LRS applications will be accepted for the next six months, that is, till June 30, 2012.However, there are a few riders. Twenty per cent surcharge would be added to the penal amount on new applications and on the balance amount for pending applications with only plots registered on or before December 31, 2007 eligible for LRS.Officials said nearly 10,000 LRS applications were pending with the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) while the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) is yet to process 12,000 applications. The two agencies had received over a lakh applications. Now, all earlier applicants who did not clear their penal amounts have an opportunity to clear their dues and complete the regularisation procedure.MA&UD; sources said that GHMC and HMDA might get about Rs 200-300 crore revenue through LRS with nearly 70% of the expected revenue likely to go to GHMC since a larger chunk of the developed area falls under its jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11322477", "title": "Siyaganj loot: 3 more held", "text": "INDORE: Two days after loot at a trader's office in Siyaganj area, the police on Saturday arrested three persons. On Friday, Dharmendra Balai, the servant of victim-trader Kailash Jaiswal, was arrested on suspicion. During the investigation, it came out that Dharmendra had hatched a plot to loot his employer with the help of four others.Police said Dharmendra had allegedly told his friend Amit, the son of Chhotelal Lakhre about movements of Agrawal. He allegedly told Amit that Kailash brings a big pile of money with him to the office in Siyaganj every Wednesday morning.The victim is into tea trading. Amit and other accomplices Sandeep, the son of Rattipal Yadav, Deepak, the son of Rajendra Singh Raghuvanshi, residents of Govindnagar and Mohan, son Prahlad Chandravat, resident of Vijaywargiya Nagar, conducted a recce and studied when Kailash would come to office. On the day of incident when Kailash was opening his office on December 29, the foursome forced their entry into the office and asked him to hand over the cash at the knife point.Once in possession of cash, the accused allegedly locked Kailash in the bathroom to prevent him from raising an alert. The accused then fled the spot. Interestingly, Dharmendra was on leave for some time.The police arrested the three accused and fourth accused, Deepak is still at large. The accused reportedly confessed to looting only Rs 44,000. The trader, Kailash claimed that the he was robbed of Rs 1.55 lakh.The investigation was carried out under the direction of SSP A Sai Manohar. ASP Maheshchandra Jain, CSP Rajesh Raghuvanshi and the Kotwali police station in-charge Atiq Ahmed carried out the operation. The cops are searching for Deepak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11321019", "title": "Anti-drunken drive pushes youth into ganja grip", "text": "HYDERABAD: City youngsters have found a foolproof method of clearing drunken driving checks. With traffic cops trying their best to curb drunken driving menace in the city, high spirited youngsters have found a way to escape the police dragnet by moving onto \"stuff\" that the police can't detect. Ganja has of late become the favourite of those who want to get high and still escape the alcohol test conducted by the cops. The alcohol checking meters used by traffic police cannot detect the intake levels of the banned substance.Cops stationed on roads share how drivers who look inebriated often pass the alcohol test. \"We had recently come across a biker who looked high and intoxicated. But we were surprised when he cleared the alcohol test and had to let him free,\" said a traffic official attached to the Banjara Hills traffic police station.There is no dearth of this weed as November and December are the harvest season for ganja. Mainly grown in Warangal, Medak and Visakapatnam districts, it is abundantly found in many pockets of the city. Following a recent seizure of 180 kg ganja, excise officials are also keeping a close tab on it.C V Anand, additional commissioner of police, traffic said that this was one area which is difficult to address. \"There is no scope for us to check drivers who are high on banned substances. We can very little in this area as asking people to take the dope test may be a little too much. But If found specific information, we may ask law and order police to deal with it,\" he saidA V V Satyanarayana Murthy, additional commissioner, excise (enforcements) said they have been keeping a close vigil on any ganja movement in the city and would take immediate action on any tip-offs or information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322534", "title": "Blood on bourses, streets on simmer", "text": "It was prophesied in ancient Egypt that seven years of plenty would be followed by seven years of famine. While there have been ups and downs, post-war Europe has for the most part experienced increasing prosperity - until abruptly halted by the 2008 meltdown in the global economy.This week, the BBC polled 34 leading European economists. Of the 27 who responded, 25 forecast a return of recession in the continent in 2012. One-fifth said the eurozone would not exist in its current form, while a majority put the possibility of a eurozone break-up at 30-40 %. In other words, there's more pain in the offing.Since it was primarily a banking crisis that triggered the disaster, Britain with its free market financial system akin to the US appeared to be most affected by the bloodbath. Nevertheless, after embarking on drastically reducing public debt in the past 18 months and staying at arm's length from the euro currency , the UK has retained its gilt-lined AAA credit rating and is perceived to be among the countries least likely to default on its sovereign liabilities.Yet the picture is bleak.While trade with India expanded by 20%, the British economy barely grew in 2011; unemployment rocketed to record levels and a combination of below-than-anticipated tax returns and a higherthan-estimated dole burden could impact on the pace of deficit reduction. The crisis has been compounded by the calamity of arrears in Portugal, Ireland , Italy, Greece and Spain (PIIGS ). Indeed, not even banks in Germany and France - Europe's two biggest economies - are immune from a run on them because of their exposures in PIIGS.Needless to say, a collapse of the euro would be catastrophic. A recession in Europe would then be unavoidable, with a cascading slowdown elsewhere. In 2011, the economic deceleration in the European Union resulted in a diminution or stagnation in trade within.However, notwithstanding doomsday predictions , it is hard to believe Berlin will permit a collapse of the euro without stiff resistance. It has already pushed through a fiscal discipline plan, which all 27 EU member countries except Britain have, subject to ratification by some, agreed to. The European Central Bank , again encouraged by Germany, has approved soft loans to the tune of nearly 500 billion euros to the beleaguered European economies.Such moves were preceded, for the first time, by credible austerity measures being introduced by Greece and Italy. Therefore, a more likely worst-case scenario could be cutting adrift the feebler European economies to preserve and stabilize the euro rather than abandoning the currency altogether.The distinct disparities between the stronger and weaker European economies were always a danger for the euro. At the same time, Greece's deceit regarding reforms undertaken by it, and Italy's profligacy under its incorrigible prime minister Silvio Berlusconi have contributed to the instability.Job losses post-2008 and the younger generation's poor prospects have catalysed widespread discontent across Europe. Demonstrations , strikes and the Occupy movement have mushroomed against the capitalist classes, especially greedy bankers and executives who persist in splurging undeserved salaries and bonuses. In London , the Occupy movement has positioned itself in the heart of the British capital's financial district.Anti-capitalist agitations have been conspicuous for over a decade at conclaves ranging from G7 to G20. Since the market crash of 2008, recriminations have unsurprisingly spread. Throughout Europe people have marched in fury at their governments demanding a tightening of belts. While the riots on the streets of England in August had other contributory causes, deprivation was a major underlying reason.Public protests are synonymous with alternative politics in a democracy; noticeably so in the laboratory of liberty - Europe. The eurozone is, as US president Barack Obama put it, \"scaring the world\" . It is unarguably petrifying Europe. The protests, then, might just grow fiercer in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hampi/bellary", "code": "11321797", "title": "Hampi no more lures foreign tourists", "text": "HAMPI/BELLARY: Hampi, known to be a party hotspot during Christmas and New Year season, is slowly losing its sheen. Tourists from various European and Scandinavian countries used to throng Hampi with the advent of Christmas and partying would reach a zenith on the New Year 's eve.But of late, the Archeological Survey of India has laid down strict rules barring any such activity in the protected area. With a strict implementation of this, Hampi is losing its notoriety for 'drugs and drinks unlimited'.A favourite among foreign students is the Viroopapura Gudda, which, with its makeshift arrangements and resorts makes sure to house only foreigners and not allow Indian tourists on Christmas and New Year eve. It is also notorious for rave parties. But the spot is rather dull this year, thanks to the strict vigil by Koppal police, who have taken measures to prevent such activities.\"Inflow of tourists, especially foreigners on Christmas and New Year eve has considerably reduced in the last three years. All bars have to close at 10pm. There is strict police vigilance, enforcing the deadline. Tourists are free to celebrate and make merry on the New Year's eve. There is no stopping them. However, use of drugs and other such iniquitous activities will not be allowed at any cost,\" said Vitthal, AD, tourism department, Hospet.Bellary SP Chandragupta said they have taken all necessary precautions and all the police stations across the district will keep a vigil on tourists round the clock. \"Gone are the days when Hampi was a den of nefarious activities. We see this as a welcome sign and not as a loss preposition,' said Vitthal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11321472", "title": "Matrilineal Meghalaya slams Andhra cop remark", "text": "SHILLONG: There is outrage in matrilineal Meghalaya over a sexist comment made by Andhra Pradesh police chief V Dinesh Reddy that it was the dress a woman wears which determines how safe they are.\"We are surprised over the statement of Andhra director general of police, who mentioned that women are the main cause of rape because of the way they dress,\" a statement issued by the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) here said.\"What about minors? Three-year-olds and 5-year-olds, what about them?\" the CSWO asked in an apparent reference to rampant rapes of minor girls. Agnes Kharshiing of CSWO said, \"He (Andhra DGP) is covering up for the laziness of cops entrusted with investigation and their connivance with the perpetrators to make money.\"She added, \"Most rape cases do not get convictions due to faulty investigation. There are cases where even medical reports are tampered with to help the accused.\" The CSWO said the statement of Andhra DGP only shows that his force is against women and with the perpetrators.\"We expect the National Commission for Women to take note of this statement, which encourages rape,\" the CSWO added. Andhra Pradesh DGP V Dinesh Reddy on Friday said one of the factors responsible was modern women's preference for fashionable dresses like salwar kameezes.\"Rapes and murders are not strictly under the control of police. People are turning out to be more fashionable nowadays. Even in villages, they are wearing salwar kameezes. All these lead to provocations and this cannot be under the control of police,\" the DGP said evoking strong condemnation throughout the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11326965", "title": "Steps to prevent fire on running trains", "text": "PATNA: Stung by the recent incident of fire in Howrah-Doon Express under the Dhanbad division of East Central Railway (ECR), the Railway Board has reviewed fire safety measures on running trains across the country and issued directives to all the zones to install firefighting or fire detection mechanism in all premier trains to ensure safety to passengers.According to a board official, railways has taken a decision to install highly-sophisticated VESDA fire and smoke detection system in each mail and express train, including Rajdhani Express, to ensure safety to passengers. On a trial basis, the railways has installed this system in the New Delhi-Bhubaneswar Rajdhani Express, he said. VESDA system is the most sensitive system capable of detecting smoke particles in the initial stage of sudden fire in any of the bogies of the running train. \"Railways has introduced it as a pilot project and much will depend on its successful trial,\" he said.An ECR official said railways is keen to introduce it in most long-distance mail and express trains in every zone. \"VESDA is so sensitive that it can sense carbon monoxide easily once a fire breaks out inside a bogie. Railways has already installed fire-retardant cables and a multi-tier electrical protection system in most of the railway bogies to prevent sudden fire caused due to electrical snags,\" he said.Railways has also installed fire barrier and thermic lock in vestibule doors of Linke Holfmann Busch (LHB) coaches, currently being used in Rajdhani Express and Shatabdi Express, with an aim to preventing or checking spread of fire, sources said.According to sources, railways intends to install VESDA system in all premier trains, including Rajdhani Express. Depending on its result, railways would introduce it in all other mail and express trains, particularly in AC bogies, adding railways would keep a tab on its performance for about six months from now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur/ hazaribag", "code": "11322363", "title": "Tight security at picnic spots across Jharkhand", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR/ HAZARIBAG: In the wake of New Year celebrations, the district police have made tight security arrangements to ensure safe and secure parties and picnics for revellers at popular hangouts and tourist spots in the district.In this connection, the police have deployed adequate security personnel, including women police in plainclothes, at all important joints and picnic spots to keep an eye on miscreants and trouble makers. About 50 odd policemen will be deployed at parks and near the Dimna Lake.In addition to this, the police will carry out helmet checking drives at important junctions throughout the day to ensure disciplined driving during the celebration.\"The idea precisely is to keep a check on rash driving and prevent miscreants from creating trouble on the street and near parks,\" said Akhilesh Jha, senior police superintendent.The police will also act tough with people drivingin an inebriated state or using false stickers of police and press.The district women's cell personnel, along with the local police, will carry out mobile duty to nab eve-teasers. \"During this season, eve-teasing cases go up. The district women's cell has planned to work in tandem with respective local police stations to prevent incidents of eve-teasing at picnic spots,\" said a district women's cell official.Every year, from the mid of December to the end January, tourists from different parts of the state and also neighbouring Bengal come for picnic at Dalma hills, Dimna Lake, Burudih Dam, Galudih resort, Narwa, Jubilee Park and Hudco Lake.The Jubilee Park, Zoological Park, Bheti Park and Sir Dorabji Park also draw a large number of people.In Hazaribag, similar arrangements have been made by the police to ensure safety to picnic parties. \"We have deployed an adequate number of police personnel at important places and along the highways to ensure safe movement of people and check unwanted incidents,\" said Hazaribag SP, Pankaj Kamboj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11321221", "title": "Indian Science Congress invites college professor", "text": "PATNA: Associate professor of chemistry, A N College, Patna, Dr K K Singh has been invited at the symposium on 'Recent Trends in Management and Conservation of Natural Resources' to be organized by 99th Indian Science Congress at KIIT, Bhubaneswar on January 3. Singh will deliver lecture on 'Fluorosis endemicity in some areas of Bihar: Concern and mitigation measures.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322614", "title": "Nuke anxiety near the sea", "text": "After the anti-Hindi agitation of the 1960s, no other protest, peaceful or otherwise, has probably sparked as much fervor in Tamil Nadu as the Kudankulam agitation. The issue got a trigger after questions were raised about nuclear safety following the March explosions at the Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan.Many believe that the Japanese disaster was the ideal leverage that anti-nuke activists, along with the powerful Catholic Church - wielding immense clout among the largely Christian fishing community - needed to whip up hysteria. The protests which began in August in Kudankulam and Idunthakkarai, small hamlets on the state's picturesque southern sea coast, soon spread to neighbouring districts and even reached Chennai.Anti-nuclear activists entered the windmill-dotted terrain to lead an agitation that was driven by concerns about livelihood, waste disposal as well as potential accident and radioactive fallout.Initially, the AIADMK government advocated the project keeping in mind the serious power shortage in the state. But, sensing the mood of the people, chief minister J Jayalalithaa did a dramatic turnaround, joining the chorus of protests and demanding that the Centre first allay the fears of the people. What began as a small protest group under a fading shamiana in front of a local church in Idunthakkarai, a stone's throw from the upcoming plant site, gained strength. Fishermen refused to put out to sea, traders downed shops for days and housewives and even tiny tots arrived in hordes to shout slogans against the nuclear project.Today, the protests continue, sustained by relay fasts and the people's determination to keep the issue burning. Letter to JapanIn a letter to Japanese PM Yoshihiko Noda, Kudankulam's senior citizens have appealed against revival of civil nuclear cooperation talks with India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "solapur", "code": "11327679", "title": "Dr Kotnis's memorial dedicated to nation", "text": "SOLAPUR: A memorial of Dwarkanath Shantaram Kotnis, the Indian doctor who became famous for his selfless work in China during the Sino-Japan war, was dedicated to the nation here today.Born in Solapur, Kotnis was a part of the team of five Indian physicians sent to China to provide medical assistance during the second Sino-Japanese War in 1938. He passed away in China in 1942.The memorial, at his old residence here, has been built by Solapur Municipal Corporation.Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and Union Power Minister Sushilkumar Shinde were present at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11321159", "title": "Boy steals racing bike to impress girlfriend", "text": "NAGPUR: A second-year student of Bachelor of Commerce and Computer application (BCCA) has been arrested for allegedly stealing a new racing bike worth Rs1.25 lakhs apparently to impress his girlfriend. Sadar patrolling police nabbed Abhishek Sahoo, 22-year-old on Saturday morning from Sadar. Cops are still searching for two others, who were involved in the crime with Sahoo.The bike was missing since Monday night. For four days, Sahoo and his friends alternatively took their girlfriends on ride while at night time, they kept it at the multiplex parking at Sitabuldi. \"They would return home on their bikes and again the next morning it was the same routine,\" said head constable Ramkaran Pande.Police said, the bike was stolen from Poonam chambers when the bike owner, Asif Ali forgot to remove the keys from the bike. \"Ali left the key on bike and went with his friend in a car. The next morning when he came back, he found the bike missing from the parking area,\" said Pande. Ali had bought the bike just a fortnight ago.Son of a bank manager, Sahoo admitted to the cops that his girlfriend was fascinated by such racing bikes and hence took the opportunity when he found keys of the bike on it. Sahoo had even replaced the temporary number plate with a bogus one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11321764", "title": "Kidney racket gang may have over 2 dozen members", "text": "LUCKNOW: While the number of victims whose kidneys were transplanted in exchange of money have been rising, the investigators have a hint that the number of miscreants, who are members of the gang, could also go beyond two-dozen.Sources said that one of the gang members, who is still out of the police net, is supposed to be a legal luminary. It is in this regard that the police have applied for the remand of the four accused including their kingpin Harishankar Maurya, a resident of Brindawan Yojna in PGI area.The other members of the gang were identified as Dilip Nigam, a resident of Malihabad; Vinod Dubey and Harish Prajapati, both residents of Telibagh. The police had arrested the four on December 25 and busted the kidney trade racket.Initially, as per the miscreants' claim, the number of people whose kidneys were transplanted in exchange of money, was believed to be only 7. However, the police search resulted in around 20 victims coming up with the same information that their kidneys were transplanted through the same gang.During the investigation, now the police have got some information that the number of people involved in the gang is also approximately to touch two-dozen marks with Maurya as their kingpin. The police sources also said that two members of the gang are also supposed to be from Nepal.Though the officials, when contacted by TOI, refused to confirm the number as well as about Nepal residence of two members of the gang, they said that efforts are being made to take the remand of the accused and know about the functioning of the gang.A senior official, preferring anonymity, did confirm the involvement of a legal luminary in the racket. He said that once the court opens on January 2, efforts would be made to pursue the remand application.DIG D K Thakur also said that once the police are able to get the remand of accused, a team of officials would be sent to Chandigarh to ascertain the nexus of the hospital staff with the gang members, if any.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11322163", "title": "K J Thomas to continue as CPM dist committee secretary", "text": "KOTTAYAM: K J Thomas will continue as the secretary of the CPM district committee. The decision was taken at the party's district meet held at Erattupettah on Saturday.A 35-member district committee was also selected. Five new faces were added to the committee. P Shanavas (Kanjirappally), V Jayaprakash (Ettumanoor), Prof R Narendranath (Vazhoor), Thankappan P M (Kaduthuruthy) and Rema Mohan (Poonjar) are the new entrants. The new members were elected unanimously.Four members who made their way out from the committee are V R Bhaskaran who is a state committee member, Kanam Ramakrishnan Nair (Vazhoor), E T Chellappan (Ettumanoor ) and E J Samuel (Changanassery).The fifth seat is vacant following the death of K P Sugunan who was the district secretariat member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11322178", "title": "PSKs, a boon for passport-seekers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For a state that forwards the maximum number of passport applications in the country, the new Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) that has come up in city will be a boon.With these centres, getting a passport will now not take more than 72 hours. This turnaround time is from the moment of police verification to the issuance of the passport, said Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi, chief passport officer, MEA. \"Kerala also has the most number of appeal cases against refusal of passports, and therefore the state deserves the most number of Passport Seva Kendras,\" said Pardeshi while conducting a walk-through of the PSK at Carmel Towers, Vazhuthacaud. The three new PSKs in Thiruvananthapuram, Neyyattinkara and Kollam will start receiving passport applications from next week onwards. The Thiruvananthapuram PSK has 14 biometric counters and can seat up to 145 people.These centres have been set up on a public-private partnership (PPP) basis with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) as its service provider. The project has been designed as a citizen-centric and paperless service. All one needs to do is upload a passport application on www.passportindia.gov.in and confirm an appointment online. After which the support staff from TCS will guide the applicant through the biometric process. Walk-in applicants will be greeted by a floor manager who will help the applicants upload applications through a kiosk at the PSK. \"The amenities and services at the PSK are in keeping with any modern bank or airport.The implementation of the project has reached its halfway mark and will conclude by March 2012,\" said TCS vice-president Tanmoy Chakrabarty. The existing passport office will be responsible for liaison with the MEA, dispatching, printing, answering RTIs, and management of the PSKs. First time applicants no longer need to go the existing passport office at Kaithamukku.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11329369", "title": "Move over DJ nights, poker's flavour this New Year eve", "text": "VADODARA: Poker was the flavour of the night on December 31. While the young danced away the night, businessmen and professionals played poker with their friends.The card game has been catching up with the young over the last couple of years. So much so that now the city has at least a dozen Poker Clubs. According to an estimate, Rs one crore changed hands on Saturday night through gambling in poker, which is illegal.\"The card game has become a favourite leisure activity for people like us. All we need is some harmless entertainment and poker is the best option. It not only engages the mind but also keeps up excitement levels,\" said a city-based businessman who played poker with his friends at a farmhouse on Saturday night.\"Of course, betting is also a part of the game. Sometimes big money changes hands and hence trust is an important factor,'' the businessman added.\"Instead of dancing to deafening music or moving around on congested roads, we preferred to play poker at my place. Some won money, some lost it. But what is wrong in it if we don't harm anyone. It is just a game,\" said a realtor.\"Usually, every table has about eight to 10 persons who bet anything from Rs 5,000 to Rs one lakh. Sometimes we play casually without betting money,\" he added.A member of one such poker club said that for celebrating the first day of New Year, the card game was played on Sunday night too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11322414", "title": "Flying away to Kolkata", "text": "KANPUR: The air connectivity from the city improved a bit in 2011. It was on May 24, 2011 that Kanpur got air connectivity with Kolkata. Earlier, the city people had to board Kolkata-bound flights from Lucknow's Amausi airport, but the city now has air connectivity with two cities Delhi and Kolkata.Now, in 2012, the construction of a new air terminal next to the existing building is expected to begin. This will enable more number of flights to land and take-off. It is also expected that Kanpur will get air connectivity with cities like Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Chennai and Bengaluru. At a time when the Delhi-Kanpur-Kolkata flight was launched Civil Aviation Minister, Vyalar Ravi had promised that the industrial city would be connected with other metro cities.Night Landing &amp; ILS: At a time when Kanpur is to be given air connectivity with several other destinations, the facility of night landing is also badly required. Also, the Chakeri airport is in need of an advanced category II type Instrument Landing System (ILS) for receiving flights when dense fog envelops the runway. Though category I type ILS has been operational at the airport ever since it was commissioned, but it failed to be of much help. On several occasions and even in December when dense fog had enveloped the runway at Chakeri airport, the Delhi-Kanpur flight could not land. Thus, it either remained grounded or else it was routed through Lucknow airport.It is under such circumstances, the ILS of an advanced type proves to be of a great help. Such ILS types enable the pilots to have better visibility to make the aircrafts land even when dense fog has descended upon the runway. But with category I type ILS in place at Chakeri airport, the maximum visibility that it can provide to the pilot for landing an aircraft is 1200m, beyond which an advanced ILS type is required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11321539", "title": "Coimbatore's own Father Damien", "text": "COIMBATORE: You are likely to have seen this lean, fragile-looking man with a bag on his shoulder with leprosy-affected persons and destitute people on the city streets. Meet Manimaran, a 25-year-old, whose mission in life is to serve the insulted and the humiliated.It was a small incident that Manimaran witnessed while on a bus from Coimbatore to Tirupur that changed his life. \"The bus stopped at a village for passengers. I was inside the bus and saw a poor woman (afflicted with leprosy) seeking help from people and getting roundly abused,\" Manimaran told TOI.\"Her crime was she was thirsty. People refused her water and with none to help, she dragged herself to a nearby drain. I could not take it anymore, and before she could take the filthy water in her mouth, I stopped her, cleaned her face and offered her water,\" he added. The people nearby held the opinion that she was cursed and could spread the disease.\"The woman pleaded me to take her away. I did not have money to take her then. So, I promised to return,\" said Manimaran. He did return to the place but could not find her.The experience prompted Manimaran to look at the lives of such people and the social ostracisation they face. \"Post this incident, I have been going around the temple town looking for persons with leprosy and destitute people who need help,\" he said. \"I reach out to them from where ever they call me,\" said Manimaran, who dropped out of school after class 9.Hailing from a small agrarian family in Thalayampallam village in Thiruvannamalai district he joined his brother as a worker in a textile mill in Tirupur after leaving school. \"I used to collect rejected knitwear and sell them. The money collected through the business was used to help the needy,\" he said. He spends half his salary on street people.A meeting with former President APJ Abdul Kalam in Tirupur in 2009 led him to start World People Service Centre. \"While working in Tirupur, we opened another branch in Thiruvanamalai,\" he said.The body now helps around 40 persons with leprosy by providing them with medicines, clothes, rice and other essential items. He is now on the lookout for a space in Coimbatore so that more people could be provided help. Manimaran can be reached at 99656-56274, in case you need to know more about his work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11322107", "title": "4 miscreants open fire on train, injure three", "text": "BELGAUM: Three youth were injured after four miscreants opened fire and pelted stones on the general compartment of the moving Goa Express at Londa Junction station in Khanapur taluk of Belgaum district in the wee hours of Saturday.The miscreants had earlier alighted from the compartment after they were involved in a brawl with fellow passengers. The injured youth were identified as Shahidullah Bashirahmed Desai (20), resident of Chikkodi, Mohsin Noorahmed Maniyar (21) of Vishnu Galli here and Ayan Dastagir Balekundri (19) of Azad Nagar here.All three had boarded the train at Belgaum and were headed to Goa for New Year celebrations. They have been admitted to the district general hospital here. The brawl began after the four miscreants, apparently drunk, were asleep, woken up and asked to make way for other passengers. After the foursome made menacing threats, fellow passengers warned them that they would be handed over to the police if they did not mend their ways.A few minutes after the brawl, the Vasco-Da-Gama-bound train, which had originated at Delhi Hazrat Nizamuddin, stopped at Londa at 2.45 am. The four miscreants, one of them carrying a blue bag, alighted and disappeared behind a goods train standing on the other side of the platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11321977", "title": "Milk price hike put of by a week", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government has deferred by a week its decision on the proposal from the Karnataka Milk Federation (KMF) to hike milk prices.KMF chairman G Somashekara Reddy held a meeting with chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, co-operation minister Laxman Savadi and animal husbandry minister Revu Naik Belamagi on Saturday and sought a hike of Rs 5 per litre of milk.The CM saw it as a \"bad gift\" to the citizens for the New Year and deferred a decision on the issue by a week. \"We hope to arrive at a decision in the next meeting with the CM, likely to be held on January 5 or 6,\" Reddy told reporters. The government is sympathetic to the KMF's demand, but wants it to scale down the hike from Rs 5 per litre to Rs 2 or Rs 3, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11322196", "title": "Looking forward 2012: A better place...", "text": "Technology and new civic infrastructure will make Delhi a better place to live in this year. Measures such as online challans and speedy trials will improve law and order while bringing down corruption. Services ranging from the airport to hospitals will improve. But expect to pay a little more for the comfort.EducationEducation set for a bold new course this yearThe year's first week will probably settle an important question: the entry level for formal schooling. While the minimum age for nursery admissions remains three years, Delhi High Court is likely to decide on January 6 if nursery should be the entry level for school or not. A petition filed by the NGO Social Jurist has pointed out that the current system of schools admitting children aged 3+ to nursery and then directly promoting them to KG is against Ganguly Committee's recommendations that oppose nursery's inclusion in formal schooling.The year will also see some progress on the plan of Delhi University , JNU, Jamia Millia Islamia and IITD to create a system for students to mix and match their best courses in a hybrid curriculum. Students will be allowed to attend classes in any of these four ins t i t u t i o n s under the name of a meta university. The collaboration follows the government's plan to set up a meta university under National Innovation Council. If all goes as per plan, this university may be launched by July.In all likelihood, the January 6 general body meet of JNU will bring back student politics to the university. Supreme Court on December 8 vacated the stay on JNUSU elections. The apex court had stayed elections in 2008 for violations of Lyngdoh Committee's recommendations.It will also be interesting to follow DU's new admission policy that's being worked out by a highpowered committee, which is likely to recommend re-introduction of the pre-registration process and shorten the admission window. The admissions will also be under the scanner due to the fake certificate controversy which mired the 2011-12 process.While DU, despite rolling out the semester system at the undergraduate level amidst massive opposition from the teaching community, is still fighting a legal battle on the issue, Jamia Millia Islamia is likely to have a smooth run in implementing the system from the 2012-13 academic session. Jamia has been working on the semester system and the curricula for more than two years now.HeritagePast won't be a hurdleThis year, people who own property near ASI-protected monuments in the city can expect a response to their applications for carrying out alterations and modifications. With the appellate body, National Monuments Authority, starting work, Delhi Metro can also expect a decision on the fate of its crucial Red Fort line. Delhi's nomination dossier for Wold Heritage City status will also be sent to UNESCO in 2012, marking a significant move in spreading awareness of the city's rich heritage.AirportIGI eyes 1,000 flights a dayHaving touched the 1,000 aircraft movement once in 2011, IGI Airport is gearing up to having over 1,000 flights on a daily basis in 2012. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) is in the planning stage for devising operating procedures under which IGI's three runways can be used simultaneously. The peak hourly capacity of the busiest airport in the country is now about 65 movements, which should go up to 75-80 if the plan is successfully implemented.By March 31, the airport expects to have handled passenger traffic of 34 million in the fiscal year 2011-12. To improve functioning of the three runways, a new air traffic control tower is also on the cards. Airport officials say the construction of the new tower will begin in the coming year. At a height of 102m, the tower will be taller than Qutub Minar and equivalent to a 32-floor-high building. \"The present ATC tower has limited visibility and one cannot properly see the new runway which is on the other side of terminal 3. The new tower, coming up at a cost of roughly Rs 200 crore, will provide a bird's eye view of the airport,\" said an AAI official.The new commercial area coming up near the tunnel road between Centaur Hotel and the main runway will finally start showing signs of completion. The first hotel to become operational here will be Ibis Hotel. The 456-room hotel is expected to open by early to mid 2012. More hotels in the area are likely to follow suit in the next few months.With the construction of the new ATC tower to start in 2012, the black and yellow taxi stand will have to move. The new stand, with space for 1,600 taxis and a cafeteria and restrooms, will come up next to Centaur Hotel and is meant to serve only terminal 3, airport officials said. At one point, 50 taxis can be parked outside the terminal on the arrival concourse.Modernization of the old cargo complex is also expected to be over in the coming year. A new cargo complex near the old one will also be completed in 2012.PowerSoon, pick your discom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320637", "title": "DTC driver shot at in Begumpur", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old DTC driver was shot at on Saturday. The incident took place at Begumpur in outer Delhi. The victim has been identified as Vinay.Police said the victim had left home for work in the morning when motorcycle borne assailants intercepted him near Rama Vihar.One of the accused whipped out a pistol and shot at him. The assailants fled the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11322571", "title": "Bird flu claims first casualty in China", "text": "BEIJING: The Chinese government has confirmed a 39-year-old man's death in southern China due to bird flu, which is showing signs of resurfacing after an 18-month gap.Authorities had earlier reported that two dead birds had tested positive for the H5N1 avian influenza virus and ordered killing of thousands of birds in Hong Kong .The official Xinhua news agency reported that the 39-year-old bus driver died of multiple organ failure at Shenzhen in Guangdong Province. He was admitted to a hospital last Sunday after he developed pneumonia. He tested positive for bird flu over the next few days.The victim had not travelled outside Shenzhen in the past few months. The incident had triggered panic in Shenzhen after reports that he had come in contact with nearly 120 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11321169", "title": "City eats, prays, loves to usher in 2012", "text": "CHENNAI: Question: What's common in a church, a temple, a beauty parlour and a bar? Answer: A Chennaiite eager to ring in the New Year. Chennaiites prayed, partied and made themselves pretty - not everyone in that order - to welcome 2012. And they didn't wait for the eleventh hour for that. Most of the city roads were chock-a-block from evening as people streamed out of their homes as early as 5pm.\"I may have to unwind doubly hard after the two-hour drive to the party,\" said Amar Girinath, a direct marketing executive who struggled to get from his house in Porur to a hotel on Arcot Road.Beauticians were equally stressed out trying to squeeze in appointments of regular clients on a day when everyone wanted her tresses a bit more curled, the lashes a tad longer.\"I had 11 customers till 8pm, and I had to say no to the others,\" said Reshma, a hairstylist with a popular parlour in Besant Nagar. \"Are people crazy?\" muttered a beautiful person outside a parlour on Chamiers Road. \"Why should someone get a hairdo to hit the dance floor? Obviously, she didn't get an appointment.Most of the men heading to stag parties didn't take the trouble of making themselves so presentable. \"My friends and I went on a drive to Mahabalipuram in the afternoon so that we could get back home before the roads got crowded. By evening when we were returning, the road was throbbing with party animals,\" said Vivian, a journalist.Along the scenic East Coast Road, cars lined up in front of resorts, restaurants and wherever the casuarina tufts allowed youngsters to take a swig of beer.Police didn't play spoilsport, but sternly told the revellers not to drive after they drink. Some obeyed, some didn't. \"I am only a pillion, my teetotaler friend is riding the bike,\" said a college boy who claims to be a campaigner of helmet but wouldn't wear one today. \"Not today,\" he quipped, \"it is not beer bottle-friendly.\"That wouldn't have amused the traffic cop on Mount Road near Saidapet, who pulled up three bikers for not wearing helmet. \"Enjoy your evening,\" he told them, issuing fine challans. As the traffic got worse, everyone wanted to get ahead of the car in front, but some had bigger reasons. An ambulance wound through the traffic near Madhya Kailash junction, where urchins knocked on car windows to sell big bunches of balloons.As midnight neared, thousands of devout thronged the Santhome church, Kapaleeswarar temple and many other places of worship.For some others, work was worship. At the Chennai airport, 45 air traffic controllers found time to cut a cake between guiding 150 night aircraft to safe landings and take-offs. They also wished a happy new year to the pilots who might have seen from their cockpits the fireworks Chennai displayed to usher in a year of hope and, well, hic!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11293564", "title": "Isha shakes a leg with Suriya", "text": "She wowed the audience with her graceful dance moves at the audio launch function of 7Aum Arivu. And Isha Sharvani , who's done a string of films in Bollywood including Kisna and Luck By Chance, has now danced with Suriya in his forthcoming Maatraan. A source says, \"A song, featuring Suriya, Kajal Aggarwal and Isha Sharvani, was picturised in the city recently. A lavish set worth more than a crore was erected as a backdrop for this number in a wellknown studio in Chennai. Isha flew down to the city to shoot for this song, and director K V Anand was quite impressed with her.\" Interestingly, Isha will also be seen in Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam. Looks like the girl is keenly eyeing Kollywood now!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11321161", "title": "Car overturns on Nahargarh road; five injured", "text": "JAIPUR: A fun trip to Nahargarh hills for five students from Alwar ended on woeful note when the car they were travelling in overturned on their return journey early on Saturday. Four of the students managed to get out of the car which fell into a 2,500-feet gorge with minor injuries. A girl student sustained head and finger injuries.The students identified as Rajesh Singh (21), Mahipal (22) Lokendra (20), Puja (21) and Neha (20) were returning from a picnic at the Nahargarh. When they reached the junction with Jaigarh fort, the driver lost control and the vehicle overturned, police said.Police said since the speed of the vehicle was slow and it turned turtle while taking a turn, most of the students sustained minor injuries except for Puja who got head injury and some injuries in her fingers.\"All the youngsters came out of the vehicle on their own,\" a police officer from the accident (North) police station said. One of the seriously injured girl Puja was undergoing treatment at the Sawai Man Singh Hospital.According to the police, four persons were killed in separate incidents mainly due to the dilapidated roads on the way to the fort this year.The Naharagarh-Jaigarh tiraha has proved dangerous for the visitors who were driving or returning from Nahargarh fort. Some months back, a car overturned and fell down into the 2,500 feet gorge in which a student Raja Sharma was killed while four others sustained injuries.August 2011 - A student pursuing law was killed while four others were injured when the car they were driving skidded and fell into the gorgeApril 2011 - An engineering student of Jaipur National University was killed and another injured when their bike skiddedJuly 2011 - An engineering student drowned at a pond when he along with 18 students went for a picnic at NahargarhDecember 2010 - Five students of BCA sustained injuries after their car skiddedFebruary 2010 - A 22-year-old youth drowned in a step well at Nahargarh hills", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11322240", "title": "Cops use force to disperse Cong gathering", "text": "VARANASI: The police had to use mild force to disperse a gathering of Congress supporters after they refused to go away from Jansa crossing, where they were standing to welcome the party's observer, on Saturday. According to reports, Congress observer Sandeep Bauria was scheduled to arrive on Saturday to decide party's candidate from Sevapuri assembly seat.To give him a welcome, scores of Congressmen had assembled at Jansa crossing. On getting information, the local police and election officials also reached the incident site and asked the Congressmen to leave the place as any gathering without the permission of administration was considered as violation of model code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11320712", "title": "Ram Jethmalani\u2019s daughter passes away", "text": "MUMBAI: Rani Jethmalani, Supreme Court lawyer and daughter of ex-Union law minister Ram Jethmalani , died of prolonged illness at her city home on Saturday, sources said.Rani, in her fifties, was hospitalized on December 9 following multi-organ complications and discharged a few days ago. A marka ceremony will be held at K C College auditorium on January 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "11322928", "title": "Lorry mows down 2", "text": "WARANGAL: Two persons were fatally run over by a lorry at Subedari area of Hanamkonda town in the early hours of Saturday.Jannu Sambaiah, 50, a sweeper in a private hospital, left his residence on a cycle to attend to his duties when the lorry ran over him near the DIG bungalow at Subedari.A Warangal Municipal Corporation sweeper Manda Subhadra, 40, who was sweeping the road early in the morning, was also mowed down by the lorry.The lorry, which had a Madhya Pradesh registration number, was carrying items for paper manufacturing.Kazipet DSP Ravikumar registered a case and the bodies were sent to MGM Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11323132", "title": "Planning Commission scored self-goal on BPL", "text": "Biraj Patnaik, principal advisor to the SC in the Right to Food case, says UPA-2 seems to have squandered away a chance to make India nutrition secure.Q. You are credited with a strong campaign against the Planning Commission poverty line. That too was partially driven through the media. Explain how the RTF picked up the issue and where it has reached now.The per capita per day \"poverty line\" of Rs.26 (rural) and Rs.32 (urban) \"at 2004-05 prices\" as the Planning Commission had put in, rather cutely, in their now infamous affidavit in the Supreme Court, has been a long-standing issue with the RTF Campaign. We had raised awareness about this with our core constituency of poor and marginalized people over the past five years. Every attempt at negotiating it's removal with the Government and Planning Commission failed and it was only then that the petitioners moved the Supreme Court. Frankly, I was quite surprised by the support we received from the media and the manner in which the issue managed to find resonance with the middle classes who rallied across the country against this issue. Sadly, after the joint statement issued by Jairam Ramesh and Montek Singh Ahluwalia, the Government has once again gone back on its' word and brought it back through the National Food Security Bill that has been tabled in Parliament. Since the matter is still sub-judice, is now upto the Supreme Court to issue a final decision.The real credit for the campaign against the poverty line should actually go to the Planning Commission mandarins who scored the self-goal, led from the front by their Deputy Chairperson and backed by the Prime Minister's office. The spirited and \"full monty\" defense of the poverty line put up by Montek showed that Planning Commission's willingness to remove all any persisting doubt about the fact that the emperor has no clothes. It is the strongest possible indictment of the decade of jobless and non-inclusive growth in the reform years.Even though the Planning Commission seems to have revised its view now, the PMO seems determined to persist with the Tendulkar poverty caps through the NFSA.Q. You have been part of the RTF for a while now. A brief on its metamorphosis - what is the organization like?The right to food campaign is an informal network of organizations and individuals across the country which now has membership of more than 2000 organizations including trade unions, people's movements, NGOs, community based groups, academics and intellectuals. It has a participatory, collective leadership exercised through a Steering Committee which has a number of national networks from a wide range of civil society groups. Over the years, it has become more inclusive with members of sex workers unions, people with disabilities, urban homeless and the transgender activists also joining in. It has also begun, the process over the last two years, looking at the issues of agricultural production, especially in dry land areas, nutrimillets, procurement, impact of genetically modified crops, issues and concerns of farmers.One of the key strengths of the right to food campaign is that it is not based on the notion of individual leadership but follows collective leadership processes.Different people at different points in time take the lead on issues. In that it is different from many other campaigns. The campaign also draws a lot of strength from the fact that it does not take any institutional funding but instead operates on a modest budgets raised from individuals. While this limits the ability of the campaign to conduct high voltage public events, it considerably enhances the credibility of the RTF campaign.It also draws its strength from a very committed cadre of young volunteers and students who run the Secretariat and assist the campaign across the country.Q. On the NFSA, give us its pros and cons.The NFSA is a landmark piece of legislation in that it seeks to tackle hunger substantively in the world's second fastest growing economy, which has some of the worst social indicators in the world. The biggest gains from the Bill are the maternity entitlements which will provide every pregnant and lactating mother in the country with a cash transfer of Rs 6,000, the community kitchens for the urban poor and the provisions for dealing with situation of starvation. These are programmes that are unlikely to have been undertaken on scale without this legislation. The grievance redressal system, with some changes has a lot of potential to ensure better accountability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11323093", "title": "T staff may not dance to KCR's tune", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Rashtra Samithi president K Chandrasekhar Rao's game-plan to kick-start another round of 'Sakala Janula Samme' with the active support of government employees after Sankranthi may not fructify as the feedback from the employees, mostly teachers and RTC workers has not been very encouraging .The TRS chief lured employees (contract and regular) and their leaders by assuring a month's salary as increment , salary compensation for strike period with interest, pay package on a par with central government employees' in the new state, MLA, MLC and MP tickets to employee leaders, cancellation of controversial appointments made during the recent round of APPSC recruitment and also scrap GO 177 which enforces 'no work no pay' rule.There are at least 57,000 RTC employees in the region and over one lakh teachers.Based on the information gathered by zilla and mandal committees of the political JAC, it is learnt that teachers, RTC workers and other government employees were in no mood for another round of agitation any time in the near future. Most of the employees were of the unanimous view that they could not achieve anything significant during the previous two rounds of strike, including the 42-day Sakala Janula Samme.Several employee JAC leaders on condition of anonymity said that it was for the people and politicians to take the movement forward as they were of the view that the 42-day strike forced the UPA government to sit back and think about demand for Telangana. The next level of the struggle rests with people's representatives of all political parties, they feel.\"In fact, the strike inflicted more hardship on the people of the region, mainly students, farmers and daily wage workers. No politician lost his salary or faced any problem. Frankly speaking, we are exhausted.\"We had lost more than a month's salary and our children's education. Some of those who struck work (like SCCL miners and teachers) could adjust their absence during strike period against compensatory leaves (CLs). We were not so lucky.\"Our fear is that we may end up fighting legal battles for a life-time if we lock horns with the government. We cannot be party to any more strikes as the cases booked against us are yet to be lifted and there has been no effort from TJAC to help us out on this front,\" said an employee JAC leader from Telangana who did not wish to be quoted.The Telangana political JAC leadership should find other means to take the movement forward rather than make a scapegoat out of all the 28 TJAC affiliates, who have extended their unstinted support over the past 24 months, he said.However, Telangana employees' association president and TJAC co-chairman C Vittal said the movement had reached a critical stage and employees were ready to play active role in the next phase of the agitation by resorting to programmes like work-to-rule , hunger-strike , lunch-hour demonstrations and non-cooperation movement.\"Employees need not feel insecure as the next phase of agitation involves several other programmes. These programmes and other forms of agitation will be finalized during the TJAC meeting scheduled for January first week,\" he said.Responding to queries on the future role of employees in the next phase of agitation, TJAC convenor M Swami Goud said they were always a call away to take a plunge into the next phase of agitation.\"Whenever TJAC gives us a call, we are ready for another round of strike,\" he said.Meanwhile, all JAC employee representatives have been asked to make themselves available for a crucial meeting during the first week of January in the city, where modalities would be finalised to put in place an action plan for the next phase of agitation for Telangana .KCR's goodiesA month's salary as increment to all Compensation for loss of salary during strike period with interest Pay parity among state and central government employees MLA, MLC and MP tickets to be given to employee JAC leaders whenever T state is formed Cancellation of controversial appointments made during the recent round of APPSC notifications Cancellation of GO 177 which enforces 'No Work No Pay' rule", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11321591", "title": "Flower show to start in a week", "text": "COIMBATORE: The fifth edition of the Kovai Flower Show will be held at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) from January 6-8, 2012. The show has been organized again following the overwhelming response the varsity received to previous shows.The theme of the show has been decided as 'Say it with flowers'. The entry fee will be Rs 10 for adults and Rs 5 for children. Preparations are now on in full swing for the flower show.TNAU vice-chancellor P Murugesa Bhoopathi said that the show was being held \"without any commercial intent\". The first edition of the flower show was held in 2005 to celebrate the university's centenary year. The show has been scheduled from 9am-6pm.The proceeds from the flower show will go towards the eradication of polio campaign by the Rotary. Over 200 students of the university will be involved in making arrangements.As many as 250 species of flowers, including cut and traditional ones, will be brought from Hosur, Bengaluru, Yercaud, Ooty, Kodaikanal, Kashmir and Pune. Apart from this, orchids will also be imported from Thailand . A few species will also be brought in from The Netherlands and South America. Up to 2 lakh flowers will be on display across various stalls. The TNAU is expecting 2 lakh people to attend the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320741", "title": "Three crude bombs found near temple", "text": "PUNE: The Lonavla rural police have found three crude bombs on the premises of the Ekvira Devi temple in Karla, where a dacoity attempt was foiled on early Friday morning. The police suspect the bombs were brought by dacoits, most likely a tribal gang skilled in climbing hills, to break open the front door of the temple.Inspector Mohan Jadhav, incharge of the Lonavla rural police station, said, \"Such crude bombs are generally used to kill pigs and fish, but the dacoits had planned to use it to blast the temple gate. However, they rained stones on the policemen, who opened fire in retaliation.\"The bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) of Pune police has suggested that the bombs found were capable of causing damage to human life and property.Jadhav said, \"The dacoits picked up their partner who got injured in police firing and climbed down the Karla hills, which is a difficult task. It makes us believe that a professional gang from outside Pune district was involved in the incident.\" A tribal community, having knowledge of hilly areas, may be involved since local gangs do not have the expertise to operate in such areas, said Jadhav.\"We have started checking criminals involved in robberies and dacoites on the expressway and highways at Khopoli. No arrests have been made,\" Jadhav added.The Pune rural police are co-ordinating with the neighbouring Raigad and Thane police. SP (rural) Shahaji Solunkhe has flashed wireless messages across the state. to keep a watch on any person obtaining treatment for bullet injury.BDDS inspector Madhav Shinde said the crude bombs have been kept at a safe place and they will be defused after seeking permission from the court.President of Ekvira temple trustee board Anant Waman Tare said the board has given to the police names and addresses of its three former security guards. Tare said, \"The police have beefed up bandobast at the temple by deputing three armed policemen. The board has appointed two armed guards and two employees for assisting police .\"Tare said the temple trustees, on Saturday, decided to install six CCTV cameras outside the temple and replace the old cameras in the temple with better ones. The trustees also decided to install an emergency siren and provide six walkie talkie sets to the guards,\" he said.\"We have planned to construct two chowkies -- one at the footsteps of the hill and another at the parking premises, so that the guards can block dacoits in an emergency. A gate will be constructed at the parking site for checking visitors. The decision taken by the trustees will be executed before the temple fair begin in March,\" Tare added.Inspector Nitin Gokave of the local crime branch, who is conducting parallel investigations, said that the police have launched a massive crackdown for tracing the injured dacoit and his accomplice.Meanwhile, special inspector general (Kolhapur range) Tukaram Chavan visited the injured policeman Subhash Pawar at a private hospital in Lonavla. Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackery on Friday gave financial help of Rs 1 lakh to Pawar.Ekvira is the family deity of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray.The police have booked the dacoits under sections 333 (voluntarily causing grieveous hurt to deter public servant from performing duty), 353 (obstructing public servant from performing duty), 395 (dacoity), 397 (robbery or dacoity), 307 (attempted murder) read with 511 (attempting to committ offence) of the Indian Penal Code and 4 (attempt to cause explosion) and 5 (punishment for making explosive) of the Explosives Substances Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11321038", "title": "GHMC to regulate Hussainsagar water supply", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to restrict water supply from Hussainsagar lake to various institutions after it is purified, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to study the existing supply network from the lake and the volume of water in order to control the supply downstream.For this purpose, the GHMC will appoint a consultant in three weeks to prepare a detailed project report on Hussainsagar lake water distribution network. Once the mechanism is in place, HMDA wants to charge more for the purified water from the lake. HMDA has taken up Hussainsagar lake and catchment areas development project with the assistance of the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) which is likely to be completed by March, 2012.As of now, Hussainsagar lake has three outflow networks and the water is being utilized by the various institutions, parks and industries for various purposes for the past few decades. While some of the institutions have been paying nominal charges to the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), others have been using the water free.One of the supply networks of the lake runs from Lepakshi Emporium on Tank Bund and goes via Ashok Nagar bridge, RTC crossroads, Hindi Mahavidyalaya up to Osmania University and supplies the water to 17 parks and 33 industries of Azamabad Industrial area and five private residents. The second supply line is from the canteen on Tank Bund to Liberty, Basheerbagh, Police Control Room to Public Gardens and Birla Planetarium. Another connection extends from under Telugu Thalli flyover to Koti Women's College and to Victory Play Ground at Chaderghat. Some cross-sections of network also supplies water to Khazana Dhobighat and Kukkulathummu and Budha Purnima dhobighats. It is estimated that these parks and institutions have been getting three million gallons per day (MGD) water by gravity flow and there is no controlled system to stop the supply.Now the main idea of the study and preparation of reports is to control water supply from the lake after its purification and also to maintain the lake water as there is no concrete idea or designs on the existing networks and water supply.\"The GHMC has invited Request for Proposal from the consultants to study and prepare a detailed project report which will be finalized by January 19, 2012,\" GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh told STOI.Officials said now the consultant has to check the existing distribution system, condition of the pipelines and quantity of the silt. Improvement of the existing network even after water is cleaned and quantification of the water supply through the network and also put a control mechanism in place for releasing water.\"Once the consultant is finalized, he has to give the report within 45 days,\" the engineer-in-chief said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ambala/chandigarh", "code": "11322164", "title": "Name institutes sans misleading words: Govt", "text": "AMBALA/CHANDIGARH: Acting on a circular issued by the ministry of consumer affairs and pubic distribution, the Haryana government has directed hundreds of educational institutions including schools and professional colleges to refrain from using the words \"National\", \"India\", and \"Indian\" when naming the institutions, \"as they can be misleading\". The district education officers (DEOs) have been told to submit a list of such institutions.While the DEOs are setting their records right and have started a fresh survey, the school management have objected to the directive, and have decided to challenge the move before the government.DEO of Ambala and Yamunanagar Jagjit Kaur said, \"We have begun indentifying the institutions. The directive shall be followed strictly.\" 20 schools in Yamunanagar are named using the prohibited words.Principal of Government National College in Sirsa, Suman Gulab, said, \"We have not received any orders yet. We shall abide by the decision.\"However, the non-government organizations (NGOs) have welcomed the decision. President of citizen welfare association Panchkula S K Nayyar said, \"The commercial organizations too must be banned from using these words.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320513", "title": "Scramble for nursery seats from Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new year has arrived with a challenge for parents of three-year-olds in the city. The nursery admission process for the 2012-13 session is going to start from Monday with most private recognized schools starting the sale and submission of application forms.Most schools are likely to follow the tried-and-tested point system to select children for admission in nursery and KG. However, some schools have also decided to hold a draw of lots even for the general category this time. Parents can either apply online in schools like DPS R K Puram and Bal Bharati at Ganga Ram Hospital Marg or buy forms over the counter. According to the Directorate of Education, buying the school prospectus is not compulsory.\"Going by my experience last year, I would suggest that parents reach school early to be ahead in the queue. We had reached a school around 11am on the first day last year only to see an unbelievable rush.Many parents had started lining up since seven to eight in the morning,\" said Rajeev Nath, who applied for the admission of his daughter last year. She got through a neighbourhood school as she scored points on distance and sibling as her elder sister also studied there. He added, \"It's best to keep in touch with other parents in the same boat through your child's play school. I had also drawn up a proper plan on how many schools I had to apply to and over how many days.\" Another parent Maneesh Kapoor from Vasant Kunj, who is applying for his son's admission this year has already made a plan to submit applications during next one week though the submission process will go on till January 16 in all schools.\"My wife has taken a couple of days off work to go and buy the forms from all neighbourhood schools. We will sit down together and fill up the forms. Then I plan to take leave from work to submit the forms. We plan to avail the points for neighbourhood and first born child,\" Kapoor said. He said that he was not too anxious about the process before but got into action only after he saw his other friends leaving no stone unturned for their children's admissions. Though the high court had retained 3+ as the age for admission to nursery this year and 4+ for KG, the court is likely to decide if nursery should be treated as part of the main school on January 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "tehran", "code": "11322589", "title": "Iran delays missile test, says ready for nuke talks", "text": "TEHRAN: Iran has proposed a new round of talks about its controversial nuclear program with the six world powers , the country's top nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili said on Saturday. He said he has formally called on the six powers - the US, Russia, China, Britain , France and Germany - to return to the negotiating table with Iran.Iran has also delayed promised long-range missile tests in the Gulf on Saturday.Iran's state media initially reported early on Saturday that long-range missiles had been launched during naval exercises, a move that may irk the West concerned over threats by Tehran to close off a vital oil shipping route in the Gulf.But deputy navy Commander Mahmoud Mousavi later went on the English language Press TV channel to deny the missiles had in fact been fired. \"The exercise of launching missiles will be carried out in the coming days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11325221", "title": "Memo issue: Pak judicial panel summons Pasha, Haqqani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A judicial commission set up by Pakistan's Supreme Court to investigate the memo scandal has summoned ISI chief Lt Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha and former envoy to the US Husain Haqqani to appear before it.The three-member commission, constituted by the apex court on Friday in response to a batch of petitions seeking a probe into the scandal, will start its proceedings in Islamabad tomorrow.The commission yesterday summoned the ISI chief, Haqqani, Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz and former US National Security Adviser James Jones to appear before it to record their statements, media reports said today.It could not immediately be ascertained when they had been asked to appear before the panel.District and Sessions Judge Jawwad Abbas, the Secretary of the Commission, yesterday issued notices to other respondents in the memo case, including the Attorney General, Foreign Secretary, Interior Secretary and Cabinet Secretary.Balochistan High Court Chief Justice Qazi Faez Isa is the head of the commission, which has been given four weeks by the apex court to \"ascertain the origin, authenticity and purpose\" of the secret memo that had sought the US help to stave off a possible military takeover in Pakistan after the killing of Osama bin Laden .The other members of the commission are the chief Justices of the Islamabad High Court Chief and Sindh High Court. (", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11326075", "title": "Man arrested for keeping Peahen", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Police crime branch have arrested a 35-year-old canteen operator for allegedly domesticating a peahen on Saturday.Police have identified the suspect as Sarvan Narayanji Devsai, a native of Rajasthan, who is currently residing at Mohammadwadi in Rajasthan.Acting on a tip off received by head constable Sanjay Dalvi, a Police team led by inspector Satish Govekar of anti-dacoity squad laid a trap and nabbed Devasi and rescued the peahen worth Rs 30,000.An FIR has been registered against Devasi at the Kondhwa police station under relevant sections of the Wild Life Protection Act.Govekar told TOI that Devsai during questioning said that he had kept the peahen in his custody for four to five days after it was found in a nearby jungle at Mohammadwadi.Devsai is staying at Mohammawadi since two years. He is presently running a small canteen in a tin shed catering to the needs of laborers operating in Krishnagar area. The peahen was handed over to the Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park at Katraj for taking care, Govekar added.The action against the suspect was taken under the guidance of additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde, deputy commissioner of police Sanjay Shinde (crime) and assistant commissioner of police (crime 1) Vinod Satav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11321352", "title": "City police eye a safer Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: With a promise of swifter detection, prevention and disposal of criminal cases here, the city police are hoping to give the city a new lift in 2012. Vowing to put traffic snarls in order in the coming days, the cops called for a joint effort with the traffic department and Guwahati Municipal Corporation to sort public woes.Addressing the media on Saturday, city SP Apurba Jiban Baruah said police would strengthen the crime branch here to combat criminal activities and to make the city a safer place in the coming years. \"Criminal activities in the city are more or less static in the last few years. The city recorded 61 murder cases in 2011 whereas the figure was 52 in 2010. Our main motto in New Year is to speed up the entire process of detecting and preventing a criminal case. We will also take steps to reduce investigation time and emphasize faster disposal of cases,\" said the SP.In 2011, there were 973 murder cases, 1312 rapes and 2887 cases of abduction registered in the state till September. City police also highlighted the need to implement a better traffic regulation here. \"We will pay highest attention in improving traffic menace in the city in 2012. We have deiced to take strict action against those who violate traffic laws,\" added Baruah.The traffic department has realized Rs 2 crore 57 lakh in 2011 in 1, 26, 186 cases of traffic violation. SP (City Traffic) SP Vivekananda Das said, \"The department has chalked out various schemes to make the public aware on 'road safety'. Our prime target will be students and schools. With the help of NGOs and school authorities, the traffic department wants to educate kids on traffic rules for a better future.\"Citing the rise in road accidents in the city due to reckless and drunken driving, traffic police have sent a proposal to the state government to make amendments to the state's MV Act. In 2011, the city recorded 271 deaths and 1103 injuries in a total of 909 accident cases. \"The city is witnessing a major rush of vehicles in the recent past. We want the government to take strict measures in cutting sale of vehicles in the city. We have proposed the state government to make a law so that only a person with a personal parking space would be allowed to purchase a vehicle,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320542", "title": "Government to regulate parking lots", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites must prepare for stringent parking regulations, higher parking charges and fines for violators in 2012.A committee chaired by Delhi chief secretary PK Tripathi, with all stakeholders and implementing agencies like MCD and traffic police on board, will be coordinating the various schemes and plans of different agencies to focus on regulating parking and integrating different modes of public transport to get more people to use buses and the metro. Pedestrian crossing and footpaths are another priority area.A transport review on Friday ended with the constitution of a multi-stakeholder committee led by the chief secretary to expedite plans related to parking and management of pedestrian crossings and walkways. Chief secretary PK Tripathi told TOI parking is major area of concern for the government and the focus will now be on regulating the management of parking lots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11322458", "title": "Bike lifting gang busted, six held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Kydganj police have busted a gang involved inlifting bikes and looting persons under different police stations with the arrest of six hardcore criminals from Yamuna Bank road under Kydgunj police station on Saturday afternoon. The police team recovered 3 countrymade pistols, 5 live cartridges and 12 countrymade bombs alongwith 3 mobile phones from their possession.Besides, the police team also recovered from their possession 2 motorcycles, loot money worth Rs 19,500 alongwith a bag and keys and dizapam powder.During interrogation the accused persons namely Rahul Hela, resident Karbala, Sanu alias Israr, resident Kareli, Waseem alias Bihari resident Kareli, Suraj alias Abhimanyu, resident Chakia, Jummu alias Mehtab resident Kareli, Raja Mehtar, resident Drummond road, Civil Lines confessed that they were involved in various incidents of crime including loot and snatching under different police stations.In recognition for their work, the DIG, Allahabad has announced a cash reward of Rs 10,000 for the police team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11322301", "title": "Resolutions, anyone?", "text": "RANCHI: Want to give up smoking? Want to get rid of those ugly layers of cellulite around the waste? The list of resolutions never end. Director, NRHM, Aradhna Patnaik, said she will give some time to reading and writing this year.\"I used to write short stories and poems earlier but due to work pressure I could not pursue my creative hobbies. I have taken the resolution that this year I will give some time to writing,\" she said, adding, \"I will be spending January 1 with my family at home,\" she said.CEO of Ranchi Municipal Corporation, Vinay Chaubey, will be celebrating the New Year with his family and friends and will be organizing a small party at home. He said he doesn't have any resolution this year as he is planning to stick to his last year's resolution. \"My last year's resolution was to quit smoking and I have followed it. That was one bad habit I managed quit,\" said Chaubey.R K Saha, CMD of Central Coalfields Ltd, said he will devote his time for making a better tomorrow for himself and others. \"I will motivate everyone professionally and personally so that we can all live and work together,\" he said.DGP, G S Rath, said, \"On a personal basis my New Year resolution is to be happy and keep others happy.\"He added that he would like to give the police a people-friendly face.IG, Rezi Dung Dung, wished the coming year would be happy for all, especially the poor. \"On a personal basis, I have not taken any New Year resolution but as an IG my resolution is to trace kidnapped persons and bring them back home safely. It is a major challenge for the police,\" he said.Social welfare minister, Vimla Pradhan, will be spending the New Year at her home with family. \"The government has declared 2012 as Bitiya Varsh and I have resolved to do everything possible for the welfare of the girls in the state,\" she said.Managing director, Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL), Shashi Shekhar Mohanty, is concerned about growth and development. \"Let all of us strive for a giant leap of growth. Bokaro has a huge potential for growth as an industrial cluster. People should join hands to translate this potential into a reality,\" he said.Director, Electrosteel Steel Limited (ESL), R S Singh, said, \"The leap year 2012 is a very important year for us because we are going to dedicate the Greenfield steel plant, which is the first after the formation of the state, to Jharkhand by commencing production shortly in the Chandankyari Block.\"He added, \"We wishthe New Year bringsprosperity to the state and the residents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11322974", "title": "Tragedy in New Year revelry", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In a tragedy hours before the arrival of the New Year, at least seven persons, including two women died and several others are battling for life after consuming illicit liquor in Krishna district. All the victims were poor tribals of a thanda of Poratanagar in the Mylavaram constituency.According to information reaching here, more than 50 people of the thanda consumed the illicitly distilled liquor around Saturday evening as part of the New Year celebrations. However , all of them started vomiting and complaining of stomach ache soon after. Even before the locals could realise the gravity of the situation , those who consumed the liquor fell unconscious . Some of the youths in the village rushed the victims to the government hospital at Mylavaram.Three people died on their way to the hospital while four others breathed their last at the hospital. Three others, who were in a serious condition, were shifted to the Government General Hospital (GGH) at Vijayawada . At least 10 others were admitted to the Mylavaram Hospital.Meanwhile, local legislator and district TDP president Devineni Umamaheswara Rao reached the spot and staged a dharna in front of the police station along with the dead bodies. He demanded the immediate arrest of the culprits behind the incident . He also demanded the ouster of excise and prohibition minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana for his failure to curb the distribution of illicit liquor. \"The failure of the government to punish the corrupt ministers and officials in the department had resulted in the incident,\" he fumed.The victims were identified as Banavath Pandu, 55, Banavath Kale, 45, Sukra, 38, Balu, 39, Ragya, 36, Chinnamma, 32, and Gopi, 34. Senior officials from the excise and prohibition department rushed to the village and seized the liquor stock. Meanwhile, the state government ordered a magisterial inquiry into the incident. Excise and prohibition minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana is away in Sabarimala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11321077", "title": "NSS camp concludes", "text": "LUDHIANA: The seven-day NSS camp concluded at SCD Government College on Saturday.On the occasion, various activities and projects undertaken by the volunteers at village Partap Singh Wala were explained to the dignitaries. Annual report highlighting the activities performed by the volunteers during the year 2011-12 was also presented.Principal Jasbir Kaur Makkar praised the volunteers for their selfless services. She also called upon the volunteers to avail the benefit of Right To Service Act-2011 enacted by the government. Vikramjit Singh, Lov Preet Singh and Gian Singh were awarded prizes for standing Ist, IInd and IIIrd respectively in poster-making competition.Trophies and prizes were given to volunteers after which they presented cultural items like folk and group dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11321079", "title": "Two Sena leaders expelled for anti-party activities", "text": "BHANDARA: All is not honky dory in Bhandara district unit of Shiv Sena. Difference came to fore when the district unit passed an unanimous resolution expelling two of its senior members - Bhandara ZP Vice-President Deepak Gajbhiye and former Sena district chief Naresh Dahare - for anti-party activities.Sources said that these two persons have served the party for 25 years and are ardent followers of Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray. The expulsion resolution has been sent to Sena working president Uddhav Thackeray for his approval.Reacting to the news Deepak Gajbhiye said, \"It's the handiwork of local Sena MLA Narendra Bhondekar. Bhondekar is not a Shiv Sainik to the core and he is least concerned about the party. He uses his position for his own benefit. Senior party leaders and workers who have toiled hard to shape up Sena in the district are being neglected by him.\"Gajbhiye further alleged, \"An MLA's duty is to serve the people and solve their problems but Bhondekar seldom attended the meetings of district planning development committee. In the recent winter session he neither raised the paddy growing farmers' issues nor uttered a single word about the problems of his constituency.\"Taking another dig at Bhondekar, Gajbhiye said, \"\"He (Bhondekar) boasts of establishing Sena rule in Paoni municipal council but the truth is that the architect of Sena rule in Paoni is Mohan Surkar, not Bhondekar.\"All attempts to contact Bhondekar proved futile as he refused to take this correspondent's calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11321244", "title": "Two dhobis held for ill-treating donkeys", "text": "CHENNAI: Two dhobis were arrested by the police for not providing food and shelter to donkeys in their care in Mylapore on Friday. Based on a complaint from a Blue Cross member, police rescued four donkeys and handed them over to Blue Cross in Velachery. Another donkey died last week due to the ill-treatment meted out by the dhobis.K Parthiban, 53, and his relative K Baskaran, 34, residents of PS Sivasamy Salai in Mylapore, were arrested following a complaint by Dawn William, general manager, Blue Cross of India. Police slapped a case under Section 11(1)(H)(F)(J) of Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960.Police freed four donkeys, including two foals, from the houses of the accused. The animals' feet were bound and they were fed papers and posters. Dawn William said, \"We received many complaints from our volunteers and the residents of Mylapore about the torture meted out to the animals. I personally visited the dhobis' houses and told them to free the animals and feed them well.\"But nothing changed, said William. \"Last week, one of the five donkeys suffered severe injuries in the face and died. I learnt that the animals were not given proper shelter either. They got drenched in the rain that lashed the city following cylcone Thane. Since they failed to protect the animals despite warnings, I lodged a formal complaint,\" William said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320675", "title": "MCD plans massive sealing drive in South Ex-I", "text": "NEW DELHI: MCD is planning a massive sealing drive in South Extension Part I from January 15 against the properties which couldn't be regularized during its 10-day-long special camp in December. Officials say though regularization notices were sent to 110 properties and the owners asked to submit fresh regularization plans, a majority of the properties can't be regularized due to massive unauthorized construction.\"We had asked the owners to come with all the documents. We had sealed 28 buildings in South Extension Part-I in November, so their case was taken up first for regularization. It was a unique initiative to help people get their properties regularized. But most of the owners have carried out massive illegal construction which can't be set right in a few days. Less than 30% of the 110 properties can be taken to the regularization stage. We have asked owners to submit a new building plan and corrective documents,'' said a senior MCD official.A sealing drive is likely if the buildings are not regularized by January 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11321552", "title": "She is a ray of hope for the HIV-affected", "text": "COIMBATORE: For many in the society, HIV/AIDS affliction is a stigma; but, not for Meenakshi.An HIV affected woman from Coimbatore, she has taken it her life mission to instill hope in the minds of people in similar conditions. Meenakshi, who is in her 30s, and her organization, Kovai District HIV Nalla Sangam (CD HANS), have played an important role in encouraging HIV/AIDS-affected persons to come out and form a network to fight discrimination.\"HIV affected individuals face a lot of problems. We came out with this initiative so that the affected could have a space to share their common problems,\" she says. With seven people on board, they started CD HANS as a network of HIV infected people. \"Now there are around 2000 members in our network in the district\", she says.Today, the organization conducts peer group programmes, support group activities and other joint initiatives. She says that peer group programmes help patients reconcile with the issues related to the disease. \"When everyone hears each other's story, it helps them garner a lot of emotional support,\" she explains.HIV patients are at first put through a get together that happens twice a month. Then, they meet during alternate months. \"The frequent get-togethers will help people overcome the fears and myths associated. With anti-retroviral treatment (ART), an infected person can live a normal life for more than 30 years. Most would have panicked and lost hope of living after detecting themselves to be HIV infected. They find it a new birth\", she says.Meenakshi is proud that many have found new lives through her group. \"Fortunately, we have plenty of financial assistance programmes and other initiatives. Through self-help groups of the HIV affected, many have started their own initiatives.\"Meenakshi, who had to drop her studies at 9th standard, has since completed an MA in Sociology from Anna University. \"I did this to develop my counseling skills. Assistance and consoling from our part helps patients more than the effort of a normal counselor,\" she says.CD HANS have also arranged marriages among the HIV-affected. \"This year we conducted five marriages. We do not encourage it unless the families from both sides agree to their alliance,\" she said.Aji Mary Asha, a counsellor of the government-run Integrated Counseling Testing Centre (ICTC), says the efforts of Meenakshi and her colleagues are helping the patients to speak out. \"This helps those who feel depressed after knowing the disease,\" she told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11323097", "title": "21 couples tie the knot in mass wedding", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Twenty one couples tied the knot at a mass wedding ceremony, held at Vellikulangara, in Vadakara, on Saturday. The mass wedding ceremony was organized by Vadakara NRI forum, an association of Non-resident Indians from Vadakara Parliamentary limit.Office bearers of Vadakara NRI forum identified the beneficiaries for the mass wedding ceremony by inviting application from economically backward families.Apart from conducting the wedding ceremony, the NRI Forum also presented four sovereigns of gold and Rs 5000 each to the bride and groom respectively.Pre-marital counseling was also offered to the brides and grooms by the office bearers.Couples belonging to Hindu, Muslim and Buddha religions tied knot at the ceremony.While Swami Akshayamrutha Chaithanya blessed 12 couples belonging to Hindu community, Panakkad Munavarali Shihab Thangal blessed the marriage of eight couples belonging to Muslim community. Jayan Babu and Pravitha, the Buddist couple, were blessed by a Buddhist priest Benoj Babu and four other Buddhists from Nagpur.The Vadakara NRI forum initiated the wedding ceremony as a fight against dowry system, said Sameer Cheruvannur, general secretary of the Vadakara NRI Forum.\"We gave preference to the applicants whose weddings were delayed owing to their economic backwardness,\" he added.Vadakara NRI forum identified the beneficiaries for the mass wedding ceremony by inviting application from economically backward families", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11320531", "title": "When wild horses were tamed &amp; saffron shook hands", "text": "For chief minister Digambar Kamat, who has mastered the art of political survival, the year 2011 turned out to be relatively better of as far as the stability of his government was concerned.From the time he took over the reins of the state in June 2007, Kamat has devoted a lot of time and energy to firefighting and keeping his seat intact. Till mid-2010, he saw several plots to dislodge him nipped in the bud or failing to execute at the last moment.After opposition leader Manohar Parrikar failed to unseat Kamat in July-August 2007 through a coup, because of the 'umbrella cover' the state government enjoyed with the UPA-led centre, a group of seven coalition MLAs-called G7-tried hard for over three years but failed to install a new government. Not surprisingly, Kamat, at one instance, said, \"The almighty has saved my government.\"Kamat, known for his political acumen-having mastered the art from speaker Pratapsingh Rane and IIT-politician Parrikar-has indeed had the last laugh. Using his political skills with the Congress high command, he is learnt to have got health minister Vishwajit Rane and education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate to join the Congress. Once the stables were bolted, the danger of any wild horses destabilizing the government faded.In the process Kamat created history which went unnoticed-he is the first chief minister to complete a full term since Goa attained statehood in 1987.Even former chief minister Pratapsingh didn't survive the moves of detractors. In the post-statehood period, in fact, no government in Goa completed even four years. Even the indomitable Parrikar couldn't handle the perpetrators of defections despite getting the anti-defection law changed under the NDA government at the Centre and making politicians resign their seats and face elections for switching sides.The NCP, on the other hand, has faced turmoil from the first half of 2011 itself. Following some allegations against revenue minister Jose Philip D'Souza and tourism minister Nilkanth Halarnkar, the two were asked by their high command to resign.They virtually defied the high command thanks to 12 MLAs and ministers of the Congress rallying behind them. On the initiative of Congress general secretary Vijai Sardesai, the group led by PWD minister Churchill Alemao \"threatened\" to withdraw support to the government if D'Souza and Halarnkar were dropped from the cabinet.The pressure tactics worked and the two ministers continued in office while their party colleague and former tourism minister, outgoing Benaulim MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, had to fend for himself.The first half of 2011 also witnessed a fiercely fought election for the control of the civic body of the state's capital-the Corporation of City of Panaji. Monserrate kept his word of turning the CCP polls into a semi-final match with Panaji MLA Parrikar, but three months later, abandoned the battle ground apparently after a deal was struck.Sources said that denials notwithstanding, the BJP strategist took the lead in the compromise as Monserrate has the capacity of deciding the fate of candidates for the Panaji seat. In 2007 too a deal was struck after which Monserrate supported Parrikar leading to the defeat of Dinar Tarcar.Observers say it is not a mystery why the BJP failed to file a disqualification petition against Monserrate when he joined the Congress party. In 2007, Monserrate was elected on a UGDP ticket. But it was only Vishwajit, who quit as an independent MLA together with Monserrate to embrace the Congress, who had to face a byelection.Analysts say that BJP considers Monserrate an important factor in Panaji for assembly elections. Parrikar knows that Monserrate cannot be ignored in Panaji and that if he antagonizes the Taleigao MLA, he would be tied down in the Panaji constituency just as he had to 'stay put' in Panaji for the CCP polls.No wonder the BJP has been quiet over the foreign currency smuggling case. After stalling proceedings of the Goa assembly, the saffron guns went silent against Monserrate, who was stopped by Mumbai customs for carrying currency beyond permissible limits while trying to board a flight to Dubai in March. The issue will be raised again only if Monserrate takes on Parrikar directly or by proxy in the assembly polls, analysts say.During the monsoon, the Congress saw much heat generated over the Youth Congress elections. The Alemao brothers-Churchill and Joaquim-to register their protest against the disqualification of Valanka for the president's post, went to the extent of resigning from their respective ministries only to reverse their decision a couple of days later.But the Youth Congress elections widened the differences between Churchill and his one time advisor Sardesai, as the latter fully backed the candidature of Pratima Coutinho at the cost of spoiling his relations with the Alemao clan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321379", "title": "Media executive passes away", "text": "KOLKATA: Balaram Dutta, the popular media executive of Standard Publicity Pvt Ltd and Orient Publicity passed away at 10.20pm on December 29, 2011.Dutta was well known in the advertising world. His death has created an irreplaceable void.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11321811", "title": "Congress move tactic to cut SP-BSP\u2019s Muslim base", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal has said that the \"minority quota\" within the 27% OBC category is set to increase as the figures of minority backwards relied upon by the Mandal Commission were based on the 1931 census and were entirely outdated. An increase in the population of backward minorities could result in a proportional jump in the subquota.In a major decision earlier this month, UPA subdivided 27% OBC reservation and earmarked 4.5% exclusively for minorities. It was a bold move as the subquota demand has been hanging fire and the UPA government bit the bullet. Earlier, the Centre ordered the caste census in a significant reversal of post-Independence policy, on the insistence of backward satraps.Congress has turned \"Muslim quota\" into its flagship campaign plank in Uttar Pradesh. The revelation by Jaiswal shows that Congress is banking heavily on the outreach to wean away the community from \"secular\" rivals Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party . It is a constant refrain in Rahul Gandhi's campaign speeches.The possibility of an increase in the Muslim quota barely after it was created, could push it onto the poll centrestage, with BJP keen to use the decision as a catalyst for religious polarization. Its protests against the move in the just-concluded winter session of parliament laid bare its gameplan.The initiative has caught the principal UP players, SP and BSP, unawares as stronger backwards like Yadavs, Kurmis and Jats view the subquota as eating into their quota share. The consideration has deterred Yadav chieftain Mulayam Singh from speaking in its favour, though he is unable to oppose it either for fear of rubbing Muslims the wrong way. BSP has dubbed it \"tokenism\" as it is loath to back a Congress decision ahead of polls.Congress has stepped on the gas, realizing their predicament. Rahul Gandhi , at a rally in Saharanpur, asked why Mulayam Singh and Mayawati did not make similar provision during their chief ministership, a statement aimed at provoking him into a faux pas.Congress has already announced that OBC quota would be further subdivided with exclusive share for 'most backwards'. While these moves are sure to rile stronger backwards, Congress strategists said they did not mind intra-OBC polarization since the former do not vote for the party. Observers, however, put a reality check on the optimism over the shrewd move. An observer said the decision to divide OBCs would yield results only if Congress was able to drive home the message among the target constituency during the short period of campaign for UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11329811", "title": "Parents appeal Lok Adalat for dead son's semen", "text": "KOCHI: In an unusual legal battle, parents of a 28-year-old man, who died in the prime of his youth, have approached the Lok Adalat in Kerala to retrieve their son's semen, preserved at a private hospital here.The parents-- Ravikumar (59) and Karthiyani (58), who hail from a very poor family, hope to get a grandchild through Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) by using the sperm of their son, Ratheesh, preserved at Cimar hospital at nearby cheranalloor, Aniyan P Vakkom, their counsel said.Rateesh, studying sound engineering at an institute in Chennai, was diagnosed with tumour in his left testicles last year and was admitted to Amrita hospital in this city. His sperm was preserved on medical advice last year.Rateesh died on January 5 this year of pneumonia. Though the couple were advised adoption, they were not keen, their counsel said.\"Their son was a good performer and having a child using their son's sperm was the only option agreeable to them,\" Aniyan told PTI.When the hospital rejected their plea to handover the preserved semen, the parents approached the Lok Adalat for a faster disposal of their plea, he said.Cimar hospital's counsel has sought more time to file a counter.Lok Adalat Judge D Pappachan, before whom the petition came up, posted the case to January 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11321141", "title": "Malkhan's CBI custody extended till Jan 2", "text": "JODHPUR: The CBI custody of Congress MLA Malkhan Singh Bishnoi has been extended till January 2. He was produced in the court on Saturday along with Om Prakash Bishnoi, brother and gang member of Bishnaram Bishnoi. The CBI custody of Om Prakash has been extended till January 4.The court extended the custody of Malkhan on the plea of the CBI, who claimed that he is not cooperating in the investigation. \"Besides this, we have to trace some suspects and accused related to the case and he has to be confronted with them\", argued the counsel of CBI, S S Yadav.The counsel also told the court that Malkhan is an important suspect in the case and he is not sharing the facts of the case to the CBI during interrogation.However, Malkhan's counsel sought concrete ground for seeking extension of his custody, after which the court demanded the investigation report and extended his custody for 2 days after perusal of the report.Meanwhile, the agency has also intensified search of Indra Bishnoi and Bishnaram Bishnoi after the arrest of his brother Om Prakash on Friday night. Both of them continue to be imperative for cracking the case.Indra is believed to have an important role in the abduction and elimination of Bhanwari Devi, who either on her own or at the behest of somebody else hatched the plot. \"But the current focus of the CBI is to nab Bishnaram in order to reach to find the body and Om Prakash has an important role in this direction\", said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11320730", "title": "Light and colour on ground, in sky as city welcomes 2012", "text": "PUNE: There was a buzz in the city air on the cold Saturday night, filled with the excitement; the busy streets seemed busier as youngsters swarmed along, ready to hit the party, to celebrate the New Year.Prominent city roads, including MG Road, FC Road and JM Road wore the look of a carnival, as colourful balloons filled the sky, fireworks went off and music blared. Lights adorned buildings and trees on MG Road, which had heavy police deployment. Senior inspector Sushma Chavan said, \"A crowded MG Road on the New Year's eve is a long-standing tradition. People throng the streets for merriment with which New Year is celebrated here.\"In the evening, MG Road and its surrounding areas had huge police deployment, comprising as many as 86 constables, six sub-inspectors and assistant sub-inspectors and one police inspector, among others. \"We came here at 6 pm on Saturday and plan to stay put till 3 am on Sunday morning,\" she said.As many as six squads of the Quick Response Team, the elite commando unit of the Pune police, were deployed on FC Road. Assistant inspector Sunil Waydande said, \"We will make sure that all commercial establishments close by 1:30 am. Offenders will be fined.\"Advocate Sunil Gokhale, who was on MG Road along with his family, said, \"This place is very vibrant during festivals and I love to see enthusiastic youngsters here. Though New Year's eve is not a festival per say, I still love to see this place lit up with all this grandeur. It is especially fun for my young son. After MG Road, we would go to some other place in the city to see how celebrations are unfolding there.\"Interior designer Nitesh Singh was seen shopping on FC Road to gear up for a party he was going to attend soon. \"I would be visiting a high-end lounge-cum-restaurant in Koregaon Park with friends and hope to greet the next year with plenty of energy. The party will go on till 2 am this time and thus, I hope to make good use of it,\" said Singh.A popular restaurant on JM Road teemed with multitudes. The assistant manager of the establishment said they launched a new delicacy called 'fiery grilled chicken', especially for New Year's eve. \"We have a special takeaway counter today, since the coming year has brought in umpteen customers. Also, the police have allowed us to remain open till past midnight, much to the joy of our patrons,\" he said, adding that the response during New Year's eve is exceptionally good.A popular resto-bar in Koregaon Park turned into a vibrant discotheque as its management decided to ring in 2012 with vigour. \"We have invited a DJ who would play inside the lounge and get the audience dancing. The area outside is reserved for those who would want to relax, lay back and enjoy. The place will thus be a happy mix of both - a discotheque and a laid-back resto-bar. We are expecting a full house on New Year's eve,\" said the owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321279", "title": "IPS officers balk at decision on posting &amp; transfers", "text": "KOLKATA: All is not well between the chief minister's office and several top IAS and IPS officers. Among the cases that have come to the fore prominently are those of K Hari Rajan and Nazrul Islam. Both the officers in the ADG rank have voiced their grouse against the government formally. balkHari Rajan has sent a formal representation against his \"frequent\" transfers - he has been given three postings in five months. The police officer has questioned how he could contribute fruitfully if he is shifted from one post to another within such a short span of time. He was the ADG (correctional services) in mid-July, posted as ADG (telecom) in August and again posted as ADG (welfare) in December.On the other hand, Islam has not yet joined in his new post as ADG (training). Instead, he has written to state DGP Naparajit Mukherjee questioning the composition of the Police Establishment Board (PEB) that took the decision on his posting. It is not very clear whether Islam will join the new post.As per rules, the PEB should have the DGP, the DIG (headquarter), the Kolkata Police commissioner (only when transfer/ promotions of Kolkata Police officers are involved) and three senior-most ADGs. Apart from DGP Naparajit Mukherjee, the PEB comprised Jogesh Chattopadhyay, R K Pachnanda, G M Prabhu Rajshekhar Reddy and Vijoy Kumar. However, Islam is senior to both Reddy and Kumar, and even Pachnanda. Moreover, since no posting of Kolkata Police officers were involved at that meeting, some officers have also questioned why the Kolkata Police commissioner was a part of the PEB. Anil Kumar was posted as ADG (telecom), K Hari Rajan as ADG (welfare) and Islam as ADG (training) at that meeting.Islam and chief minister Mamata Banerjee have been engaged in a cold war for the past few months. He was brought to Kolkata from Central government deputation, but was given the post of officer on special duty. They shared a good rapport earlier, but it is not very clear why they fell apart. Islam refused to join as the OSD in the home department and wanted a \"regular\" posting. He remained in \"compulsory waiting\" for over four months despite possibilities that action could be taken against him for not following the order.However, the government backtracked last week and issued an order for him to be posted as ADG (training). Now that Islam has questioned even that, the possibility of a far more stronger tussle seems imminent.Neither Hari Rajan nor Islam were available for comment, but top officials said the government is embarrassed with such protests and is taking the matter very seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11321554", "title": "Azamgarh detainee holds vital terror clues: Cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city crime branch officials believe that Habib Phalai alias Taiyab, arrested on Tuesday in the Ahmedabad serial blasts case, may be connected to the other accused from Azamgarh involved in various serial blasts across India. Taiyab was arrested in Lucknow by officials of the Ahmedabad crime branch and Uttar Pradesh police.Investigators said that Taiyab was involved in the Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) and was inducted by Mufti Abu Bashar, the first arrested accused in the serial blasts case. \"Like Abu Bashar, Habib was inclined towards teaching religion and was working as teacher at a madrassa,\" said a crime branch official. \"On the insistence of other members, he had attended camps organized by SIMI at Wagamon in Kerala and Khandwa in Madhya Pradesh.\"Officials added that while Taiyab knew about the blasts, he was not directly involved.\"After blasts ripped across the country, he went back to Azamgarh and started leading the life of a teacher,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11321634", "title": "Police ask youth to shape up well", "text": "MADURAI: Worried over the increasing crime rate where school and college students are involved, Commissioner of Police P Kannappan has appealed to the youth to mend their ways and concentrate on constructive works than being caught in crimes.Addressing media persons here on Saturday, he said that of late, the police had observed a lot of crimes being reported where the youth especially, college goers and schools students were involved. Last week, police nabbed nine two-wheeler thieves among whom three were college students. Two days ago, another college student was caught red handed when he attempted to snatch a gold chain.The involvement of youth in these kinds of crimes is worrying the department because booking them will seriously ruin their studies and future, he said. Hence, parents should closely watch their wards and participate in their growth in stead of repenting at later stages.Teachers should also watch students closely and encourage them to pursue constructive activities, he said. Reading good literature, morals and ethics will guide students in the right path, he added. Kannappan also said the department was carrying out various people-centric measures especially with traffic regulations. The department would organise a traffic discussion meeting on January 7 where people can express their ideas. The venue will be announced shortly, he added.Kannappan later told TOI that the number of adolescent offences was also on the rise in city limits. Every week, the department receives complaints like cyber crimes, crimes relating to pornography and other issues. \"When we receive such petitions, we summon parents and the youth. After investigations, the youth are asked to go for counselling before we resolve the issue. Booking them for such crimes will ruin their future,\" he said. Everyone undergoes changes during adolescence and it's important that parents play a vital role during that time by closely monitoring their children, he said.Experts feel the reading habit is diminishing day by day and the youth are preoccupied with gadgets like cell phones and internet. While they are good, they can be very harmful when misused. Further, observing property offences also reveals that youth commit them to enjoy a luxurious way of life. Experts also say that reading makes one a mature human being, hence it's important the reading habit is revived for which teachers and parents have a very crucial role to play. \"In a nutshell, this is our New Year message to the youth,\" Kannappan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "junagadh/ jamnagar", "code": "11329265", "title": "Counting over in Junagadh, Jamnagar dist", "text": "JUNAGADH/ JAMNAGAR: Counting in 523 of the 587 seats of village panchayats in Junagadh district was accomplished on late Saturday night. BJP claimed to have won 75 per cent of the seats, while Congress claimed victory in 65 per cent on Sunday morning.In Veraval taluka, widespread celebrations broke out as the result of 34 village panchayat seats was declared. The taluka has a total of 41 panchayat seats. In Jamnagar, of the 263 panchayat seats, the counting was completed in 198 seats.In several ballot boxes of 60 village panchayats in Jasdan taluka, wads of Rs 10 currency notes were found. Panchayat election in Jasdan taluka recorded 83.79 per cent polling. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11320653", "title": "Higher water, CNG prices dull 2012 cheer", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you thought that 2011 drained your pockets, then get ready as 2012 will surely poke humungous holes in them. January 1, 2012 will see an automatic hike of 10% in water tariff, a CNG price hike has already been , a petrol hike is on the cards and power tariff too will see some level of jump. The most recent food price index shows that prices have come down but not one Delhiite will agree with this as prices of vegetables have taken a leap forward in December.Delhi Jal Board increased its tariff in 2010 with an in-built system for a hike of 10% each year for a period of four years. This is required, officials say, to keep up with the rising power tariff. However Delhiites, who often complain of poor water supply, could not care less. \"We get water only for an hour or so each day. So how does it matter if power prices go up? At least services should be improved if we are paying more for water,\" said Sunita Bahri, a resident of Vasant Kunj.Power tariffs will also see some hike this year. According to sources, discoms are to recover Rs 4,800 crores over the next three years which will definitely necessitate a change in tariff. \"The true-ups for 2010-11 for all three discoms, BRPL, BYPL and NDPL, amount to approximately Rs 3,000 crore which has to be recovered in future years, clearly hinting at more tariff hikes coming up in the Delhi power sector,\" said sources. With the government to infuse an equity of Rs 500 crore in discom BSES, Delhiites are worried that together with higher power bills, they might also be saddled with more taxes.What is even more infuriating for the public is that \"officially\" food prices are at their lowest in the recent past. \"This is absolute nonsense. Figures look good on paper but they translate into nothing for common man. And if the government convinces itself that food prices are down, they are not going to hold back hikes and more taxation on other things,\" said Amit Ranjan, a professional.If the frequent petrol price hike over the last year was not sufficient, another one is expected as the year changes. To make matters worse, CNG prices have also gone up. While officials ay the hike will translate into peanuts for individuals, complaints of auto drivers trying to milk the situation have already started pouring in. \"The government has paid no attention to rising costs. An average earning family is left with very little at the end of the month with such 'little hikes' in almost every thing,\" said Sunita Garg, a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11329244", "title": "Rare Eurasian vulture rescued in Mahuva", "text": "RAJKOT: Local volunteers in Mahuva rescued a fledgling Eurasian Griffon, an endangered vulture species, from the agricultural field of a research station of Junagadh Agricultural University in Mahuva recently. The bird was handed over to the forest department.According to Ruchi Dave, an honorary wildlife warden, the bird was weak and unable to fly. \"The local veterinary doctor saved the bird,'' said the vulture conservationist who is doing her PhD on 'Conservation of Gyps species of vultures in Saurashtra.'Dave said that Eurasian Griffon Vulture is protected under Schedule 1 category of the Wildlife Protection Act and this species is mentioned in the red list of International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).\"There has been a sharp decline in all vulture species in Gujarat and especially Eurasian Griffon Vulture. This species has been rare since long. It is rarely found in parts of the state'' said Lalsinh Raol, renowned bird watcher and ornithologist from Ahmedabad\"The species was already on the decline. It is found in parts of the Himalayan region. Earlier records suggest that this bird is resident and a local migratory bird,'' Raol added.In order to study the bird, conservationists would ring the bird. '\"We will ring the bird to get more details about the bird's route and other details,'' Ruchi Dave added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11321205", "title": "Stop-work notice to save Ramsar site", "text": "KOLKATA: The filling up of the 43-bigha waterbody that comes under the East Kolkata Wetlands - a Ramsar site - has made the civic bosses sit up and take note. At the instruction of mayor Sovan Chatterjee, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) officials went running to the spot with a notice to stop the men at work. The matter also came up in the mayor-in-council meeting on Saturday where members expressed surprise over the development.As TOI had reported earlier, ii was hard to believe that land sharks were in the process of devouring the waterbody behind the Ruby Hospital without the knowledge of civic authorities or the police. On the contrary, KMC officials of Corporation Borough XII recollected that a person named Jay Singh Vinayak on November 22 approached the office introducing himself as the owner of the land. \"He sought permission for setting up a perimeter wall around the 43 bigha,\" an official said.But did the KMC give him a go-ahead? KMC Borough XII executive engineer Pinaki Bhattacharya gave a guarded response. \"I do not know of any such permission given to the applicant. The entire area comes within the East Kolkata Wetlands and no such permission can be granted,\" Bhattacharya said. However, he was not sure whether there was any development from the building department.While nobody could say for sure that the KMC didn't grant permission to Vinayak, the promoter apparently waited for 10 days from the date of his application on November 22 before starting work of the perimeter wall.According to members of the Chowbhaga Matsajibi Samabay Samity, who have been looking after this waterbody, the 43-bigha government land was initially given to six retired defence officers, as had been the case with many plots along the EM Bypass. The change in land title apparently took place in 2008 with the entry of Vinayak in the scene. This person apparently used his political clout to silence local opposition in a project where men from both the CPM and Trinamool Congress allegedly have a stake. The involvement possibly explains why local Trinamool councillor Partha Ray Chowdhury wrote to chief minister Mamata Banerjee only a week ago urging her intervention to stop the filling up that he claimed was beyond his capability.Block land revenue officials in Chowbhaga, however, confirmed after searching the records that there was no land mutation in the Chowbhaga mouza after the East Kolkata Wetlands authority was formed in 2008.But lands keep changing hands in these areas without mutation. There have been enough instances. The Vedic Village shootout two years ago revealed one such land transaction. On condition of anonymity, Chowbhaga locals said the government needs to probe how the land changed hands and what prompted the defence officers and the members of the fisherman cooperative withdraw.According to officials in the land department, Jay Singh Vinayak can't do so under the Land Ceiling Act. \"Many people in these areas are floating holding companies to grab and hold huge chunks of land illegally and finally use them in the real estate business,\" a land official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11321595", "title": "City witnesses its first flashmob", "text": "COIMBATORE: City for the first time, saw a flash mob on Saturday at the Brookefield Mall. Flash mob, an event not familiar in the country became famous after the recent flash mob at Mumbai CST station. It saw hundreds of people dancing spontaneously to music.Flash mobs are well choreographed events where the dancers join in from different locations at a busy place to later fade off after the dance. Here, this was arranged to showcase the introduction of Coimbatore Vizha 2012 from January 2nd to January 8th. This will see a series of programmes arranged in the city by various organisations. Manisha B Shah, who runs her family textile business is one of the coordinators of the flash mob. This was mostly a Young Indians' initiative. Young Indians which is part of the Chamber of Industry and Commerce had come up with the idea of Coimbatore Vizha 2012. \"We had arranged the event as an introduction to the one week long events which are going to be held.\"The choreography was done by the Footloose Dance Academy. Manisha says that most of the dancers were from the academy and the rest were the staff of the shops at Brookfields. \"We conducted practice sessions for almost a week. We can say that we are among the biggest of groups to have conducted the flash mobs\", says Manisha who looks excited about the turn out. \"People were quite excited and surprised\", says Manisha. \"The spontaneous reaction and the response was in itself the best part. We hope that the enthusiasm this has created will stay for quite some time\", says Manisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11323053", "title": "Lab assistant found murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: A lab assistant with Saifabad's PG College died after being smothered with a rice bag, in Mallepally on Friday.Mangalhat police said 45-year-old Swaroopa was found dead in a storeroom on the second floor of her residence. Swaroopa has two daughters - Archana and Saujanya - both of whom got married a couple of years ago. However, Archana has been staying with her mother ever since her relationship with her husband developed cracks.Archana, a software engineer , left her residence at around 9.30am. \"Swaroopa was also ready and was supposed to leave at 9.45 am. Minutes before she was to leave, some unknown person entered the house. Swaroopa went to the storeroom along with that person. It was there that the culprit placed a 50-kilo bag of rice on her face and sat on it. The victim died due to asphyxiation,\" Mangalhat inspector G Sridhar told STOI.Police suspect that the murder was committed by someone known to Swaroopa. A two tola gold chain is missing from the victim's body. Mangalhat police have registered a case under section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11323078", "title": "New Year to ring in hefty water bills", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB; ) is all set to issue revised water bills from Monday (January 2) as the new tariff came into force from December 1.The Water Board has made arrangements to issue new water bills by modifying e-Pos (electronic point of sale) machines.Consumers who have already registered their mobile phone numbers would get revised tariff instantly.\"The hike is for just Re 1/per kilolitre for slum dwellers. Earlier, it was Rs 6 per Kl. Now, according to the new tariff, we will charge Rs 7 per Kl (for instance, if the old bill was Rs 131.50, new bill will be Rs 151.75).\"For other domestic consumers, we will charge between Rs 10 and Rs 40 per Kl depending on the slab. We will collect 35% sewerage cess from all domestic consumers,\" HMWS&SB; managing director, Adhar Sinha told STOI.Of 7.78 lakh consumers, nearly four lakh have already registered their mobile numbers with the Water Board.Henceforth, citizens would get monthly bills in the form of SMSs. They can also download bills from the Water Board's official portal.A Water Board official said, \"We have instructed all general managers of operation and maintenance (O&M; ) divisions to verify premises on a war footing. So far, 30,000 premises located on main roads have been converted into commercial premises .\"We will issue revised water bills to them,\" the official added.Although the Water Board had issued notices to some owners, who converted their properties from domestic to commercial, several times asking them to enhance the pipe size, they failed to respond.\"For commercial category, we have revised tariff from Rs six per KL to Rs 20 per KL. We are expecting another two lakh consumers to register their names soon,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11322499", "title": "Two arrested in Dhoomanganj murder case", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Dhoomanganj police have solved the murder which took place inside the premises of Mundera Mandi few days back where a resident of Neem Sarai, Dhiraj Hela was stoned to death by some persons and his body thrown into a pond. In this connection his family members had lodged an FIR under Section 302 of Indian Penal Code( IPC) against his neighbour Shahanshah. Police have arrested two persons including a woman safai karmachari.However, after conducting preliminary investigation the police team found that Dhiraj had a long standing dispute with safai employee of Nagar Nigam Mundera, Shanti Devi whose daughter he used to tease. Despite repeated persuasion by the girl's family members, Dhiraj's activities continued.On the basis of this information the police on Saturday arrested Shanti Devi, Brijendra and Amit and recovered the blood stained brick used in killing Dhiraj.The accused persons confessed that in order to teach him lesson, Shanti Devi hatched a conspiracy with her son in-law Brijendra Kumar alias Laxmi resident, Puramufti under Kaushambi district alongwith his relatives Santosh, resident Naini, Amit and Manoj.As per plan the accused persons murdered Dhiraj and threw his body inside a pond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11322180", "title": "Business summit to boost trade in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: The Coastal Business Development Summit - a golden opportunity for entrepreneurs to invest in Mangalore, Udupi and Karwar districts - has been organized at T V Ramana Pai Convention Centre here on January 4 and 5.The Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry in association with department of industries and commerce, department of infrastructure development, state NRI Forum and Coastal Development Authority has organized the summit to showcase the strength and motivate the existing enterprises and to attract new entrepreneurs in coastal districts for investments in industry and trade.Industrial development, infrastructure, tourism, IT &amp; BT, food processing, fisheries and education will be the main focus of the summit.Union minister for corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily will inaugurate the summit and chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda will preside over the event. Deputy speaker in the assembly N Yogish Bhat will preside over the valedictory function and MP Nalin Kumar Kateel, MLC Capt Ganesh Karnik will be the guests on January 5.Principal secretary to commerce and industries department K Jothirmalingam, commissioner of industrial development M Maheshwar Rao, commissioner for transport T Sham Bhat, secretary to infrastructure development department Rajkumar Khatri, Mangalore Special Economic Zone Limited CEO Rajiv Banga, New Mangalore Port Trust chairman P Tamilvanan, state Tourism Development Corporation managing director Sundar Naik, Infosys senior vice-president U Ramadas Kamath, Diya Systems Private Limited CEO V Ravichandran and Robosoft Technologies Private Limited director Sudheer Bhat will deliver lectures on various issues in the session on January 4.Karnataka Krushi Mission chairman SA Patil, Maiyas Bevarages and Food Private Limited director P Sadananda Maiya, Mangalore College of Fisheries professor Ramachandra Bhat, department of collegiate education director V Kamalamma, Kannur University former vice-chancellor M Abdul Rehman and Justice KS Hegde Institute of Management professor GV Joshi will speak on January 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11321332", "title": "12-yr-old boy electrocuted while playing", "text": "CHENNAI: A 12-year-old boy was electrocuted on Saturday while playing with a metal string which came in contact with a live electric cable at Sankar Nagar, Pallavaram, near Tambaram.Police said Potlaiyya (12) of Sevur village in Andhra Pradesh was playing with an iron string at a construction site when the incident took place. Potlaiyya accompanied his father Balaiyya, who was employed as a mason at the construction site in Thiruneermalai near Tambaram.Police said the boy had tied a stone to the string and was spinning it when it hit a live overhead cable.Hearing his cries, a few workers rushed to the spot and took him to a private hospital from where he was shifted to government hospital in Chrompet. The doctors declared him 'brought dead'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11321238", "title": "Possibility of leopardess with cubs in CSTPS colony jungle", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: It could come as shocker to the residents of Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station (CSTPS) colony, but it's true that there are more leopards in the shrubby jungle on the power station premises. Even as a leopard was captured and relocated from CSTPS area last week, forest officers have reasons to believe that there is still a leopardess with couple of cubs living in the rich habitat.CSTPS was in news for over a month after a leopard was repeatedly seen by residents on the premises. After the beast mauled a dog and a goat, people approached the forest department which managed to cage the leopard on December 24 and subsequently released in a distant jungle.\"However caging of leopard has not resolved the problem. We have found pugmarks of leopardess with cubs in the shrubby jungle inside CSTPS territory,\" said president of NGO Eco-Pro Bandu Dhotre.Foresters and NGO Eco-Pro, with the help of CSTPS management, have taken up intensive awareness drive in CSTPS colony to educate people about symbiotic living with wild animals on grounds of villages located in fringe forest areas.\"Our focus is on educating people about behaviour of leopards, reason of their presence in the surroundings and precautions to be taken,\" he said. Eco-Pro has launched 10-day intensive awareness drive in CSTPS colony from Saturday.He explained that CSTPS premises was a rich habitat and presence of big cats was impossible. \"There is perennial source of water in the thick green cover spread across in hundreds of hectares. Clubbed with ample prey base of spotted deer; wild boars; dogs and illegally grazing cattle, the area makes an ideal habitat for tiger and leopard. Hence removing all the leopards from the premises could never resolve the problem in CSTPS,\" Dhotre added.People need to understand how to live without disturbing the wildlife in adjoining shrubby jungle, he advised.\"There has been no incidence of leopard attack in more than 25 years of CSTPS. Big cats are living peacefully in their part of habitat. Occasional sighting of leopard moving along its course does not amount to aggressiveness. Unless they are disturbed or provoked, wild animals do not attack humans,\" he explained.Forest officers and NGO activist have briefed the CSTPS officers about the remedial measures needed to be undertaken to deal with the leopard problem.\"Management has started clearing the shrubs in 10 meter periphery of residential colony and also along the roads. Officers have also initiated repair of non-functional street lights, while high mast lights would be installed on key locations. People have been asked to clear thatched compounds around their residences and avoid throwing food in the open. Handbills regarding do and don'ts about leopards have been distributed among the people,\" said RFO, Chandrapur range, Abhay Badkelwar.Management has also been asked to check the intrusion of cattle grazers inside their territory. He did not rule out the presence of a leopardess with cubs in CSTPS and claimed that they have installed camera traps in the area to have visual confirmation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-01"}
