{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11414200", "title": "Thackeray ridicules Sonia, Rahul", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has raked up the issue of Congress president Sonia Gandhi's \"foreign origin\" and ridiculed Rahul Gandhi's prime ministerial ambitions.In an interview to party mouthpiece 'Saamna', Thackeray said Sonia was a foreigner. \"What love will she have for this country and what is her contribution here,\" he asked.\"You see what is going on in the country. There is controversy over the Army chief's age and the matter is in court. Whose reputation is in jeopardy? There is no question of Sonia's reputation as she is a foreigner,\" he said.On Rahul, he said, \"He was born yesterday and wants to be prime minister today. Is the PM's post up for auction?\"The atmosphere in the country was polluted by Congress, he said.Thackeray, who celebrates his 86th birthday on January 23, when asked the \"secret\" of his good health, said, \"If I reveal my secret, all these Congressmen will emulate it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411091", "title": "If you itch to \u2018send\u2019 at 2 am", "text": "With German car giant Volkswagen reportedly contracting with Blackberry to control its employees' digi hours, Times Life figures if there's a way to dodge the 'pressure' of shooting that email, now!So, now we are being told that other than backpacking, spa and luxury vacations, there's another travel category that most of us have explored without even noticing. The 'email vacation' is a no escape for most modern travellers, who believe the Smartphone is as indispensable to a travel bag as the Swiss knife. Interestingly, a few international firms have watched the technology plague infect their staff, and are officially encouraging employees to take time off from mail. German car giant Volkswagen has reportedly contracted with Blackberry to stop its servers from routing emails 30 minutes after the work day ends, and start again only half an hour before working hours. The rule, however, leaves out top executives. French tech firm Atos has banned intra-company emails, preferring that its staff talk on chat and video-conferencing.For Indians, already branded among the most 'holiday deprived' communities in the world, in a study conducted by an online travel firm, weaning off work can be a tough call. A senior professional with a financial consultancy firm in South Delhi, says, \"I respond to mails only when they are critical. That's something I can figure only if I check my inbox! On a more serious note, I tell myself that no matter how urgent the situation , the heavens are unlikely to split if I am unable to connect on mail.\"Thirty-five year-old year-old marketing professional from Mumbai, Munish B, who says work defines us in more ways than one, was on a trek on the Annapurna Circuit, with no access to mobile connectivity. \"I was able to check my mail only once in 15 days, and honestly, I didn't miss it much.\"Delhi resident and blogger Gautam Ghosh, says going off mail might be a tricky call for professionals in senior positions. Ghosh admits to checking his inbox at odd hours (he replied to this writer's query at 2.20am).Ghosh's 5-point rulebook to control digi hours :-Be careful while ccing and bccing. Email only those recipients who are essential if you don't want your inbox clogged with their replies.-Before sending an email, ask if you make do with other alternatives like sharing it on an intranet or bulletin board?-If you use Google's Gmail , use the priority inbox setting that pushes the most important mails up the list.anuradha.varma@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11408379", "title": "You invite, I will come: Chandy to Jaya on dam talks", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy on Saturday issued an appeal to his Tamil Nadu counterpart for an out-of-court settlement to the Mullaperiyar row that could clear decks for the construction of a new dam by securing TN's interests.He admitted that Kerala had already done the groundwork for a new dam, which it sees as the only solution. \"We are ready for bilateral talks. We can have an understanding outside the courts and then submit a joint petition to the Supreme Court,\" Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy said during an interaction with TN media representatives in the city.Asked if TN was open to the idea of a negotiated settlement, Chandy said, \"I had written twice to the TN chief minister. The reply was not very encouraging. And, there was no reply to the second letter.\" But he was willing to reach out to chief minister J Jayalalithaa again, he said, adding in a lighter vein, \"You invite me, I will come.\"Emphasizing that the prime concern for Kerala was as much the safety of its people as water was for TN, Chandy said a detailed project report for a new dam was ready and only needed TN's consent for Kerala to proceed. \"We are convinced that only a new dam can satisfy the concerns of the two states. A detailed project report for a new dam is ready and we are certain that we can go ahead it with the necessary clearances.\" But Kerala, he said, would like to get the concurrence of Tamil Nadu before doing that.A site 366 metres from the present dam and \"agreed upon by PWD engineers from Tamil Nadu during a meeting in 1979\" had been identified. Thiruvananthapuram: Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy on Saturday said the state would like to get Tamil Nadu's consent before going ahead with the project to build a new dam to replace the existing one at Mullaperiyar.\"Legally speaking, there are no hurdles for us to go ahead with the project as long as we have the funds to do it and we are not dependent on Central government funding. But we don't want to create any problems on the other side. So we would like to get Tamil Nadu's consent and agreement before we go ahead. We want to continue our cordial relations with Tamil Nadu,\" Chandy said during an interaction with media representatives from Tamil Nadu.\"It will cost us Rs 663 crore to build the new dam in place of the existing one at Mullaperiyar as per market rates in November 2011. The submerged area of the new dam will cover 25 hectares and total area would be about 50 hectares,\" Chandy said. \"Water (for TN) can be let out through the very same outlets used now.\"Wary about an outbreak of violence as that witnessed recently when rumours spread that Kerala had gone ahead and laid the foundation stone for a new dam, Chandy said, \"Our prime concern is the safety of our people but neither do we want to strain our relations with Tamil Nadu. We would like their concurrence before going ahead with the new dam project.\" While Tamil Nadu has said the existing dam was as good as new, for how long would that be, wondered Chandy.While the Supreme Court verdict on the issue of the water level in the dam and safety would be binding on the state, it would not hesitate to opt for further legal remedies, he said.\"While every second is important for Kerala as far as safety is concerned, we understand that every day is important for Tamil Nadu regarding its water needs,\" said Chandy, claiming there was nothing to stop Kerala from going ahead with a new dam project. On reports that mock drills had been held in villages in Idukki district, additional chief secretary K Jayakumar confirmed that some disaster management teams had taken care of it.Replying to a barrage of queries about Tamil Nadu's apprehensions, Chandy said, \"We want to reach out to the people of Tamil Nadu regarding our intentions and about continuing to supply water to Tamil Nadu. In Kerala, we are all unanimous in our stand that we will continue to supply water to Tamil Nadu.\"Even as the construction of the new dam progresses, the old dam will continue to function.\"We realize that we cannot have a new dam overnight and we cannot decommission the old dam before the new one is completed,\" he said.The dam row had flared up in the wake of 27 tremors in July last year with four of them exceeding 3 on the Richter scale, said Chandy, dismissing speculation that the Congressled United Democratic Front government in Kerala had raked up the issue only with an eye on the Piravom bypoll.\"That is not correct. There are so many misunderstandings. We have no hidden agenda. Our aim is to safeguard the interests of Kerala and at the same time continue good relations between the two states,\" he said.Guesthouses for TN, AP pilgrimsThiruvananthapuram: With lakhs of pilgrims particularly from the four southern states heading out to Sabarimala every year, the Kerala government has earmarked five acres for each state - Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, besides Kerala - for setting up guesthouses, information centres and other infrastructure facilities for pilgrims. Andhra Pradesh chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy would be travelling to Sabarimala to lay the foundation for a building.\"We are concerned about the safety of pilgrims coming here. There were some stray incidents of stone pelting on pilgrims. We took strong action against the culprits,\" Kerala chief minister Oomen Chandy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408441", "title": "Fire guts agri ministry office in Shastri Bhavan, none injured", "text": "NEW DELHI: A major fire broke out on the second floor of the Shastri Bhavan building on Saturday morning, police said. Though there were no casualties, important documents and furniture inside the office of the ministry of agriculture was gutted. Cops are investigating the cause of the fire.The fire broke out at the building located on Parliament Street. \"Around six fire tenders were rushed to the spot and they had managed to douse the blaze around 10.15am,\" said a cop.Fortunately as it was a Saturday , there were no people in the office or on the floor. \"Just imagine the death toll had this happened on a working day?\" said anwitness.\"We have not been able to figure out the cause of fire yet, but we suspect a short circuit could have triggered the blaze. The fire gutted important documents while the cost of total damage has not been ascertained yet,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408144", "title": "15 days of real India: Jagriti Yatra ends in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For Nidhi Anarkat, a city-based girl, it was a dream come true when she hopped on a train that took her to the heart of real India and presented her with an opportunity to meet like-minded youngsters working at the grassroots. Anarkat was one of the 'yatris' of the 15-day Jagriti Yatra that started from Mumbai on December 24 and concluded on Saturday in Ahmedabad.Ashutosh Kumar, director (programs) of Jagriti Sewa Sansthan told TOI that motive of the yatra was to visit social entrepreneurs and contribute to India's success story. It is fourth consecutive yatra that started from 2008 after getting inspired from a similar journey taken by a social reformist a decade back.\"Selecting a fellow is always a difficult task. This year, we got 15,000 applications out of which 450 got selected. They have been chosen from 24 states of India and 60 per cent of them are from smaller centers. Similarly, 40 youths from 23 countries also participated in the journey. Most of the participants were either students or entrepreneurs,\" said Vibha Joshi, director (selection).The fellows visited centers such as Hubli, Bangalore, Madurai, Chennai, Vishakhapattanam, Bhubaneshwar, Patna, Deoria, Delhi and Tilonia where they met the mentors already working on social projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11413422", "title": "We gotta fulfil Amit Saigal's dream", "text": "The founder of Rock Street Journal and various rock festivals of the country, which gave innumerable opportunities to the young musicians, Amit saigal, may have passed away, but he will always be remembered by his loved ones for the contributions he made to this field.People across the fraternity and even in his hometown are still in shock. \" A mit always searched for new and talented youngsters, and gave whatever help they needed. From making them perform with the internationally recognized band members on the same stage, to creating opportunities for the young and the talented, he did everything in his lifetime,\" avers long time friend from his hometown, Sam Lal, who was also the member of the first band he created by the name impact.However Jishnu Das Gupta, Base Player of a leading Bangalore band, Swar Atma remembers his guru by saying, \"He was one person who always believed that indian rock stars and musicians are second to none and at par with any of the international stars. He was the one who gave shape to the Indian rock industry and because of whom it managed to flourish so much in this country. He even then used to say, follow your heart and through your weight whatever you believe in, success will come to you.\"But instead of mourning at his death another avid follower of Amit, Rohan Solomon, Singer and guitarist of the prominent band of Delhi, 'Cynide' adds, \"He somehow had an eye for the talent. It wouldn't be wrong to call him the father of rock and roll in India given the fact his contributions to this field are huge. The rock festivals he started gave a new direction to people like us. He was always full of energy and ready to help. We lost our mentor now. we got to take the rock scene in India to the level where Amit always wanted to take. We gotta fulfil amit's dream\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408644", "title": "Okhla plant chokes colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fine layer of sooty dust covers the cars that line Sukhdev Vihar's roads. Clothes hung out to dry turn black by evening. A pungent smell of rotting waste permeates the air attracting a host of raptors that would ordinarily be found circling over landfill sites. Residents are having trouble breathing and many are complaining of a sudden spell of breathlessness.The Okhla waste-to-energy plant - which started operations on January 3 - has triggered multiple problems in colonies like Sukhdev Vihar , Haji Colony, Ishwar Nagar , Jamia Nagar and neighbouring areas, say residents.\"We have been protesting since the project was announced but the government permitted the plant to come up here. Incineration in any form is unhealthy and the plant will eventually be burning up 2,050 MT of municipal solid waste. The plant has already begun to pollute the area,\" said Asha Arora, a resident of Sukhdev Vihar.The Jindal Ecopolis project has received the Delhi Pollution Control Committee's nod to operate. Environment secretary Keshav Chandra has said that the plant is carrying out a month-long trial run. However, company sources have said that current operations are actually part of the commissioning process and no official trial is taking place.\"In the past couple of days, about 300 tonnes of waste has been used at the plant. Gradually, the quantity will be increased as incineration will be optimized. This is not a trial run,\" said sources.Gopal Krishna, convenor, Toxics Watch Alliance, says that so far none of the waste to energy plants set up in India have worked due to the composition of waste. The Okhla plant, which intends to burn everything, including plastic and e-waste to increase its calorific value, is an even more dangerous proposition.\"If industries have been moved out from residential areas, why has a waste incineration plant been allowed to come up. We were told that it would be a zero-smoke , zero-odour and zero-pollution unit. So far, none of the three promises hold. In fact, the waste that is to be burnt is being stored in an open ground across the road from the plant. The smell and the smoke emanating from the site are nauseating ,\" he said.Company sources denied the claims, saying that barely any work was being carried out at the plant right now and hence there was no question of pollution. \"Even the waste is directly being brought to the plant premises and emptied into the system ,\" they said.A special committee of the Central Pollution Control Board is also looking into the technology being used by Jindal Ecopolis in the project and is expected to submit its report soon.The committee was set up at the behest of former environment minister Jairam Ramesh who had received several complaints by residents against the project. He had even written to Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit , asking her to reconsider the location of the plant from the middle of a populated residential area to some other remote spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11408382", "title": "IMC in a fix over illegal hoardings", "text": "INDORE: Pulled up by the Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh High Court (MPHC) for turning a blind eye to the hoardings placed illegally in the city, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has planned to tighten the noose around flex printers, who print these hoardings. However, civic body is not clear about the way to implement its idea.Civic body believes that if it is made compulsory to print the name and address of the printers on every flex, then they can take action against those who place it.Officials are of the view that with the help of identity of the printers, they can easily trace out the person who had printed it. In case any printer does not cooperate, they can take action against them as well.Municipal commissioner Yogendra Sharma said they are trying to find out the ways to implement the idea. \"This cannot be implemented by the IMC alone. We will need support of the district administration as well,\" he said.Deputy commissioner (Market) Rakesh Sharma said, \"IMC has removed around 300 hoardings in the last one month. But most of them were placed back late night and hence it was difficult to get hold of the people who placed them. Officials, without any proper evidence, cannot even take action against those whose photographs and names are generally printed on the flex.\"Many a time, people featured on the hoardings say that hoardings were placed without their knowledge,\" said Sharma adding action can be taken only when they catch hold of the people while placing hoardings.Civic officials pointed out those traffic policemen, who spend most of their time on roads, can play a major role in checking illegal hoardings. However, traffic department officials said that their department was under-staffed and removing hoardings was purely the job of civic body.Interestingly, the PIL filed on illegal hoardings by Sanjay Mittal has made the state government, collector Indore, SSP Indore and IMC respondents.Justice S S Kemkar and Justice Prakash Srivatav, during hearing recently had asked all the parties to file their replies by first week of February.Advocate P K Shukla on behalf of the petitioner had submitted a list of around 30 places where illegal hoardings were placed. To make his case strong, he had also submitted the photographs of such places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11406933", "title": "NCC cadets take part in hot air ballooning", "text": "KANPUR: NCC cadets of Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur participated in 'hot air ballooning' event conducted at IIT air strip here on Saturday.The adventure activity was conducted under the aegis of UP Adventure Sport Foundation. Around 100 cadets participated in the sport. Lt Col Anil Kumar , commanding officer, NCC unit, IIT-Kanpur, exhorted the NCC cadets to participate in adventure activities. \"An activity like hot air ballooning instills a sense of resilience in the NCC cadets, apart from ingraining qualities of self-confidence, tenacity, camaraderie and spirit of adventure,\" he said.Col B Kumar, group commander of NCC, Kanpur, appreciated the exuberance shown by the cadets.Ankit Yadav, a first year student of the IIT-K, said it was an exhilarating experience and remain etched in his memory throughout his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kakinada", "code": "11406957", "title": "Cock fight bets likely to cross Rs 200 cr", "text": "KAKINADA: Come Sankranti, coastal Andhra is all set to raise a toast to roosters. And though there is nothing attractive about the bloodsport in which cocks get wounded and killed, that is unlikely to prevent betting in cock fighting from crossing the Rs 200 crore mark this year. Last year, that figure stood at Rs 100 crore.Throwing caution to the wind and ignoring police warning, organisers have, in the last couple of weeks, started holding cock fights in the interiors of coastal Andhra. Cock fighting fever is already on with relatives and friends of just about everybody from businessmen, movie stars, NRIs, corporate executives, realtors to rich farmers and politicians landing up at their ancestral villages in pursuit of this brand of entertainment.Despite 'strict' police vigil, punters and experts believe that bets worth a total of Rs 200 crore are very much on the cards this time. \"Believe it or not, people of Godavari district are ready to bet their immovable property,\" A Venkata Ramaiah, an organiser in Konaseema area, told STOI.Last year, police warned organisers and participants of rowdy-sheets being opened against them but that has not affected the widespread interest in cock fighting. A majority of the punters, who belong to the Kshatriya community, say cock fighting is a custom that should not be viewed as gambling. \"This is a traditional sport. We are only following the sport, not indulging in betting,\" said S Raju, a former people's representative from Palakollu in Bhimavaram mandal.Contests are held in East and West Godavari, Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam districts for which roosters are bred and trained by farmers. They fetch a minimum of Rs 5,000 to Rs 10,000. A good breed can cost anything between Rs 50,000 and Rs 1 lakh.\"West Godavari district is the main hub for breeding cocks. Cocks bred here are even taken to contests in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka,\" regular punter G Trinath Babu of Bhimvaram said.The cocks are fed almonds, cashew nuts, millets and wheat grains to make them strong for the tough battles they have to fight. Organisers said roosters reared especially for fights come from Madurai, Salem and Kanyakumari and are found in some parts of Karnataka too. The fights between the specially-bred and trained cocks are organised in sprawling fields with thousands watching the spectacle. Blades, three to four-inches long, or sharp knives, are tied to the cock's legs and the fight continues till one of the two cocks dies. Such is the craze for it, cock fights are also organised at night under floodlights.Sources said fights take place in Bhimavaram, Yelamanchili, Vissakoderu, Achanta, Attili, Dirusumarru, Vundi, Kalla, Penumantra, Vendra and Juvvalapalem areas of West Godavari, Allavaram, Korukonda, Gokavaram, Rajanagaram, I Polavaram, Godilanka and Goditippa in East Godavari. Liquor flows freely at these events, police said. Liquor sales in a mandal can touch Rs 2-5 lakh a day during the Sankranti season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11407974", "title": "Heat on institutes offering crash course in using ultrasound machines", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is turning on the heat on the institutes involved in offering a crash course in using ultrasound machines for jobs in \"sex-selection shops\".The Medical Council of India (MCI) has recommended to the Union health ministry that all these institutes will first have to be accredited by the state government and made authorized training centers.The curriculum will have to be standard and the training has to be for at least six months.The MCI has also recommended a \"competence-based certification\" system.Besides, it has asked the ministry to restrict use of ultrasound imaging among gynecologists, radiologists and MBBS doctors who undergo a six-month training at authorized centers to make them come under the Pre-conception &amp; Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, 1994.The MCI recommendations will be discussed at the the Central Supervisory Board (CSB) in Mumbai on January 14. The CSB is headed by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad and his counterpart in the women and child welfare ministry Krishna Tirath.At present, under the Pre-conception &amp; Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, 1994, besides a sonologist, imaging specialist and radiologist, anybody with a six-month training or one-year experience in sonography or image scanning, can use an ultrasound machine.This, the ministry says, has led to the mushrooming of several bogus institutions to train people on how to use ultrasound machines for sex-selection.Bogus certificates are also issued saying the person has undergone a six-month or one- year training on using imaging techniques. A ministry official said, \"Many such fake institutes conduct 15-day courses that teach people how to do sex-selection using ultrasound machines and hand them a six-month or one-year certificate.\"He added, \"We had asked the MCI to put in place a framework that will specify which institutes will get accredited to conduct training for use of ultra sound machines, what would be the content of the training course and what kind of certification will be given.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406637", "title": "Srilakshmi retreats into a shell", "text": "HYDERABAD: On Day-2, suspended IAS officer Y Srilakshmi kept to herself by staying away from other prisoners in barrack No 9 at Chanchalguda prison.Though it is not unusual for new entrants to feel a bit depressed, Srilakshmi retreated into her shell.\"She has not interacted with anyone and maintained a silence,\" a prison source said.At the Special Prison for Women, Chanchalguda, where even gangster Abu Salem's girlfriend and actress Monica Bedi had been lodged in the past, the environment is not all that intimidating.There is a lot of open space dotted with trees and scope to mingle freely with other prisoners.But for Srilakshmi who walked hallowed portals as IAS officer, the jail atmosphere is obviously a depressing site.None of her family members visited her till evening on Saturday.Srilakshmi's husband and IPS officer Gopikrishna, who is IG, CID, also did not visit her.It is learnt that he is away in New Delhi in connection with her case in Supreme Court. Srilakshmi reportedly told jail officials that she was not interested in seeing any visitors except her husband and advocate.Late in the evening, her advocate came to the jail to meet her. According to rules, there will be no 'mulaqat' for visitors on Sundays.Since she had no visitors and no refreshments from outside, Srilakshmi, it is learnt, was served jail food comprising chapati, a vegetable curry, rice and dal.\"She does not seem to be comfortable with the prison as she has to sleep on the floor like other undertrials,\" a prison source said.The suspended IAS officer, has, however, appealed to the CBI court to grant her special status in the prison which would facilitate her to get better amenities, including a cot, table, a lamp and even her own cooking facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411139", "title": "Tabu and Isha in Vikram's next?", "text": "While Kollywood star Vikram is gearing up for his second outing in Bollywood , the director of the film, Bejoy Nambiar, is busy roping the lead actresses for the film.The film titled David has Bejoy Nambiar, a former assistant of director Mani Ratnam wielding the megaphone. Nambiar had earlier directed the critically-acclaimed Shaitan. The latest buzz in the industry is that Bejoy has roped in Tabu and Isha as the lead heroines.The story revolves around an underworld don in Mumbai and Isha is likely to play the romantic interest of Vikram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11412435", "title": "Sara Khan plays Cupid", "text": "Sara Khan might not have had the best luck in her own personal relationships, but that hasn't deterred the die-hard romantic in her.The actress who currently plays the cheerful and bubbly Mona in Ram Milaayi Jodi, often tries to pair up her most compatible friends with each other - sending them on blind dates with each other. And although we won't take any names, a lot of them have actually blossomed into long-lasting relationships! The most recent of her successful attempts at matchmaking - Preet Kaur (aka Sweety on Ram Milaayi Jodi) and Vishal (aka Parmeet on Ram Milaayi Jodi) are all set to tie the knot!!!The two met as a part of Sara's close group of friends from the show and a few months later, Sara arranged for the two of them to go out for dinner and a movie as a part of her attempts to pair the two of them up. And while they initially went out just to please Sara, it didn't take very long for the two of them to fall in love with each other off-screen. The latest buzz is that they have got engaged and plan to tie the knot later this year.\"Vishal liked Preet and it was so obvious to everyone except to Preet herself! But since neither of them admitted it back then, someone just HAD to push the two of them together otherwise nothing would have happened! I am not one to stand back and do nothing especially when I know that there is a strong potential for love. It's a lot of fun playing matchmaker! You feel so special and important when you bring two people together and then attend their weddings. After all, it is you that they have to thank for bringing so much happiness into their lives!\" said Sara who ecstatically conveyed the news of the marriage to us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11408378", "title": "Seers want ban on Made Snana", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka's government's attitude to 'Made Made Snana' - the ritual where dalits roll over plantain leaves off which Brahmins have eaten - has angered progressive religious leaders across the state. The ritual is practised widely in the Kukke Subramanya temple in Dakshina Kannada and a few other temples.Eighteen religious leaders, representing Veerashaiva, Vokkaliga and other backward-caste mutts across the state, on Saturday warned the government of waging a struggle if the obnoxious practice is not banned immediately.When B S Yeddyurappa was chief minister, he doled out goodies to several mutts, including Veerashaiva mutts, and enjoyed a good rapport with them. With assembly elections slated next year, incumbent DV Sadananda Gowda cannot afford to antagonize the Veerashaivas and OBCs, who supported the BJP in 2008.Can't ban ritual: Pejawar seerPejawar Mutt seer Vishwesha Theertha says banning Made Made Snana is not the way out because it involves the sentiments of thousands. \"A ban is not the right way... as it will hurt the sentiments of devotees who have been performing it for ages.\" In an interview to STOI, Vishwesha Theertha said he favours a middle path, which he will spell out in Bangalore on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11413646", "title": "Rahul hits out at LK Advani, accuses him of double speak", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi for the first time launched a direct attack on BJP patriarch leader LK Adavni. Addressing a public meeting in Deoria, Gandhi scion said that LK Adavni took out a rath yatra across the country against corruption but has inducted the most corrupt leader in the BSP government in BJP.Rahul said that Babu Singh Kushwaha was right hand man of UP chief minister Mayawati and for five years he was indulging in corruption before being thrown out of the BSP. Kushwaha came to Congress for shelter but it closed the doors, he said. However, the BJP has inducted Kushwaha who is responsible for the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission scam. The CBI is probing the matter but BJP had no reservations in admitting Kushwaha.The Congress leader also came down heavily of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav. During Mulayam rule, goons used to run the police stations, he said. Further, Mulayam's son Akhilesh can speak in English and knows how to operate computers but Mulayam says that there is no need for the poor in UP to study English and computers.On chief minister Mayawati, who is also president of BSP, Rahul said that there is a magical elephant (BSP's election symbol) in Lucknow which consumes all the money sent by the Centre for welfare of the poor. The Congress heir apparent promised to transform UP into a developed state in five years if voted to power. He said that people of UP have tried BJP, BSP and SP in last 22 years, now it should give a chance to Congress.Meanwhile, BSP state president Swami Prasad Maurya rubbishes all the allegations leveled by Rahul against Mayawati and the BSP government in the state. He said that the Congress ruled UP for 40 years but did nothing for the development and welfare of the people. The process started only after Mayawati took over as chief minister and in last five years she has done a lot for the state despite non-cooperation of the Centre.Maurya said that the BSP government asked packages for development of backward areas of Bundelkhand and east UP but the demand was not met by the Congress led UPA government. He said that BSP expelled Kushwaha because of corruption but first Congress used him against Mayawati and now BJP is using him. He said that Kushwaha is in BJP because his deal with Congress could not materialise. He also said that before pointing fingers at BSP government, Rahul should look into the scams and corruption in UPA II regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11407872", "title": "Arudhara darshan at Ramnad temple takes place", "text": "MADURAI: The annual removal of sandal paste from the emerald idol of Nataraja at Utharagoshamangai temple in Ramanathapuram took place on Saturday.This temple of Sri Mangalanatha Swamy in Uthragoshamangai situated about 12 km away from Ramanathapuram, is one of the most ancient temples of the region, dating back to more than 2,000 years.Devotees from across the globe come to this temple to see the unique Nataraja statue, which is made of a single emerald stone and is about six feet tall.Though the shrine attracts a large crowd of devotees everyday of the year, during the festival of Arudhra Darshan in the month of Margazhi, lakhs of devotees from all over Tamil Nadu and parts of the country, gather here for a darshan of the emerald deity sans its sandalwood coating. The idol is covered with sandalwood paste throughout the year and according to temple sources, the stone is so delicate that devotees are warned against making noise while going near the statue, in fear that it may crack.This year, the festival began about a week ago and poojas were performed twice a day to the deity. The ritual of removing the sandalwood paste off this idol took place at around 10 am on Saturday after which special poojas were performed for the deity. The sandalwood from the old covering was distributed as prasad to devotees. The emerald idol can be witnessed in its original form only on this day, before it is covered again with freshly ground sandalwood paste early in the morning on Sunday.People have been warned against buying fake sandalwood paste from touts who are trying to make a quick buck by selling fake substances as prasad to eager devotees. The dried pieces of sandalwood paste are in great demand among devotees as it is believed to possess medicinal properties as it covers the emerald idol throughout the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11407943", "title": "Poachers still active in Kaziranga: Intel reports", "text": "JORHAT: According to intelligence sources, a group of rhino poachers are still active in the northern side of the Kaziranga national park and are attempting to kill another rhino after successfully killing three rhinos in the last 20 days. The group is currently taking shelter in the Gohpur area, bordering the park in Sonitpur district.''They have already killed three rhinos in three separate locations adjacent to the northern boundary of the Kaziranga park. They seem to be waiting for a rhino to stray outside the park boundary,'' said a forest officer, engaged in the anti-poaching operation.He said, ''The poacher's group is very strong and well-equipped with arms and ammunitions. It comprises five persons, including two Nagas.''''Some locals help the poachers to carry on their activities by offering shelter to them. We have information that they are taking shelter at the sapori areas on the bank of the river Brahmaputra for the last couple of days. We have launched an operation to catch them but they manage to escape as they keep changing their shelters to keep themselves safe from forest guards,'' he added.Divisional forest officer (Sonitpur East), Aniruddha Dey confirmed that there were specific inputs about the group.\"We have identified the poachers involved in the killing of two rhinos within a week in the fringe areas of the banks of the river Brahmaputra. They were taking shelter in the sapori areas. But when we raided the sapories, they managed to escape,'' said Rajen Choudhary, divisional forest officer (Golaghat), who led the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11415508", "title": "First phase of UP elections on Feb 8", "text": "LUCKNOW: The first phase of Uttar Pradesh's assembly election will be held on 8 February. The decision comes in the wake of Barawafat celebrations, the birth anniversary of Prophet Mohammad, which is to be observed on 4 February.In UP, 60 constituencies in districts Pilbhit, Rampur, Bareilly, Kheri, Shahjahanpur, Badaun, Moradabad, Bijnor, Bhim Nagar and Jyotiba Phule Nagar were to go to polls on 4 February. After several political parties, especially in Bareilly, gave written undertakings to the Election Commission and requested for a change in polling dates, the Election Commission took the decision to defer to the polling dates to 8 February. An Election Commission official confirmed, ``There were concerns people would not be able to come out to exercise their franchise if the polls were held on 4 February, on account of Barawafat celebrations. After examining the merits of this argument, the Election Commission has decided to postpone the polling date of the first phase.'' A formal order in this regard, along with the new date of polling, is to be issued by the EC later on Sunday.Assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh are to be held in a seven-phase manner, between February 4 and 28. With the change in dates, the polling will now be held between February 8 and 28.The Commission has also decided that the notification for the 60 ACs going for poll on 4 February, 2012 shall not be issued on 10 January, 2012, as scheduled. Accordingly, the Election Commission has also requested Governor of Uttar Pradesh, BL Joshi, to not to issue any notification for the first Phase on 10 January, 2012. Nomination to the first phase will now be notified on 12 February, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11408538", "title": "72 murder cases solved last year : SP", "text": "BELGAUM: Belgaum police has gone tech-friendly and have installed new softwares with the help of which they can update crimes happening in the district on a daily basis. \"This is aimed at strengthening the department technology-wise,\" said SP Sandeep Patil addressing mediapersons on the performance of the department in 2011 on Thursday. Belgaum police have arrested as many as 616 persons wanted in different cases under Goonda Act and solved 72 murder cases of the 127 registered last year.\"In other 55 murder cases, we have made arrests and I hope that we will solve the cases soon,\" he said. Police have recovered stolen material worth Rs 15.50 crore including gold worth Rs 9,60 crore seized from Sambra Airport recently. Apart from this, traffic police have collected Rs 1.23 crore as fine from traffic violators and registered over 75,000 cases. The SP also said that to make the department people-friendly, police had introduced programmes like Janata Darshan, Traffic Facebook and Student Association for Road Sefty (SARS).\"All programmes have received overwhelming response from the public,\" he added. He informed that the state government had sanctioned a new police station near Suvarna Vidhana Soudha in the last week of December. \"Proposal to open traffic police stations in Chikkodi (Rural), Harugeri and Athani, and to upgrade police outstations in Yaksamba, Rani Channamma University and Kittur has been sent to the government. Works of an open air theater for conducting entertainment programmes for the armed reserve police is under progress in the district,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11408358", "title": "No proof against Chandy in Palmolein case: Vigilance report", "text": "THRISSUR: The vigilance report submitted in the Thrissur Vigilance Court says that there is no evidence against chief minister Oommen Chandy in the palmolein import case. The 90-page probe report was submitted by vigilance superintendent of police V N Sasidharan on Saturday.The palmolein case was shifted to the Thrissur Vigilance Court in October at the meeting of high court judges. The decision in that regard was taken in the wake of Thiruvananthapuram Vigilance Court judge P K Haneef's letter to the high court seeking his exemption from the hearing of the case.Thrissur Vigilance Court judge V Bhaskaran will examine the report. The deal is alleged to have caused a loss of Rs 2.32 crore to the state exchequer. The decision to import 32,000 tonnes of palmolein from Malaysia was taken in 1991 when K Karunankaran was the chief minister. Oommen Chandy was the finance minister at that time.Along with this case, the contempt of court case against chief whip P C George was also shifted to the Thrissur Vigilance Court.The case against George is that he insulted judge P K Haneef.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11402272", "title": "Ranveer is super talented: Ranbir", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor is undoubtedly the smartest youngsters we have in Hindi films today.Not only is Ranbir a terrific actor but also someone who's good at encouraging his contemporaries.Though Ranbir is doing great professionally, Ranveer and Imran come close as competitors and that hasn't stopped Ranbir from appreciating either of the two.When Ranveer debuted with Band Baaja Baaraat, instant comparisons were made with Ranbir. Their 'names' were similar and so was the acting capability.Ranbir feels, Ranveer is super talented. We've heard the Kapoor junior admires Ranveer's work and looks forward to seeing on screen.\"Ranveer on his end has admitted that he is not as good looking as Ranbir and loves the latter's work too.Do we see another close friendship happening here?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11415667", "title": "BJP to launch Parivartan Padyatra in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The BJP today decided to launch a ten-day Parivartan Padyatra beginning January 10 in assembly segments in Uttar Pradesh going to polls in the first two phases.\"The party has decided to organise Padyatra programme between January 10 and 20. It will be kicked off by state party chief Surya Pratap Shahi,\" BJP vice-president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.He said under the programme, a three-day foot march would be organised in every assembly segment.Senior party leaders would launch an aggressive campaign after January 20, Naqvi said.\"L K Advani, Nitin Gadkari , Sushma Swaraj , Arun Jaitley , M M Joshi, Rajnath Singh , Kalraj Mishra and Narendra Modi will address rallies, meetings and roadshows,\" he said. PTI AVA ASR", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11414335", "title": "28 yrs on, no relief for army man\u2019s widow", "text": "PATNA: Poor Tusia Devi is running from pillar to post for the last 28 years. This 53-year-old widow of an army signalman, Mahendra Kumar Sharma, is seeking financial assistance and a plot of land as per the policy of Bihar government, but to no avail so far.Sharma laid down his life while fighting the road robbers who attacked the state transport bus he was travelling in on January 27, 1984, near Jehangirpur village in Jehanabad district. Before dying, he saved the lives of 40 passengers, including 16 schoolchildren.A year later, the President conferred 'Shaurya Chakra' to Sharma posthumously for his act of gallantry. The army sanctioned his widow a pension. The then army chief, General A S Vaidya , in his condolence message sent to her, said, \"Your husband's gallantry will always be remembered.\" But in no time, it appears, everybody forgot his sacrifice.Since then, Tusia is fighting a battle for survival. She has approached the President, prime minister, defence minister, army chief and chief minister to get her dues, but without any result. Though she is not a war widow, she was awarded the status of `Veer Nari', who fought odds to raise his two children, who is supposed to get liberalized family pension from the army.On her request for financial assistance, the director of Army Welfare Directorate under the state home department wrote to her that in 1985, there had been no provision for annuity payment to kin of Shaurya Chakra awardee. Tusia, who lives at Kinjar in Arwal district, said, \"The state government's refusal to pay me annuity was unjust.\"Finally, Tusia approached the State Information Commission (SIC) late last year. The SIC lashed at authorities for their dilly dallying attitude towards a 'Veer Nari'. \"The incident goes back to 1984 and since then correspondence was being made ... It seems that correspondence will continue even after her death. This is the limit of insensitivity of the officials,\" reacted information commissioner Farzand Ahmed.While seeking a report from the principal secretary, home, and forwarding a copy of his order to CM Nitish Kumar , Ahmed directed the information officer of Army Welfare Directorate to report back within a fortnight about the moves initiated for granting financial assistance and a plot of land to Tusia Devi. \"If he fails to comply with the order within 15 days, he will have to pay a fine of Rs 50,000 from his pocket to the widow,\" Ahmad wrote in his order. The next hearing will be held on February 2.Meanwhile, OIC of the Records Signals, Brig C Mani last week wrote a letter to education minister P K Shahi on financial help to her. \"The widow is entitled for five acres of agricultural land and 12.5 decimal land for house construction. I request you to take action for allotment of land as per the laid down policy by Bihar government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406899", "title": "Birla group plans sports city", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Yash Birla group has submitted a proposal to the state government for the setting up of an international-standard sports city in the state. Group representatives met CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy and promised to bring in an investment of Rs 13,000 crore for the proposed project.The sports city will have all kinds of sports infrastructure along with a manufacturing centre and a wellness centre. At the facility, local sporting talent will be developed to match international standards. For the project, the group wanted 450 acres of land near any international airport and another 250 acres for the wellness centre.\"The land earmarked for the Lepakshi knowledge hub near Anantapur is anyway vacant and, what's more, it is also close to Bangalore airport. We may consider the site for the project,\" said government sources. If the group agrees to this, the agreement will be signed at the Partnership Summit that starts on January 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11408826", "title": "Over 30 KRV members held", "text": "MANDYA: Mandya police arrested over 30 activists of Karnataka Raksana Vedike (KRV) when they attempted to stop Tipu Express Train at Mandya Railway Station on Saturday. They wanted to protest against the Union government's delay in amending article 371 of the constitution to accord special status to Hyderabad-Karnataka region.Raising slogans against the Union government, the protesters led by KRV district unit president H D Jayaram attempted to enter the railway station premises. However police who outnumbered the activist foiled their attempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408840", "title": "Sangh has hand in Pak flag issue: MP", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore MP A H Vishwanath on Saturday urged chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda to disclose the names and motive of people and organizations who conspired and instigated youths to hoist the Pakistan flag in Sindagi. At a press meet, he said police did a commendable job by arresting the culprits within hours after the incident, and they would know who instigated the students. \"It is not a big job for the police to find out the conspirators, but they are suppressing the facts mostly at the behest of BJP leaders and government,\" he suspected, adding that now the chief minister should reveal the names.Criticizing the chief minister, home minister and district minister Murugesh Nirani for not visiting the town, Vishwanath said the incident did not take place without the role of Sangh Parivar. \"When incidents of Malegoan bomb blast or Amritsar train fire are afresh in the minds of people, it's not a tough job to crack the names of conspirators,\" he reasoned out. He added, \"Members of Sangh Parivar are known for spreading hatred in the society and disturbing peace.\" \"Sindagi incident is a lesson and message for parents and children in the state who either keep quiet or make their children join such communal organizations,\" he said, appealing to parents to keep tabs on their children. Vishwanath, known for his anti-Deve Gowda rhetoric, urged the CM to be careful about Gowda who is known for playing politics.Why did Deve Gowda attend a dinner party hosted by Sadananda Gowda but fail to attend any dinner meetings summoned by Yeddyurappa? he asked.When asked on JD(S) remaining neutral in MLC election contested by the CM, Vishwanth replied : \"There may be a secret deal between the CM and Deve Gowda, which the former should reveal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11408823", "title": "\u2018This city\u2019s audience knows its music well\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Fans of Shaan take pleasure in humming his remixed versions of 'Roop Tera Mastana' and 'Dil Kya Kare', irrespective of the years that have gone by since they were released; his single 'Tanha Dil' continues to cast a similar spell on listeners.His aplomb as a television show host is unmatched and the versatile singer can handle his musical skills with dexterity. So his performance is bound to make deep impact on his audience when he performs at Amanora Park Town on Sunday, the second day of The Times Pune Festival.The singer can hardly wait to sing before Pune's music aficionados. \"I have performed in Pune four times during the last two months and look forward to performing here once again. This city's audience is very receptive, knows its music well and enjoys different genres thoroughly,\" he said.His days of anchoring musical reality TV shows are long over, but he admits that the experience was worth it. \"I forayed into anchoring almost by accident. Initially, I was terrible at it. I hosted one show after which the channel shut down. I am not too sure if I was responsible for it,\" he said in jest.However, Shaan acknowledges that hosting Sa Re Ga Ma Pa, a popular television reality show, helped him improve his Hindi. \"I was not that good with Hindi. Sa Re Ga Ma Pa improved my Hindi speaking skills considerably. It also instilled in me the confidence I needed to do live shows,\" he said. But once the teething problems were dealt with, Shaan metamorphosed into one of the most formidable anchors in the country. \"People liked my natural attitude as a host,\" he added.Shaan dislikes differentiating, comparing and choosing between singing remixes, cover versions and composing original songs. \"Remixing someone else's song is singing too. I have to make a song contemporary if it is to be remixed. For originals, I have to live the song and get into its energy. One cannot compare both processes, for both require the art of singing,\" he said.He is also a witness to present-day music, with machines and auto-tuning software that make every singer sound perfect. \"One does not need the requisite vocal skills to become a singer now-a-days, because I see a lot of music being churned out where the sound is processed and artificial. New, but extremely talented singers are being disregarded because they sound too conventional. Those who call the shots seek something different and unconventional in a bid to bring novelty in playback singing. They wanted singers whose voice is processed with the help of software. This is almost like compromising the soul of a song, and distorting its natural feel. I am concerned about the new generation of singers,\" he said.He wears all his accomplishments lightly, saying that inspiration comes from what he has experienced in the past. \"I have pushed myself as a versatile singer. I try to get into the soul of the song. At times, the song dictates to me what it must sound like. I draw inspiration from what I have seen in the past,\" he said.TODAY BOLLYWOOD DHAMAKAShaan (Bollywood) Amanora Park Town 7 pm(Complimentary invites available on a first-come-first basis at The Times of India office, Fergusson College Road, between 10 am and 5 pm)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11406958", "title": "Board students overburdened", "text": "KANPUR: Even after the extension of winter vacations in schools, the parents are a worried lot. The district administration had ordered to close schools only up to class VIII, while the secondary and senior secondary students are still braving it out.Most schools have cancelled the winter vacations to compensate the academic loss. Many parents were disappointed as they have to cancel the holiday plans. Many felt this is the time of the year that they get time for a family get-together. For others, the biggest worry is how to attend marriages.Some schools are not sure whether to cancel the winter breaks or continue the classes. Parents, whose one kid is in Class X or XII and one in lower classes are also unable to plan for holiday.Most private schools are conducting regular classes during the winter vacation, especially for the students of secondary and higher secondary schools.Geeta Jyoti, principal, Virendra Swaroop Education Center said: \"It's a very crucial period for board students. We have to prepare them for pre-boards examinations and practical, both scheduled for January.\"\"For the first time we did not close our school for winter vacations. This was necessary to save the academic calendar,\" said K Chandra, principal of SR School.Though the boards student are worried about the examinations, but going to school in chilling winters is troubling them. The senior students are overburdened these days.\"I didn't go anywhere. I had planned to visit my aunt's place in Mumbai but it seems that I'll be studying,\" said Neha, a student of Class X in Virendra Swaroop Education Center.Aniket of KDMA Public School is in favour of classes during the vacation. He said: \"We had enough holidays due to annual function and festivals. It is better that we should have classes.\"According to most of the students, the school and then coaching classes are overburdening them.\"From morning to evening we are in school. The rest of the time is spent in coaching classes. Only late at night we get time to revise,\" said Kartikeya, a student of class XII in Kendriya Vidyalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406787", "title": "CBI quizzes Nimmagadda", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI authorities investigating the Jaganmohan Reddy assets case Saturday summoned Nimmagadda Prasad (Matrix Prasad) of Vanpic port project and grilled him on his role as an agent of Ras Al Khaima emirate.Although the project, for building of two ports in Guntur and Prakasam districts, is yet to take off, the state government had, it has been alleged, long back facilitated the transfer of more than 15,000 acres to private players. Some of that land was illegally transferred to project developers and several cases were filed over the wholesale transfer of land. Prasad made investments in Sakshi newspaper and that is being seen as the quid pro quo deal that is the crux of the Jagan assets case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11407170", "title": "19.98 lakh voters finalized in the city", "text": "NAGPUR: The district administration has finalized the number of voters in the city and the district after an exercise of several months.The number of voters in the city is 19,98,402 while the corresponding figure for zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti elections is 16,71,188. There are total 36,69,590 voters in the district. The number of voters in the district for 2009 assembly elections was 35,14,032.There were total 87,382 inclusions to the October 10 voter list for the district while the number of deletions were 27,957. Thus total 43,919 voters were added to the district voter list. The number of additions in city voters list is 27,150. Name of voters are deleted due to death, duplication and change in location.District administration officials said that the increase in number of voters in one year was around 2%, which was the normal figure. The number of voters in Umred assembly constituency has reduced by 32 while the maximum increase is in Saoner at 10,181. The minimum number of deletions is in Central Nagpur constituency at 7 while the maximum is in Ramtek at 5,646.Meanwhile, the State Election Commission (SEC) has appointed thirteen returning and assistant returning officers, one each for thirteen talukas of rural areas of the district. The returning officers are of the rank of sub-divisional officers (SDOs) and deputy collectors. Ten of them are from Nagpur district while one is from Bhandara district. The assistant returning officers are the tehsildars of respective talukas.Officials further said that the primary voters' list for ZP and PS polls will be published on January 9. It will be displayed at all the thirteen tehsil offices and voters' could raise objections on it till January 13. The final list would be published on January 17.They further said that they were calculating the requirement of electronic voting machines (EVMs) and number of polling booths. \"The number of voters has increased so we will have to calculate it as the increased number. We will determine it early next week.\"Meanwhile, the district administration has organized a workshop for government employees on election duty on Monday. The tehsildars have been asked to send communication to political parties on code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407805", "title": "Cong free to leave coalition: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Facing all-round criticism and Congress-stoked political protests over the involvement of her party's student activists in campus violence, chief minister Mamata Banerjee fought fire with fire on Saturday, telling the alliance partner in a blunt counterattack it was free to leave the coalition. She also wondered if Congress's aggression was a result of Trinamool Congress's decision to contest the assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh and Manipur.While she blamed the violence at Raiganj College and the attack on its principal on a \"joint CPM-Congress conspiracy\", she also lamented an administrative handicap inherited from the Left - a \"politicized and inefficient bureaucracy\" - to argue her case. Her remarks against Congress, and a reiteration of the \"working-with-CPM\" line she had taken during protests over the proposed renaming of Indira Bhavan, indicated her patience with the ally was fast running out.\"Congress is free to pull out if it decides to work together with CPM. Trinamool Congress won't be with it if this continues. Our doors are open,\" the chief minister said at Writers' Buildings, invoking the Nandigram and Singur movements to say her party had the strength to face any challenge. She termed the Raiganj incident \"unfortunate\", but said Trinamool Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) activists had been caught in a trap. \"Congress laid a trap for the last four days,\" she said. \"Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters were being confined in Raiganj College and tortured for four days to stop them from filing nominations for the union elections. This has been the culture in Bengal for the last 34 years. This is how SFI established its hegemony in colleges. It is part of a joint conspiracy of Congress and CPM. Huge money has been spent.\"Mamata didn't spare the college administration either. \"The college authorities didn't act impartially. Trinamool leaders went to rescue the TMCP supporters. The officer-in-charge (OC) also didn't act. We have removed the OC ,\" she said.Congress, she added, was trying to \"build a mountain out of a molehill\" because Trinamool Congress has opposed hiking the price of petrol, retail FDI and the Lokpal bill after the Lokayukta clause was incorporated. \"You are all aware that coal prices have been hiked by 25%, which will have a bearing on electricity tariff.I have been opposing it, but can't do it alone. Trinamool Congress is in power with the support of the people of Bengal. The party can't be belittled by (Congress) conspiring with CPM,\" Mamata said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11408130", "title": "Govt rejects plea of Red leader\u2019s wife", "text": "HAZARIBAG: State home secretary J BTubid has rejected the petition filed by Bellapu Anuradha, the wife of Ravi Sharma, a central committee member of the Bihar Jharkhand region of the CPI (Maoist) currently lodged in the Hazaribag Central jail since November 2009.The petitioner had submitted before the government that she has been wrongly implicated in various cases branding her as a leader of the Maoist involved in terrorist activities, collection of levy, attacking police establishment and involved in anti-national activities. She alleged that police were involved in malicious activities to keep her in jail . She also cited lacunae in case diaries registered against her.Tubid in his order stated, \"I have perused the records and report of the SP Hazaribag. The impugned order of the district magistrate, Hazaribag rests on four cases (Ichak PS Case no-164/9,dated 13 1009, and three cases of Vishnugar PS-case no57/08, 58/08 and case no 143/08 dated 27.09.08) which is registered under various sections of IPC, Arms Act, Explosive Substance Act and are of serious nature. The DM in his order has mentioned that it is difficult to contain the activities of Anuradha and is a fit case for putting her behind bars under section of the Jharkhand Crime Control Act,2002.\"Tubid said Anuradha in her petition said she was a democratic rights activists and also the secretary of Andhra Pradesh Chaitanya Mahila Samakhya and of the editorial board of Mahila Maargam, a registerd magazine in Telugu.After going through the contents of her appeal petition the home secretary observed, \"I have obtained report about this organization and found that it is a frontal organization of the CPI (Maoist) which is banned in Andhra Pradesh and Jharkhand and involved in anti-national activities.The police report submitted by the DSP (headquarters) Hazaribag has deliberated the activities of Ms Bellapu Anuradha and therefore I find no infirmities in the order of the DM, Hazaribag and found the case in sound footing. I therefore find no merit in the appeal petition which hereby is rejected.\"Both Anuradha and her husband were arrested by the Hazaribag police at Ichak More on NH-33.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11407905", "title": "Filmmaker's harassment plea dismissed", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of Madras high court has dismissed a plea of Malayalam cinema producer K P Shaju, to order a CBI probe into his alleged harassment at the hands of S Sreejith, an IPS officer of Kerala cadre, with the connivance of P Balasubramanian, then commissioner of police, Madurai city.Shaju claimed that he and Sreejith, DIG crime branch, were close friends and had produced two movies in Malayalam. Sreejith had written the storyline for one film 'Out of Syllabus' and he was the creative consultant of another film 'Suryakereedom'.Shaju submitted that owing to financial matters, the relationship between him and Sreejith turned sour. Thereafter Sreejith, using his powers, started to harass him in many ways. He said that on 28 November 2010, he was arrested at Cochin by the central crime branch, Madurai, at the instigation of Sreejith and upon instructions from then Madurai commissioner of police Balasubramanian, in a false cheque bounce case alleging cheating and breach of trust, on a complaint by one R Kumar. He was granted bail and then moved the present petition on February 2011 seeking a CBI probe into the arrest.He said he was assaulted at the instance of Sreejith against whom proceedings were initiated before the courts in Kerala. He said in case a complaint was investigated by the local police, he would not get justice in view of the influence exerted by Sreejith. He would further submit that there were paper reports indicating that the third respondent was involved in various financial dealings outside the purview of his duties and as such, any investigation conducted in Kerala or Tamil Nadu by the local police would not give any result. Therefore, the matter should be investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation, Shaju claimed.Dismissing the petition as a case was not made out, Justice K K Sasidharan pointed out that the affidavit filed in support of the writ petition contained details about various cases involving Sreejith and others. Those details give a clear indication that the petitioner was also aggrieved by certain actions of Sreejith. Declining to order a CBI probe, the judge pointed out that Shaju had already moved the magistrate court at Kerala and a crime case was registered before the Palarivattom Police Station against the police. He now admitted that a writ petition was also filed before the high court of Kerala.When the incident in question happened within the territorial jurisdiction of the Kerala high court and in the light of the complaint already preferred by the petitioner before the magistrate court and a writ petition initiated before the high court of Kerala, he cannot be permitted to take parallel actions before this court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406936", "title": "No deal yet with NCP, but Congress gives 5 more seats", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as there was no consensus on the seat-sharing between the Congress and NCP for the upcoming BMC polls, the negotiations did make progress on Saturday with the Congress agreeing to part with 55 instead of 50 seats.\"We are still negotiating on the sharing of seats. We are meeting senior Congress leaders on Sunday. Our demand is that of the 227 seats, the Congress should give 65 to the NCP,\" Narendra Verma, Mumbai NCP president, told TOI on Saturday. \"In fact, during the 2007 polls the Congress had agreed to that number of seats. So we feel the Congress should give in to our demand.\"Verma said that from 2007 to 2012, there has been a drastic change in the political scenario, especially after the victory of the NCP nominee, Sanjay Dina Patil, from the Mumbai Northeast parliamentary constituency. \"We feel that from 2007 to now, the NCP's strength in Mumbai has been enhanced to a great extent. The Congress must consider this,\" Verma said.State Congress president Manikrao Thakre and Mumbai Congress president Kripashankar Singh met with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on the negotiations between the allies and Congress MP Gurudas Kamat's proposal that there should be no alliance between the two. \"We did discuss Kamat's letter to Congress president Sonia Gandhi , but it was felt that since the Congress has decided in principle to contest the polls with the NCP, it would be inappropriate to consider his proposal,'' said a senior Congress leader.When the negotiations began on January 4, the Congress insisted on contesting 193 seats and offering 34 to the NCP. In the past four days, the Congress agreed to enhance the NCP's share from 34 to 44 seats, then from 44 to 50, and now from 50 to 55. \"We are keen on an alliance with the NCP, since we are of the view that unless there is an alliance it will be difficult to dislodge the saffron combine from the BMC. Under such circumstances, we feel the NCP's demand should be reasonable,\" he said.The Congress leader said that if a consensus is not reached on Sunday, Chavan would knock on the doors of NCP president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar for an amicable settlement. \"We feel that the NCP should reduce its demand,\" he said.Senior leaders in both parties made it clear on Saturday that if there was no agreement, the parties would contest separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11407916", "title": "No signs of danger from mining: Lanong", "text": "SHILLONG: Following media reports of cracks and crevasses appearing in the Sohkynphor village market place due to rampant mining of limestone, the deputy chief minister-in-charge of mining, Bindo M Lanong visited the area along with a high level team of officials to ascertain the veracity of the reports.He stated that there were no 'visible signs' of danger to Sohkynphor village in the Jaintia Hills district of the state from mining activities in the area.\"We did find some cracks but those have already been sealed by the 'dorbar shnong' (village council),\" Lanong told reporters. He informed that the team, led by him also visited the shafts used by miners and found 'everything in order'.\"The matter ends here since the villagers have not expressed any need for government intervention. Moreover, the structures that were found to be tilting or in precarious condition were those that were improperly constructed,\" he contended.The deputy CM also informed that the 'dorbar shnong' had issued standing instructions disallowing mining in the village area and on roadsides in 1998. \"We have been informed that there has been no violation of the diktat till date,\" Lanong said.The deputy CM was accompanied by principal secretary (mining), J Prakash, senior officials of the forest department and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) as well as Jaintia Hills deputy commissioner, T Dkhar.The 'rampant degradation' of the environment in Jaintia Hills perpetrated by cement plants, had recently prompted the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) to seek intervention of the Supreme Court to stop exploitation of limestone resources in the forest areas.Meghalaya has an inferred reserve of more than 4,000 million tonnes of limestone and the proven reserves are more than 500 million tones.In the Jaintia Hills alone, an estimated 11, 49.85 million tonnes of limestone are available. Eight cement companies mine the rich quality limestone out of this reserve, mainly available at the Nongkhlieh ridge and Lumshnong areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406911", "title": "Drive safely, exhorts SSP", "text": "PATNA: Patna Senior SP (SSP) Alok Kumar on Saturday urged Patnaites to drive safely to ensure the safety of lives of others.Addressing the concluding function of Road Safety Week at Kargil Chowk here, the SSP said that everybody should follow traffic rules. \"Never indulge in rash driving and never drive in a drunken state as one should be risking his own life as well as that of others,\" he said, adding that vehicle drivers should either use indicator or indicate by hand while turning.He said that road mishaps often take place due to overtaking by vehicle drivers. He urged people to drive patiently. \"Rarely does road mishap take place due to brake failure,\" he claimed and added that even pedestrians should follow traffic rules for their own safety. He urged pedestrians to use Zebra line while crossing any road.The SSP said that about 80,000 people die in road mishaps every year in India. He stressed on the need of creating awareness among people about traffic norms. \"People, particularly two-wheeler drivers, start criticizing Patna Police when traffic constables fine them for not using helmets. We do this for their own safety,\" he said.City SP Kim, who also holds the additional charge of Traffic SP, said she would visit different city schools to create awareness about traffic norms among students.A large number of NCC cadets carrying placards with slogans like 'Stick to your lane, do not overtake', 'Better to reach late than never' took out a march around Kargil Chowk and Gandhi Maidan to create awareness among people. Later, a nukkad natak (street play) was also organized on traffic norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11408438", "title": "BJP to \u2018expose\u2019 Congress, ahead of its agitation", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to outsmart the Congress, BJP leaders are expected to fan out to districts on January 8 to highlight the Congress-led UPA government's alleged discrimination against the state.The ruling party leaders and ministers will reach out to people to highlight the centre's \"bid to stall\" state's development and \"expose\" the Congress. The move is an attempt by the BJP to blunt the Congress statewide jail bharo agitation on January 9, sources said.The BJP government will circulate a 3-page note in all 50 districts, listing instances of non-cooperation from the UPA government.Pointing out that the centre did not take concrete action to ensure adequate supply of fertilizers to the state during rabi and kharif seasons, the note said the centre supplied only 3.40 lakh MT against the state's demand for 4.85 lakh MT of fertilizer during the current rabi season.Similarly, demand for potash was 90,000 MT but it sanctioned 42,000 MT and released only 22,000 MT of potash. Complex fertilizer and urea allocation were also much less than the actual demand, putting farmers in trouble, it added.Accusing the centre of discriminating the state in coal allocation, the BJP would focus on less allocation to Virsinghpur, Sarni and Amarkantak thermal power stations. Despite being a coal producing state, the state has to import coal from other countries due to non-allocation of coal to run its own thermal power plants. Besides, the coal ministry is yet to provide linkages to 1500 MW Shahpura thermal power plant, according to the note.The BJP would also like to heap blame on the centre for the poor power scene. The note pointed out that reduction in allocation of power from central generating sector and delay in implementation of Amarkantak thermal power units were also adding to the state's power crisis. It blamed the centre for not providing adequate assistance to the state to deal with drought, which had hit 37 districts including Bundelkhand region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11407894", "title": "HC evolves plan to enhance security in Madurai bench", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has evolved a plan to enhance its security measure, on the lines of the principal bench of the Madras high court.Sources said the new plan was evolved in a recent meeting of judges and registrars of the Madurai bench, police officers, revenue and PWD officers. The plan would be sent to the administrative committee of the Madras high court for further approval. The state government has already allocated funds to the tune of Rs 84 lakh for the security measures.Five metal detectors were procured and it would be put in place at important points of the high court building. It was also proposed to set up closed circuit monitoring units and watch towers at crucial vantage points of the campus.In addition to the present strength of police personnel, additional police forces would be deployed in the court campus. The security measures are expected to be put in place shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407496", "title": "NRHM scam: PSU MD lands in CBI dragnet", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Saturday arrested managing director of a public sector undertaking (PSU) from Lucknow in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam in Uttar Pradesh.G K Batra, managing director of Shreetron India, a PSU, was given the contract to procure computers. So far, five people have been arrested in the scam.Earlier, former family welfare director-general S P Ram, Uttar Pradesh Small Industries Corporation Ltd managing director Abhay Kumar Bajpai, owner of Guru Kripa Saurabh Jain and former general manager of Jal Nigam P K Jain were arrested. CBI sleuths found 3 kg gold and Rs 1.1 crore cash from Jain's house.CBI sources said Ram and the other accused allegedly awarded the contract for purchasing medical equipment in a pre-decided manner to Guru Kripa. The contract caused a loss of Rs 1.5 crore to the state exchequer. The CBI also questioned another former DG family welfare, R R Bharti, in New Delhi.At its Lucknow office, the CBI examined G K Batra, managing director of Shreetron India, a PSU which was given the contract for procurement of computers. The owners of Radhey Shyam Enterprise and Axis Marketing, Virender Goyal and Neeraj Upadhayay respectively, were also questioned.The two are alleged to have received the money from Shreetron for purchase of computers which resulted in a loss of Rs 2.93 crore to the government in the scheme. The CBI had filed a separate FIR in this connection.Batra was produced at the court of CBI Judge Rekha Dixit, who sent him on three-day CBI remand till January 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11406437", "title": "UP Polls: Election Commission wants UP DGP, home secretary removed", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission (EC) late on Saturday directed the UP government to remove director-general (DGP) of police Brij Lal and principal secretary home Fateh Bahadur Singh. Brij Lal and Singh were replaced by Atul Kumar and Manjit Singh. Opposition parties had demanded the removal of the officers to ensure free and fair elections.The BSP called the removal of the two officers belonging to scheduled castes as \"an insult to the dalit community\".BSP general secretary Satish Chandra Mishra announced the EC order to remove the officers. When contacted, UP Chief Electoral Officer Umesh Sinha, said he has not received any official communique from the EC or the government about the transfers. Even Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) S Y Quraishi did not mention the transfers while speaking to reporters in the evening.Quraishi was on a two-day visit to Lucknow to review the election process. He said he has received complaints from opposition parties demanding removal of a number of officers whom they claimed were \"biased\".Officials have been directed to work in a free and fair manner, said Quraishi. Three hours after his press conference, Mishra informed the EC decision to transfer the DGP and the home secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11414284", "title": "Over 2.5L books in PU library have no takers", "text": "PATNA: Even as the basic laws of library science state that books are for use and that every book has its readers, books worth crores of rupees are decaying in Patna University (PU) Central Library for want of readers. More than 2.5 lakh books and journals of different subjects stacked in this 90-year-old library are seldom consulted by faculty members or students.Surprisingly enough, the library remains open round-the-clock and a number of 'scholars' do visit the library every day, but they never demand any book or journal from the library staff. They bring their own books and notebooks and read in the library. The entire library has turned into a sort of a reading hall. Sometime back, some students used to enter the library with bedrolls and sleep there comfortably during night. But, with the intervention of PU authorities, they stopped bringing bedrolls.Opening the library for 24 hours without any proper security arrangement and allowing students to take their own books and magazines inside the premises for studies pose a direct threat to the security of the valuable library material, feel the library staff. More than 50% sanctioned posts of library staff are lying vacant for the last several years.PU library professor-in-charge Jayadeo Mishra, when contacted, told TOI that books of 32 subjects costing more than Rs 10 lakh were purchased with the help of UGC grants received during the 10th Plan period. But none of these books has ever been consulted by any teacher or researcher. Besides, more than 20 reference books, including encyclopedia on science and technology, bioinformatics and management, have been purchased at an estimated cost of Rs 10 lakh, but there is no reader.The library subscribes to 60 national and international journals in different disciplines, but they remain unread. Even books on computers are gathering dust as students of BCA or MCA do not care to visit the library and consult them.The manuscripts section of the library, once considered to be a repository of rich cultural heritage, has been lying virtually defunct. The manuscripts include 1,530 in Persian, 440 in Urdu, 316 in Arabic and 2,547 in Sanskrit, Maithili and Hindi. All these manuscripts were made available to the library during the last 80 years by different researchers and scholars. This section was earlier visited by a large number of scholars of history, literature and Indology, but today hardly any scholar visits this section. Many of these valuable manuscripts have already been eaten by termites as they are kept wrapped in cloths.Of late, PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh has initiated some steps to streamline the working of this oldest academic library of the state and restore its old glory. If all goes well, the library would start reverberating with life once again, the VC hopes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11415043", "title": "Speeding Mercedes claims life of auto driver", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35-year-old auto driver was killed in south Delhi early this morning when a speeding Mercedes rammed into the three-wheeler, police said.The incident took place in Vasant Kunj at around 2:30 am and the victim has been identified as Lilit Kumar Ojha, who resided in Paharganj.Harshneet Marwah (24), who was allegedly at the wheels of the Mercedes, was returning home along with his two friends after having dinner at a restaurant in Ambiance Mall in Vasant Kunj.Marwah was allegedly speeding and hit the auto from behind, a senior police official said.The incident took place near a police picket. The policemen there rushed the auto driver to AIIMS Trauma Centre where he was declared brought dead.Marwah and his friends -- Damanjeet Singh and Prayag Raj Prem -- escaped unhurt as the airbags in the car prevented them getting any injuries. Marwah was arrested from the spot.The official claimed that they found liquor bottles in the car.Marwah was medically examined which confirmed he was under the influence of alcohol, the official claimed.A case of causing death by negligence and rash and negligent driving has been registered against Marwah.Marwah recently graduated from Delhi University . His father is a businessman dealing in real estate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11408239", "title": "Manpreet may have malignant tumour", "text": "CHANDIGARH: His strong evocative speeches quoting Urdu poets, freedom fighters and English litterateurs have endeared him to swathes of swaying supporters across Punjab and outside India, but the PPP candidate supremo Manpreet Badal might have exercised his vocal cords a bit too much in the last few days, attracting trouble for himself, said a doctor who he visited two days ago.\"His left vocal cord has become hypertrophied (enlargement of vocal cord). But if it goes into atrophy, it might be a serious trouble for him. We cannot rule out malignancy at this stage,\" the doctor who Manpreet visited on Thursday said.Manpreet's MRI was not an indication of the damage to his vocal cords and that the report had been sent to AIIMS hospital on Friday, his doctor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11414950", "title": "Why is judiciary not acting against Musharraf in Benazir case? asks Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Irked by the tardy progress in the assassination case of his wife, Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has questioned the failure of the judiciary to take action against Pervez Musharraf despite Benazir Bhutto holding the ex-military ruler responsible if she is killed.In an interview to Geo TV, the President referred to an email his wife sent in October 2007 to US journalist Mark Siegel , a friend of the former premier , where she said that in case of her assassination Musharraf should be held responsible.\"He (Pervez Musharraf) will be responsible; he is part of the FIR. Why is the judge not taking actions against him?\" Zardari was quoted as saying in his first interview since the military and the judiciary began pressuring the government over an alleged memo to the then top US Commander to help stave off a possible military coup in the country.Asked why in his last speech in Sindh's Garhi Khuda Buksh he drew attention of the Chief Justice of Pakistan towards the murder case of Bhutto, the President said the lower judiciary, which functions under the Chief Justice, was supposed to reach a judgement in the case.Referring to the tardy prosecution of the case related to Bhutto's assassination, Zardari had told a massive gathering on her fourth death anniversary: \"I ask Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry what has happened to (Bhutto's) case? The courts are not under me.\"Zardari told Geo TV that the FIA had submitted the challans with the court and asked why four judges had been changed during the course of hearing.To a question in connection with the security to Bhutto during her Liaquat Bagh rally in Rawalpindi, Zardari gave Interior Minister Rehman Malik a clean chit, saying he was not responsible for her security.He said Bhutto's public meeting at Liaquat Bagh was organized by one personality whose name he did not want to take. \"Rehman Malik and we were against holding of this public meeting,\" he said.Bhutto was killed on December 27, 2007 after addressing a political rally in the Pakistani garrison city.Zardari said he and his children tried to stop his wife from returning to Pakistan but she could not be convinced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406266", "title": "TDP to continue \u2018Rythu Porubata\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Upbeat over the successful Warangal visit of its chief N Chandrababu Naidu, the Telugu Desam Party on Saturday announced that it would continue its fight for farmers across the state.Lamenting chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy's 'indifferent' attitude to farmers, TDP senior leader K Yerrannaidu said that the state government did not have even time to hold a review meeting to take stock of the present drought situation.\"Even as 900 of 1100 mandals have been declared as drought hit, the chief minister did not hold a review meeting on the problems faced by farmers. This is unpardonable,\" remarked Yerrannaidu.The party politburo, which met at Naidu's residence on Saturday, congratulated the party president on his courageous decision to tour Warangal and making it a grand success. All politburo members lauded Naidu's commitment to farmers and their issues and observed that the tour had a morale boosting effect on the cadre in the Telangana region. The politburo thanked Telangana people for making the 'Rythu Porubata' a success.Balakrishna ready to enter poll frayA day after 'winning' the battle in Telangana, TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu has been put on notice: This time from within the family. Naidu's 'sambandhi' and film star, Nandamuri Balakrishna aka Balaiah, has declared that he will be contesting the next assembly elections.Balakrishna said that he is ready to contest the election from any of the regions in the state as he has a wide following in all the three regions. Speaking to reporters during his visit to Vijayawada on Saturday, Balakrishna made it clear that he has made up his mind to enter direct politics in the next general elections. \"I am going to contest the next election. A decision on where to contest from will be decided by the party leadership,\" Balakrishna quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11407814", "title": "Women's panel admits 'raped' teen into hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 19-year-old woman on Saturday approached the State Commission for Women alleging police inaction into the alleged rape and murder attempt on her.Her family members said she fears for her life. She was allegedly raped for being a court witness in a similar crime.The woman from Arjanguda village within Pipli police limits was allegedly found naked and unconscious by passersby on November 28 minutes after she went to attend nature's call. \"We had taken her to Capital Hospital and from there to SCB Medical College and Hospital after that. But we had to leave the hospital after a few days as we could not afford the treatment. She is still critically ill,\" said the victim's father.After the family approached the SCW on Saturday, the SCW arranged to shift her to hospital again on Saturday. \"The woman was critical and needed medical help. We first took her to Capital Hospital. But she can't get psychological and neurological help here. That is why on medical advice, she was referred to SCB Medical College and Hospital,\" said Jyoti Panigrahi, chairperson of SCW, adding \"the commission will ensure that she gets justice.\"Family sources, however, said they chose not go to Cuttack again as they can't afford treatment there. Instead, they shifted her to a relative's place in Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408512", "title": "Pollution in Yamuna brings down water production by 20%", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pollution in the Yamuna curtailed on Saturday water production at the Wazirabad treatment plant that has a capacity of 120 million gallons per day.Officials said that about 20% less water was being treated at the plant that could lead to some disruption in water supply to south, central and west Delhi areas. The situation is expected to improve in a couple of days.Delhi Jal Board officials said industrial discharge ahead of Panipat in Haryana causes pollution levels to rise in the river.Normally, pollutants settle down as the flow in the Yamuna is not good. \"But in the recent rains, the pollutants got washed down and created a problem for Delhi. The Haryana government has been informed about the problem ,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11407856", "title": "HC declines to stall panchayat election", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Friday declined to stall the ensuing panchayat election preparations. The court gave the direction in response to a petition filed by one Balamukund Das of Dunguripalli, challenging the guidelines of the state election commission regarding allocation of reservation and delimitation of constituencies.The petitioner had urged the court to stall the elections scheduled in February. The petitioner cited that at least 27% of reservation has been allocated for the other backward class (OBC) category, due to which the quantum of quota for SC, ST and OBC candidates breached the 50% limit.Opposing the prayer, counsel of state election commission, Pitambar Acharya, cited that procedure for the panchayat elections have already started and it would not be proper for the high court to interfere in it. The bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra ruled in his favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11415799", "title": "Dogs' day out with their masters", "text": "VARANASI: City witnessed a very unique 'All Breed Dog Show' organised by the Banaras Club on the club's premises on Sunday. The dog show was followed by three rounds of competition in which dogs were adjudged according to their movement, sitting posture, running speed, health, friendliness, smartness and sporting ability.According to secretary of the club NP Singh, around 250 dog masters from Allahabad, Lucknow, Varanasi and other parts of eastern Uttar Pradesh participated in the event. The show enabled the denizens to witness over 25 breeds of dogs like Labrador Retriever , German Shepherd, English Mastiffs, French Mastiffs, Great Dane, Rottweiler , Rhoderian, Clumber Spaniel, Cocker Spaniel, Chinese Sher-Pei, including various watch dogs, attractive dogs, running dogs, short dogs, sporting dogs and child friendly dogs were present in the show.Giant dogs like Saint Bernard (original breed of Switzerland ), Greyhound, popular dogs like Dachshund, Dalmatians, Rampur Hound (which runs at the speed of 80 km per hour) were also present in the show.The show was exclusively for foreign breeds, price of which varied from Rs 20,000 to Rs 80,000. Apart from dog masters and participants, the show attracted huge crowd of dog lovers from the city. In the event, a German Shepherd dog ( Sultan ) of Rajesh Singh Chauhan bagged the champion's trophy while Great Dane of Sarvendra Vikram Singh and Saint Bernard of Sandeep Chaurasia were given second and third position respectively. The 11-month-old English Mastiff (Dollar) of Rajat Pathak was given the title of best puppy in the show.According to Singh, the show was organised for the third time in the city and the motive was to encourage awareness about dog keeping and maintenance and enabling denizens to witness and know about huge and rare varieties of foreign breeds of dogs which are seldom seen in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11409126", "title": "Clothes destroyed in Brigade Rd shop fire", "text": "BANGALORE: Branded clothes worth lakhs of rupees were damaged when a fire broke out in a shop on upmarket Brigade road on Saturday night. There was no loss of life.The Mufti brand outlet owned by Manish Jain in the basement of Levi's store on the intersection of Brigade Road and Church Street caught fire due to a suspected short circuit. Seven fire tenders rushed there and controlled the damage. \"The fire broke out around 11.05pm and three racks containing jeans and shirts were destroyed,\" KU Ramesh, chief fire officer, Bangalore East told STOI. The shop next to Mufti belonging to Aditya Malpani was also affected but there wasn't much damage there.Jain said the actual loss would be assessed on Sunday. Power supply to Brigade Road and its vicinity was cut off as a precautionary measure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11414293", "title": "Hazare discharged from hospital, advised a month's rest", "text": "PUNE: A week after he was admitted for chest infection, Anna Hazare was on Sunday discharged from hospital and said he will take a month's break as he was feeling weak before applying his mind to the next phase of the anti- corruption movement.\"I am all right now, but still feeling weak. I have to take a break as the doctors have advised rest for some days. I will think about it (agitation) after I am fully recovered,\" 74-year-old Hazare told reporters, who asked him about his next move on the Lokpal Bill issue.About charges of corruption being levelled against members of his team, Hazare said, \"I was not in touch with the outside world for ten days.\" He refused to answer queries in this regard.On his proposed tour of the five poll-bound states, he said, he would not be able to undertake travel for the time being as per the doctors' advice.\"It is a long drawn out battle (against corruption), which I am fighting for the last 25 years. I have to take some rest as per the doctors' advice. After I have fully recovered, I will go out,\" he added.Hazare was admitted to Sancheti hospital here on December 31, after he developed acute bronchitis , soon after the fast he undertook in Mumbai on December 27 in support of a strong Lokpal Bill. He cut short his three-day fast midway following poor public response both in Mumbai and Delhi.According to Dr K H Sancheti, Hazare has recovered well, but needed one month's rest to avoid relapse.The Gandhian drove straight to Ralegan Siddhi in Ahmednagar district after his discharge from hospital.Earlier this week, Kiran Bedi , Hazare's aide who visited him in the hospital, had made it clear that he would not be undertaking any campaign during the upcoming Assembly polls to five states as announced earlier or fast in view of the medical advice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11408424", "title": "7 years on, students wait to pass tech course", "text": "INDORE: The SGSITS College students, who had failed to clear exams in their earlier attempts, went on an indefinite strike on Saturday, two days after they protested against withholding their results.These undergraduate students have spent more than seven years in the campus, exceeding their academic period to complete the engineering degree course, and are pressing their demand for results.The SGSITS authorities consulted the vice-chancellor of Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya (RGPV) to take further decision in the matter. However, briefing the students about his talks with the vice-chancellor, director of SGSITS S S Bhadoria expressed his inability in declaring the results. Now, the university will take the final call on declaration of the results.The students said the results should be declared as the Higher Education ruling does not apply on students of SGITS, which is an autonomous institute. The guidelines of the Higher Education Department of the state say that the students who fail to clear all papers or examinations in seven years will be deemed unfit for technical education and they cannot continue in any engineering college in the state. The rules were in effect since July 2008.Abhishek Chauhan, joint secretary, ABVP said, \"We will continue to protest indefinitely. Students were given two attempts by the college authorities to pass their due papers so it should ask RGPV to declare results. Moreover, the rulings of the Higher Education Department do not apply on students, so not declaring the results is not feasible.\"The students are also waiting for a reply from the Governor to their memorandum.The Office secretary of ABVP Nimesh Pathak said, \"We are waiting for reply from the Governor. If our demand is not met we will go to court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11407998", "title": "Junior tribal official found owning assets worth Rs 10 crore", "text": "INDORE: A raid by the Lokayukta's police team on the home of an assistant engineer with the Tribal Development Department on Saturday pointed to where a big chunk of the state's spending on its acutely poverty-stricken tribals might be going.The raid yielded yielded documents showing that the junior official, earning a salary of no more than Rs 32,000, owned assets that had no bearing on his income worth Rs 10 crore.The assistant engineer, Ram Lakhan Yadav, posted to work in Chhindwara, has been involved in his department's work in Balaghat, Khandwa, Betul and Chhindwara districts. He has been employed for the last 24 years.Talking to TOI, the SP (Lokayukta) Ashok Solanki confirmed that the seized documents related to property disproportionate to Yadav's income worth at least Rs 10 crore. ,The SP said these showed Yadav owned a plush 3-storied and fully furnished building on 2800 square feet of land in Scheme 54, in his own name. Another was a duplex flat in scheme 78 and a prime plot measuring 1,000 square feet .He added that Yadav also had a 10000 square feet farm house in Nepania and a plot in Omax City. These, the SP said, were in addition to bank accounts in the name of his wife, daughter and a son in Bank of India, Axis Bank , Malwa Gramin Bank and others showing deposits worth at least Rs 7 lakh.DSP (Lokayukta) Ashok Solanki said apart from immovable assets, the sleuths have come across cash, jewellery, and other expensive articles worth Rs 10 lakh. He also owned two 4 wheelers-a Tavera and an Indica, and a two-wheeler.In a month's time, this was the third Lokayukta raid in the region. In earlier raids, one in Ujjain and another in Indore, the sleuths had stumbled upon documents of properties worth crore of rupees and seized a large quantity of gold from the possession of the raided officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407530", "title": "Vats won't spill from March, promises KMC", "text": "KOLKATA: Come March, the city's garbage disposal system will get a complete makeover. Sights of garbage spilling over from open vats will be a thing of the past, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) officials assured on Saturday.To begin with, the civic body will replace some large vats located alongside major thoroughfares with portable and moveable compactors. These compactors will be bought under the Asian Development Bank-funded Kolkata Environment Improvement Project (KEIP) project. A Rs 20-crore project has been prepared for modernization of the city's garbage disposal system, a KMC conservancy department official said. This apart, the department will buy 5,000 new fibre-glass trash bins and place them in markets and in front of highrises.Some time in August last year, governor M K Narayanan had expressed his displeasure with the city's garbage disposal system. He had asked mayor Sovan Chatterjee to explain why the civic body had not taken timely action for efficient disposal of garbage from vats. The governor's advice to modernize the city's garbage disposal system had prompted the civic body to take up a plan accordingly.Under the plan, KMC will buy 20 moveable and 15 portable compactors that will take off load from existing vats and eventually pave the way for a system sans vats, said Debabrata Majumdar, KMC's member, mayor-in-council (conservancy).\"We will handover the operation and maintenance to the agency that will supply them,\" said an official. This apart, the department will buy 20 moveable containers, each fitted to a covered vehicle that will carry garbage to Dhapa dumping ground. \"The advantage of these compactors is that it can carry four times more garbage than our existing vehicles. So, these compactors will reduce the number of vehicles that carry garbage to the dumping ground,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11408286", "title": "Get passports in 3 days now", "text": "JAIPUR: The passports could now be procured in three days after the inauguration of the Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) in Jaipur on Saturday. The PSK was inaugurated by minister of state for external affairs E. Ahamed and chief minister Ashok Gehlot at the Orbit Mall in the Civil Lines area.Passport officer Shravan Kumar Varma said the PSK will benefit applicants by giving them passports faster.\"It will provide closer access points for services, more hours for citizen service every day and even the police clearance certificate (PCC) will be handed over the counter with no waiting time,\" Varma said.He added PSK will also provide multiple channels for grievance redressal.The inauguration ceremony was attended by MP Mahesh Joshi, Lalchand Kataria, MLA Kalicharan Saraf and Pratap Singh Khachariyawas.More PSKs will be opened at Jaipur, Jodhpur, Sikar and Udaipur under the Rs 1,100-crore Passport Seva Project which will facilitate issuance of passports in just three days, sources said.The project was to be launched in the state by October 2011 but software glitches delayed it.Sources also added the Jaipur passport office will only solve the applicants' problems, if any, but to file applications they will have to go to the seva kendras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411443", "title": "Shakespeare and the Djinns", "text": "London-based Richard Twyman has spent years directing the Bard's work. He is now working on his first Indian play on KashmirThere is an adage in the UK, says Richard Twyman. \"Direct a new play like it's a classic, direct a classic like it's a new play\". This wisdom stands the theatre director in good stead. As part of the Royal Shakespeare Company until a couple of years ago, he worked on over 14 productions, with protagonists such as Othello, Julius Caesar , Richard and Henry, which won him many accolades. Right now, he is busy grappling with the Djinns of Kashmir as he works on his first play in India.Coming with the Western frame of reference, learning about the spirits in the play titled The Djinns of Eidgah was treading on the line of magic for the 31-year-old. But a month into the rehearsals Twyman understands, \"They are deeply rooted in the tangible world of the characters\".The play speaks about the plight of Kashmir - a world that he didn't have any experience of. His understanding of the subject improved after he came here. \"You read about the political and social landscape in Kashmir every single day in the papers. This gives you a sense of what's happening,\" he says.Even then a play aspires for a certain level of detail, which is not easy for an outsider. \"You become more particular about the mannerisms, the dialect and behaviour of the characters. But then again, this is not a documentary. It is a work of fiction,\" he says.Although what he is doing now is vastly different from what he has done in the past in some ways, it is also similar in others. \"The script written by Abhishek Majumdar has an eye for detail and the kind of humanity that is incredibly rare to find in new writing these days. Also, like in a Shakespearean play, The Djinns... uses sounds a lot. The Azaan playing in the background, vultures flying, dogs barking, and sounds of processions... another writer who makes references to sound is Shakespeare!\"After university, Twyman experimented with various forms of theatre. \"When I was 17, we performed Twelfth Night in school and I swore never to perform Shakespeare again.\" But he eventually got a job at the RSC. \"I had to seriously reassess my approach to Shakespeare and this served as a tremendous training ground,\" says Twyman, who currently teaches acting in the UK.The opportunity to come to India emerged after he participated in the summer residency programme at the Royal Court Theatre in London last year. It was here that he teamed up with playwright Abhishek Majumdar and a set of actors. The aim of the programme was to help the playwright develop the play through a rehearsed reading. \"Through the process of the workshop, Abhishek and I connected really well on the language and the passion for the craft.He had three drafts of The Djinns of Eidgah ready by then. He requested me to work with him for the Writers' Bloc festival.\"Directing in a different culture can throw up many unknowns. The biggest culture shock was to find actors here doing two or three jobs in different productions at the same time. \"In the UK, actors work on the same production from 10 am to 6 pm every day. Four weeks into the rehearsals, and I have worked with the entire cast only twice,\"says Twyman. \"But what intrigues me most is that whether a play is Shakespearean or about Kashmir, it has conflict of one or another kind. Within that, there are surviving hopes, dreams and realities.\"Reema.Gehi @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11406342", "title": "Bhanwari\u2019s body parts, watch found", "text": "JODHPUR: The CBI on Saturday recovered key pieces of evidence including a wrist watch, jewellery and body parts like teeth believed to be that of abducted and murdered nurse Bhanwari Devi from a canal in Jaloda near here.The CBI considers the recovery of the wrist watch as a big breakthrough which it was looking forward to. Sources said Om Prakash , an accused, has told the CBI that Bhanwari's wrist watch was thrown into the canal along with her other belongings after she was burnt.\"We were waiting for this watch during this search as this is an important recovery and evidence,\" said CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra. The watch was in running condition and showing the exact time. Mishra said that all recovered objects will be taken to Delhi for forensic examination and their subsequent evidentiary value.The search in the presence of CBI, police officials and CFSL continued till evening. Commandos of the National Security Guard were also called to the spot, who came with a metal detector and surfed the water in search of any metal item.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11407922", "title": "Iron Maiden tribute band to perform in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Fans of hard rock and fusion music in the city now have a reason to rejoice as Higher on Maiden, a UK-based Iron Maiden tribute band and East India Company, one of the most acclaimed fusion bands of the country, will perform on the grounds of Assam Engineering College on January 23.The tribute band, which specialises in singing cover versions of Iron Maiden's immortal hit songs, will be belting out hit numbers from Iron Maiden's best-selling music albums as a part of Cynosure, the rock concert, which is held as the final event of Pyrokinesis, the annual Assam Engineering College fest. The fest is expected to see a turnout of around 10 to 15,000 people during the three-day event, while the rock concert alone is expected to attract around 7,000 people.Apart from Higher on Maiden, East India Company, a fusion band which comprises Angarag Papon Mahanta, one of the most acclaimed musical artists in the country, will also be performing on the last day of the event as part of Cynosure.\"Higher on Maiden recently performed in Manipur to an overwhelming response from the people. Iron Maiden has been very popular with the youth throughout the decades, since its inception in the seventies. Besides, they are touring the country and what could be a better way to invite them at our premises to perform. Last year, we had a Pink Floyd tribute band and the response from the people was great,\" said Rupjyoti Barman and Mrityonjoy Gogoi, conveners of Pyrokinesis.Among other events, the three-day fest will also see Uday Kumar Dharmalingam, the designer of the rupee symbol participating in a programme of interaction with the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406862", "title": "Mumbai for kids: Coaching comes for a price, but parents willing to pay up", "text": "MUMBAI: There is cricket and then there is everything else,'' Gautam Kuckreja says. He should know. His family of has been running Caxton Sports near Metro Cinema since 1948. \"A basic cricket kit sells for Rs 1,500 but children and youngsters are known to spend up to Rs 8,000-10,000 on the superior variety.'' Over the years Kuckreja has seen kids as young as six or seven choose to play cricket at the amateur level, paying huge sums to train at prestigious clubs or academies run by well-known coaches, \"even if they can't hold a bat,'' he laughs.On one hand parents are willing to pay big sums to push their children towards high-profile cricket clubs even though they may be swamped under the competition. On the other, some private individuals are trying to make sports like hockey, rifle shooting, watersports and riding accessible to the general public.At Marine Drive, a watersports facility gives six basic lessons in kayaking, each lasting over an hour, for Rs 4,400. Advanced sea kayaking courses are taught for Rs 5,500-6,500. \"A basic introduction to windsurfing comprises 10 sessions of one hour each and costs Rs 7,500 while the rate for seven sessions of stand-up paddle surfing is Rs 6,500,'' says organiser Rajiv Bhatia. In fact, his company is slowly finding takers for dragon boat racing as well. \"The team must have eight to 10 members and four sessions of one-and-a-half hours cost Rs 20,000,'' he says.Mentors who coach young hockey players under the Bombay Republicans team say how expensive the game has become. \"A mediocre hockey stick costs Rs 800-1,000. A good quality stick can set you back by Rs 3,000-8,000 while a goalkeeper's kit is available upwards of Rs 25,000, sometimes going up to Rs 50,000,'' says Marzban Patel who guides kids at the Bombay Hockey Association ground at Churchgate. Coach Conroy Remedios points out that artificial turfs bring the need for special shoes. \"You can't play wearing canvas as the turf is water-based,\" he says.But the national game is suffering the double blow of meagre resources. Most players come from middle class backgrounds and it is the odd sponsorship by Godrej that comes in handy in this instance. \"Cricket camps attract the paying public in droves, in hockey on the other hand, we beg players to sign up for free coaching,\" Patel says. However, Joaquim Carvalho , president of the Bombay Hockey Association, disagrees. \"I don't believe children are turning away from hockey. One can't compare their numbers with those that opt for cricket, but go to Bandra, to St. Stanislaus School for instance, and see the boys compete fiercely. A heartening number of parents and grandparents come to encourage their kids,\" he says.Football and basketball are relatively cheaper sports because a ball costs around Rs 500. \"Children often come to buy cricket kits but pick up a ball on the side just as a hobby,\" says Kuckreja.Knowing that popular interest will sustain only if facilities are affordable, some groups make a conscious effort to keep rates within the reach of the middle class. Shooters training at the Swatantryaveer Savarkar rifle shooting range, Shivaji Park, are lucky to avail of the cheapest training in all cities in India. \"We charge the juniors Rs 2,000 and seniors pay Rs 3,000 which includes training, gear and ammunition,'' says coach Vishwajeet Shinde. \"International level players come to mentor them as well.''\"We offer the cheapest horserides in the country, merely Rs 100 for half an hour. A single round at Chowpatty beach will cost you that much,'' declares Raj Shroff, president of the Amateur Riders' Club. \"We also have a 10-day course for children for approximately Rs 2,500 which allows them to get onto a horse and just break into the sport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11406158", "title": "Notorious arms smuggler arrested", "text": "VARANASI: The Special Operation Group of the district police and Ramnagar police achieved a major success on Saturday when they caught arms smuggler Ashish Singh. It was said that the accused had connections with Maoist groups and criminal gangs and was also linked with the mastermind of Rampur cartridge scam that took place in 2009. The police made a huge recovery of arms and ammunition, including the cartridges of 5.56 mm Insas rifle and 7.62 mm self-loading rifle.Producing Ashish before media persons in the afternoon, SP (City) MS Chauhan said the SOG team and Ramnagar police were busy in checking vehicles on Narainpur (Mirzapur)-Tengramod Road when they stopped a motorcycle-borne youth. When they checked him, a pistol of .32mm and 10 live cartridges of .32mm, 7.62mm and of AK 47 rifle were recovered from his pockets. When the basket of his motorcycle was checked, the police made a huge recovery of one pistol, four magazines and 45 cartridges of 5.56mm Insas.The arrested youth was identified as Ashish Singh of Mehnajpur in Azamgarh district. He was presently living in Khajuri Colony, Cantonment. During interrogation, Ashish made sensational revelations. He confessed that he had entered the world of arms smuggling two years back and supplied more than 1,500 arms to different Maoist groups and criminals in that period.He also confessed to his connections with Rampur cartridge scam's mastermind Yashodanand and his close accomplice Sanjay Kumar Pandey, a constable of PAC. During interrogation, he also revealed that he had purchased 1,000 cartridges of .9mm from Pandey. He paid Rs 120 for each cartridge and sold them against the payment of Rs 140 each to criminals and Maoist groups. He revealed that one Murli Sharma used to purchase .9mm cartridges from him while Sharma also supplied 260 5.56mm Insas cartridges to him.Ashish also confessed to his connections with Rohtas-based arms manufacturers who provided him with .32 bore pistols against the payment of Rs 11,000 each and he sold them for Rs 14,000 each. He also disclosed the names of many Varanasi-based persons who had purchased arms in bulk from him. Police are investigating the claims. Chauhan said efforts had been intensified to nab all members of the network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406741", "title": "Gang involved in ATM fraud busted in city, three arrested", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of three persons, the Patna Police on Saturday busted a gang engaged in fraudulently withdrawing cash from different ATMs in the city. Police recovered five ATM cards besides three cell phones from the possession of the arrested persons, said Patna Senior SP (SSP) Alok Kumar here.He said four FIRs were lodged with the Sachivalaya police station against unknown persons in connection with fraudulent withdrawal of cash from an SBI ATM located at Sinchai Bhawan in the past two months. Consequently, a special police team led by City SP Kim was constituted to investigate the case.The SSP said that the victims, who had lodged complaints, were shown the CCTV footage of the ATM and they recognized the suspects. He said that on Saturday, the special team found three persons standing in queue at the SBI ATM at Sinchai Bhawan who resembled those in the CCTV footage. \"Seeing the police team, the trio tried to escape. However, the special police team chased and arrested them,\" he said.Kumar said the arrested persons have been identified as Arvind Kumar alias Nishant, a native of Defence Colony under Sahpur police station, Patna district, Navlesh Kumar Singh, a resident of Sahpur, and Ajit Kumar , a native of Ibrahimpur under Naubatpur police station in Patna district. The arrested persons confessed their involvement in fraudulent withdrawals from different city ATMs, he said.Describing their modus operandi, the SSP said the trio used to stand in queue at ATM and create commotion if somebody took time in withdrawing the cash, making him leave the place in a hurry. The trio then used to re-press the operation button and withdraw cash. The SSP urged people to wait for 30 seconds after pressing the cancellation button before leaving the place as it would not allow anyone else to operate their account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11414263", "title": "58 girl students suffer from food poisoning in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: In a suspected case of food poisoning at a government ashram school in Borgaon village, as many as fifty-eight tribal girl students fell sick and admitted in rural hospitals, police said.The girls started vomiting soon after having lunch at their hostel canteen and also complained of giddiness, following which they were rushed to rural hospitals in Vani and Borgaon in the tribal-dominated Surgana tehsil, they said, adding six girls, whose condition is stated to be serious, were being shifted to Nashik Civil Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11407218", "title": "NIT-Sikkim to set up disaster management centre", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The upcoming National Institute of Technology (NIT) in Sikkim will set up a disaster management centre to carry rescue operation in times of natural disasters, revealed the newly appointed director of NIT-Sikkim, Prof AB Samaddar.Prof Samaddar, who till recently headed the Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology, was in the city on Saturday. The decision, he said, has been taken in wake of the powerful earthquake that hit the Himalayan state last year.He said the Ministry of Human Resource and Development has given nod to the centre and the Sikkim government too has pledged support for it.The eco-friendly campus of NIT-Sikkim is being developed with an initial budget of Rs 150 crore on an area of 300 acres.Prof Samaddar said Sikkim has immense potential for tourism and in the wake of this MHRD will try to develop NIT-Sikkim on Education -Tourism policy. This would pave the way to attract foreign students vying to get admission in NITs, he added.Prof Samaddar said the institute would focus on inter-disciplinary studies along with special emphasis on research activities.Besides, the institute is also planning to set up an Intellectual Property Cell to help locals and tribes preserve and safeguard their traditional knowledge in the field of medicines and other crafts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11413750", "title": "RLD gives election tickets to two suspended BSP ministers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) on Sunday released names of five more candidates for the assembly elections to be held in February. With this total number of candidates put up by RLD has reached 28.The list has names of Yashpal Singh , who was minister in Mayawati government and was suspended on charges of non-performance and neglecting duty. Singh will contest from Nurpur. Mafia turned politician Madan Bhaiyya will contest from Lone. Other names are Munshiram Pal, Swami Omvesh and Hazi Mohammad Mustafa.The Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) on Firday has released its second list which had name of suspended BSP MLA Shahnawaz Rana. Rana was suspended after he was accused of protecting his nephew facing kidnapping and rape charges. Rana has several criminal cases pending against him in police record. Suspended BSP MLA Hazi Yakoob Qureshi had joined RLD earlier. He was suspended from BSP on charges of misconduct and hurting sentiments of Sikh community through his statements.On December, 20, a day after RLD chief Ajit Singh in the Union Cabinet as inducted as union civil aviation minister in the UPA government, the party had released the first list of 17 candidates. While there have been reports of RLD agreeing to field candidates on at least 45 seats, party sources said the list may go up to 50. RLD has allied with Congress for elections. However, final agreement on how many seats RLD would get out of total 403 in the state has not been reached as yet.On the other hand, RLD suffered a setback when party leader and once a close aide of RLD chief Anuradha Chowdhury joined Samajwadi Party along with Rajya Sabha MP Shahid Siddiqui. The two leaders including RLD MLA Bimlesh Singh joined the party in presence of SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav , state president Akhilesh Yadav , leader of opposition Shivpal Singh Yadav and senior leader Mohammad Azam Khan.Chowdhury was associated with RLD for last 16 years. She was elected to state assembly in 2002 and was irrigation minister in Mulayam government formed with RLD's support in 2003. In 2004, she was elected on RLD ticket from Karaina. She lost 2009 Lok Sabha elections. Choudhary was sulking and unhappy over Ajit Singh's alliance with the Congress party for the upcoming assembly polls. She is apparently angry with Ajit Singh for having accepting a Cabinet post for himself in UPA II, instead of the RLD's earlier demand of providing her a Cabinet berth as well.After joining SP, she came down heavily on RLD chief for entering into an alliance with Congress and accused him of going against the ideology of his father Chowdhury Charan Singh, who always fought against the Congress party. \"Instead of entering in an alliance with Congress for getting ministerial berth, Ajit Singh should have fought for passage of Land Acquisition Bill. His father has always fought in the interest of farmers against Congress,\" she said. \"The RLD workers and leaders did not like the alliance. RLD will have to suffer due to this alliance with Congress,\" she said, adding that she would not contest elections but only campaign for SP.Meanwhile reacting to the current events Ajit Singh said, \"These things happen during election time. RLD has joined hands with the Congress party ahead of the crucial UP polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "shamsher avenue", "code": "11407884", "title": "Avinder has grandad's memory at home", "text": "SHAMSHER AVENUE: Catch Avinder Singh at his Shamsher Avenue home and you will probably see him sitting in his sprawling garden beside a white structure and reading. Now a grandfather himself, the 60-year-old says it is a memorial for his grandfather Subedar Kishan Singh that was built in 1951.Avninder says his grandfather died in 1950. \"One year later my father Kartar Singh Shamsher made a memorial in honour of grandfather because he was a very kind and noble man. We have not preserved his ashes because he was cremated in our native village but his memory is with us always at home,'' says Avninder, adding that he feels relaxed and at peace sitting at the memorial and reading.Settled in Canada , Avinder shares that his father used to take special care of the memorial. \"As kids my siblings and I used to play around the 'samadhi' but after my father passed away my brother Jugraj Singh Grewal and I started maintaining the memorial. Though we are both settled in Canada, we spend six months back here and make sure our grandfather's 'samadhi' is not left in neglect,'' he adds.It is a tradition among the women in Grewal family to light a lamp at the structure on Diwali. \"Till two years ago my late sister Amrit Kaur used to make it a point to light the lamp and after her death also other women in the family have continued the tradition. We get the memorial whitewashed twice a year and our domestic helps clean it everyday,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406283", "title": "Actor Dia Mirza pays Rs 1.25 lakh for duty evasion", "text": "MUMBAI: Bollywood's customs conundrum continues. Actor Dia Mirza was detained by customs officials at Mumbai airport in the early hours of Saturday for carrying undeclared dutiable goods worth Rs 2 lakh. She was, however, let off after paying a penalty of Rs 1.25 lakh.Customs officials said Mirza landed in the city by a Thai Airways flight from Bangkok at around 2am. Instead of declaring the valuables in her bag at the red channel, the actor walked past the green channel meant for passengers with no dutiable goods. \"She came to the customs counter and was passing through the green channel to exit the airport when she was stopped and asked to show the contents of her baggage,\" a senior officer said. Mirza, who was intercepted by a batch of officers headed by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede, was reportedly carrying bags, cosmetics and clothes worth Rs 2 lakh.As per rules, a passenger is allowed to carry imported goods worth only Rs 25,000. If the value of the goods on a flyer is above this amount, he/she has to declare them and pay duty. \"Mirza did not do that, and had she not been stopped, she would have left the airport without paying any duty,\" another officer said. \"The goods were imported from Bangkok and were way above the permissible limit.\"According to officials, Mirza pleaded ignorance of the customs rules and offered to pay the fine. \"There were around 20 items which had been purchased abroad. Mirza produced the bills for all the items,\" an officer said, adding the actor paid Rs 1.25 lakh as penalty, duty and redemption fine and was allowed to leave at about 3.30am. \"Had she declared the goods, she would have paid a duty of a few thousand rupees. The eventual penalty levied included the fine as well as the charge to reclaim the goods,\" he said.Last year, actors Minissha Lamba and Anushka Sharma were detained by customs officials for carrying undeclared jewellery. While Lamba was carrying diamond jewellery wroth Rs 31 lakh, Sharma was detained with jewellery worth Rs 35 lakh.FLYING INTO TROUBLE* May, 2011: Minissha Lamba detained with undeclared jewellery worth Rs 31 lakh on arrival from Cannes* May, 2011: Bipasha Basu fined Rs 12,000 on goods worth Rs 35,000-Rs40,000* June, 2011: Anushka Sharma detained for carrying jewellery worth Rs 35 lakh* August 2011: Ekta Kapoor detained with undeclared goods worth Rs 1 lakh, fined Rs 50,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408804", "title": "Rehab for 3,000 special persons", "text": "MYSORE: Governor H R Bhardwaj visited District Disability Rehabilitation Centre (DDRC) and interacted with the staff here on Friday. DDRC set a target to provide holistic rehabilitation services to 3,000 various differently-abled persons this year. The state government on a pilot basis has set up DDRCs in three districts of Mysore, Gadag and Bangalore.The centre will also be inaugurated at Haveri and Raichur. On the occasion, the governor distributed crutches and wheelchairs to needy persons. DDRCs are being set up to provide comprehensive rehabilitation service to persons with disabilities to enable them to become self-sufficient and productive. Rural people with annual income of less than Rs 12,000 and urbanites with an annual income of less than Rs 24,000 can avail the facilities.Five nodal hospitals will provide facilities for beneficiaries of the scheme in the first phase. While the centre in Gadag has been functional for the last couple of months, those in Haveri and Raichur are expected to start soon. The objective is empower them under categories such as medical, education and socio economic rehabilitation free of cost. Those who want to avail facility may contact 9731059098.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11407993", "title": "Indians asked to avoid travel to violence-hit Syria", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Saturday issued an advisory for its nationals, asking them to avoid all ``non-essential'' travel to Syria that has been hit by fresh violence as the opposition, led by Syrian National Council, continues its resistance against the Bashar al-Assad regime. The advisory came a day after a suicide bombing killed 26 in capital Damascus.\"In view of the situation prevailing in parts of Syria, Indian nationals are advised to avoid all non-essential travel to Syria for the present,\" said the advisory issued by the external affairs ministry. About 1,000 Indians are staying in Syria, most of them in and around Damascus.Government sources said the situation had not yet reached such a stage that those Indians need to be evacuated. Syria has been witnessing strife and violence for months as pro-democracy protesters have taken repeatedly to the streets to demand ouster of the al-Assad regime. Damascus has seen two deadly bombings in the last two weeks. According to UN estimates, more than 5,000 people have died since anti-Bashar protests erupted in last March, prompting an iron-fist response from the regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "phulia (santipur)", "code": "11407812", "title": "Suburban trains collide head on, 1 dead, 50 hurt", "text": "PHULIA (SANTIPUR): A local train that jumped a red signal before Phulia station near Santipur in Nadia and rammed head-on into a stationary train on Saturday, killing one person and injuring nearly 50.Sources said the condition of at least five passengers admitted in Ranaghat hospital was critical and the toll could rise. One of the critically injured is the driver of one train, who was trapped in the mangled wreckage of the motorman's cabin for hours. An initial probe hinted at human error. But a major mechanical error cannot be ruled out. The accident site is 86 km from Sealdah on a 16 km single-line stretch between Kalinarayanpur and Santipur. The absence of adequate lights at Phulia station hampered rescue operations. The relief train reached late as progress on the single line is slow. Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi , who is in Jaipur, announced compensation of 5 lakh for family of the dead person.It was around 7.55pm on Saturday that the 31531 Up local from Sealdah arrived at Phulia station on way to Santipur. With the 31536 Down local also heading for Phulia, the station manager received the Up train and directed it to the loop line on Platform No. 2. All the while, the home signal for the Down train was red. Minutes after the Up train had halted at the station, the Down train hurtled down and collided with the stationary train. The impact crushed the motormen's cabins of both trains and also derailed five compartments. The gateman of Phulia station, Purnendu Mondal (55), was run over by the Down train even as he was crossing the tracks to board the Up train to reach his home in Santipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11414607", "title": "Polish woman arrested for travelling on forged visa", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old Polish woman was arrested from the Indira Gandhi International Airport here for allegedly travelling on a forged visa, police said on Sunday.Marzeena Bartosik was apprehended at the immigration late last night before she was to to board an Air China flight to Beijing , a senior police official said.\"On scrutiny of her passport, it was found that Indian Multiple visa no-Y 826165 issued at Oslo from November 16, 2011 to November 15, 2012 pasted on page No 35 of the passport is counterfeit,\" the official said.A case of cheating and forgery and violation of Foreigners Act has been registered against her.Bartosik told immigration officials that from Poland she had visited London and Abu Dhabi.\"From Abu Dhabi, she reached Kathmandu on Christmas day and stayed at Yatri Hotel and visited Kaplivastu besides other places. She entered India from immigration land check post in Sonauli on New Year eve. In India, she visited Varanasi where she stayed at Hotel Pallavi International and Othra Resort.\"She told us she also visited Agra and Jaipur, where she stayed at Hotel Pink Palace and arrived in the capital yesterday,\" the official said.Bartosik told immigration officials that she received the visa online, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "tamluk", "code": "11407390", "title": "Mamata misusing power, says Surjya", "text": "TAMLUK: In reply to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's press conference at the state secretariat on Saturday afternoon, leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said she was misusing power while seated at Writers' Buildings. Mishra was in Tamluk with his party general secretary Biman Bose to attend the CPM's East Midnapore district conference.Mishra alleged that Mamata was trying to shield her accused partymen by describing the Raiganj incident as a \"small\" one. \"Trinamool leader Tilak Chowdhury's surrender in court proves that the party was involved in the incident,\" said Mishra. Criticizing the chief minister, Mishra claimed that Mamata was trying to impose 'partycracy' in the education sector.\"After such a heinous offence, her party leader Tilak Chowdhury was booked for minor charges to ensure that he got bail. As the police and home minister, the CM is influencing police to save her partymen,\" said Mishra at the CPM office in Tamluk. Ridiculing Mamata's recent spat with the Congress, the CPM leader said: \"If the Congress is really conspiring against her, then why is she not quitting the cabinet?\"The leader of the opposition also alleged that Mamata was making police the scapegoat. \"The CM claimed that for the past few days, Trinamool student activists were heckled in colleges. Then why was no complaint lodged from their end? Why were the police punished for inaction though there was no complaint for them to act on?\" demanded Mishra.He also questioned how education Minister Bratya Basu acted without the chancellor's nod by ordering the vice-chancellor of North Bengal University to force the principal of Raiganj Collge to quit. \"It's nothing but misuse of power,\" said Mishra. He said on January 10, he will meet the governor with all Left Front MLAs.Left Front chairman Biman Bose also claimed that the CM should take stringent action against offenders in Raiganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11407101", "title": "18 villages to come under CMC ambit", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: After long evaluation of areas to be encompassed under the newly formed Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC), the civic authorities have forwarded a proposal to incorporate 18 villages around the town under its jurisdiction. While area under CMC will expand manifold, population of around 55,000 would be added to the corporation once the proposed expansion is approved, officials said.Chandrapur municipal council, with a population of 3.21 lakh, was declared a corporation in October 2011. Following the change, proposed municipal elections were cancelled. A government-appointed administrator took over the charge of CMC and the municipal body was dissolved. Areas under current wards were re-accessed and 66 new wards were formed as per corporation's norms. But to strengthen the exchequer of CMC, authorities had decided to incorporate some additional areas.Accordingly, maps of all the surrounding villages and industrial areas were gathered and analysed for inclusion under corporation's jurisdiction. After long evaluation, the CMC finalized 18 peripheral villages. The key villages include Durgapur, Urjanagar, Datala, Morva, Padoli and Tadali. Other low profile village that have been included within corporation's territory are Chorala, Neri, Chichala, Wandhri, Mahada township, Chaurala, Ambhora, Lakmapur, Devada, Kosara, Upri and Nandgaon. These newly added villages would add a population of around 55,000 to the existing population of Chandrapur town. The cumulative population will then shoot up to around 3.8 lakh.Chandrapur town is surrounded by thick jungle, mines and industrial area. While expansion along Mul road and beyond bypass road is impossible due to presence of thick jungle, the area ahead of Durgapur and Padmapur is covered with mines and buffer zone of Tadoba. Hence development of town is possible only along the Nagpur road and areas around Datala, Kosara and Chaurala villages. While extensive new Chandrapur township is proposed under Mahada near Datala, new civil construction projects and education institutes are also coming up in the same area.Inclusion of new areas would raise the income of CMC. With inclusion of Urjanagar, Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station , one of the biggest power plant in country, would also come under jurisdiction of the corporation. Deputy commissioner, CMC, Ravindra Deotale ratified that a proposal for expansion of city limits have been forwarded to urban development ministry recently. He, however, maintained that the upcoming corporation elections would be held in newly formed 66 wards under existing limits of the town as the approval of expansion proposal could take some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408219", "title": "Birju Maharaj shows life dances to rhythm divine", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If a thermometer could measure cultural highpoints, a reading for Ahmedabad early on Saturday morning would have revealed that the city was feverish with grateful rapture.Kathak colossus Pandit Birju Maharaj was scheduled to perform on Day 6 of the Saptak Music Festival on Friday night; he had been running a 102\u00b0 temperature the previous day. Yet, energized by the tonic of his art - which is at least as old as the Mahabharata - Panditji demonstrated grace that seems permanently inoculated against any hazard of mortality.Panditiji told the audience that his disciple of 43 years, Shashwati Sen, would open the recital. He prefaced her presentation with a commentary on Kathak. \"Rhythm represented the very heartbeat of the universe,\" Panditji told TOI. \"Rhythm is the way God runs our very existence. I am only able to perform today because of God's grace and love of Amdavadi rasikas.\" In his mind, all events in the cosmos - from the movement of planets to the act of pushing files at office - abide by beat cycles that produce pleasing symmetries.Sen then displayed her Olympian range. One moment she metamorphosed into a hunter - by merely intensifying her pirouette, channelling rage to her eyes, and lashing out her arms like spears. The next moment, the aggression was modulated to reconstruct the equally deadly, but emotional, violence of the heartbroken rishi Gautama. Sen evoked the instance at which the rishi discovers that Indra has ravished his wife, Ahalya. Fingers stab accusations, curses lunge from a quivering body, and feet crash into the ground as though the rishi wants to stamp the Earth out of existence. One could sense the snivelling Indra disintegrating.At the end of Sen's performance, rasikas at the festival venue - Amrut Mody School of Management - let out an avalanche of ovation, which was fitting heraldry for panditji's re-entry. He went on to preside over a triumphal celebration of Kathak's power. The dance form's evolution offers a fascinating insight into India's capacity to synthesize traditions.When Nadir Shah invaded India in 1738, Kathakars - like other artistes - fled from Delhi to Awadhi courts. There, Kathak had to soften its bhakti character under the new Muslim patronage. \"Panditji has been one of the strongest forces in reviving the bhakti aspect of Kathak,\" Sen told TOI. At Saptak, he did recapture the decorousness of Krishna Leela, and as Sen put it, Krishna's \"bhadra-chched\" (roughly translated: 'dignified mischief').But panditji also showed that Kathak intertwines with life to form a filigree of divine resonances. The energy of kids playing, the unstoppable advance of age, or the flight of birds - these common movements became elevated expressions of laya in panditji's interpretations. That leap of imagination had stunned India in the 1980s. \"That was the period when Kathak had undergone a renaissance owing to panditji,\" Sen said. \"For the 1982 Asiad Games, he choreographed a dance in which the representation of kho-kho had the glimmer of Krishna Leela.\" Indeed, for panditji, piety is the pacemaker that keeps everything in the universe ticking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11406354", "title": "Ex-diplomat Madhuri Gupta charged with spying", "text": "NEW DELHI: Paving the way for her trial, a trial court on Sautrday framed charges against suspended Indian diplomat Madhuri Gupta under various sections of official secrets Act and criminal conspiracy for alleged spying and supplying information to an ISI agent when she was posted in Islamabad.Additional Sessions Judge Pawan Kumar Jain charged Gupta under Section 3 and 5 of the Official Secrets Act. \"There is sufficient evidence on record to make out a case against the accused for offences under Section 3 (1) (Part-II) and Section 5 of the Official Secrets Act and Section 120-B of the IPC,\" the judge said.Though under Section 3 of the Act, passing information relating to defence carries a maximum jail term of 14 years, but those not amounting to work of defence carries a lighter jail term of three years. Gupta has been charged with the offence carrying a lighter punishment of three years as Delhi police was unable to establish a case that could get her a maximum punishment of 14 years. She has also been charged with breach of trust, criminal conspiracy. The court fixed March 22 for starting the trial when the prosecution evidence will begin.During the arguments on charge, Public Prosecutor Rajiv Mohan had submitted that Gupta should be tried under stringent provisions as the information she had supplied was related to the military and not civil in nature. Gupta, however, had refuted all the allegations levelled against her and had submitted that the said information is not sensitive and the alleged act of passing on information relating to country's internal security to the ISI \"cannot be read as related to work of defence\" under Section 3 of the Act.Gupta, 55, has already spent around 21 months behind the bars as she was arrested on April 22, 2010 by the Special Cell of Delhi Police. It was alleged that Gupta revealed certain classified information to Pakistani officials and was in touch with two ISI officials, Mubshar Raza Rana and Jamshed. She was posted as Second Secretary (Press and Information) in the Indian High Commission in Islamabad.The chargesheet filed in July 2010 alleged that Gupta was involved in a relationship with Jamshed whom she planned to marry. She used to communicate with Jamshed who had a code name 'Jim'. The diplomat was using a computer installed at her residence in Islamabad and a Blackberry phone to be in touch with the two Pakistani spies, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407301", "title": "Drunk man stopped from boarding flight", "text": "KOLKATA: A man was stopped from boarding a flight at the N S C Bose International Airport on Friday because he was found to be in an inebriated condition, airport sources said. The man was supposed to fly to Nagpur.When he went to board the flight the airline staff found him in an inebriated condition and stopped him from boarding the flight, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11408018", "title": "Despite SC orders, nursery interviews on", "text": "PANCHKULA: With the nursery admissions going on, some of the Panchkula schools are holding interviews in violation of the Supreme Court orders. Despite the fact that the court has barred schools from conducting any kind of interview or interaction with the kids or their guardians during the admission process for nursery class, still some of the schools in Panchkula are carrying on with the interviews. And the hapless parents have no option but to follow the schools' conditions.When Shashi Banerjee, the principal of Bhavan Vidyalaya, Sector 15, was asked about the process of admitting kids to nursery class she said, \"I am aware about the order, but I am yet to receive any notification. Yes, I do hold interviews for the kids of nursery class and this will continue till the time I don't get any formal order.\"As for the parents they rue that they have little option but to go by the stipulations laid down by the schools. \"I wanted to get my child admitted to Bhavan Vidyalaya but when I approached the school authorities, I was told that would be taking an interview. When I told them that this would be in violation of the Supreme Court order, I was told that then I could ask the court only to give a seat to my child,\" said a parent requesting anonymity.The authorities of Blue Bird Model School, Sector 16, claim that they only hold an 'interaction' with the kids. \"It is just a simple interaction with the children. It can't be termed an interview. The children share their views and this in fact is helpful for the kids as they are able to get rid of any hesitation or inhibitions they may have,\" said principal of the school, V Bhatnagar. Satluj Public School in Sector 4 too claims to hold interactions with the kids for nursery admissions. \"Our teachers interact with the kids,\" confirmed principal Krit Serai.Geetika Sethi, principal of British School, Sector-8 pointed out that, \"The first priority of parents is Chandigarh. And if the schools there refuse their kids admission, then they run towards Panchkula. We conduct a counselling session, it can't be termed an interview.\"The Panchkula district education officer (DEO), Nalini Mimani said, \"I am not aware of interviews being conducted. In fact rules regarding admission to nursery classes are mentioned in the Right to Education Act as well and the principals do have copies of the document in their hand. I'll check what's going on, on Monday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11407174", "title": "\u2018Youth should shun violence &amp; promote peace\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Youth should join national mainstream to ensure peace in the country, said Swami Adhokshayananda Deo Tirth who is presently camping on the banks of Sangam in the Mela area.In an exclusive interview to The Times of India on Saturday, Shankaracharya of Puri, Swami Adhokshayananda Deo Tirth said: \"The youth should promote religion which would help them in making rapid strides in the advancement of technology.\" He also added that the government should generate employment for the youth of the country so that they are not misguided by vested interest groups.Appealing to the youths of the country involved in anti-national activities to shun violence and join the national mainstream, Swami said that he has been working towards promotion of peace and amity in North East for the past several years.He further said: \"It is quite appreciable that government has stopped all the military exercise which has brought fruitful results in North East. The disgruntled youths in the ULFA (United Liberation Front of Assam) alongwith BODO militant groups have come to the negotiating table for solving of their myriad grievances.He flayed the religious groups which are trying to sow the seeds of dissension in the society for their vested interests.He stressed that dialogue is the best form for removing the misconceptions and promotion of peace and stability in the country.Shankaracharya said a 35-day grand yagna will be organised at Guwahati from March 24 to April 28. About 600 Vedic scholars from various parts of the country will participate in the yagna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11415628", "title": "This ashram teaches tribal girls to flourish", "text": "VARANASI: The proverb 'dreamers cannot be tamed' is fit for these girls of Apala Kanya Ashram. For Sanju Rana, (18) a native of a remote village near Balrampur whose counterparts in the village did not see a school, her selection in engineering at a Uttar Pradesh Technical University (UPTU) college in Ghazibad while residing and studying at the ashram has been like a dream come true. After showing good performance at international tournament of kabaddi for tribal girls in Pune in 2011, Anumpama of Lakhimpur Khiri wants to become an athlete and Anita, a native Sonbhadra, wants to qualify IIT JEE next year. Girls from nearby villages to distant places like Nagaland and Assam living at the ashram have big dreams to overcome the memories of difficult life of their backward, underdeveloped native places where there are no schools, roads and hospitals and, at the same time, get themselves adjusted to the contemporary world and become a role model to their counterparts.The Apala Kanya Ashram situated on the campus of Sharda Ashram in Pishach Mochan area looks after the education and overall development of 22 girls who hail from tribal and Maoist areas across the country. \"The objective of the trust is to connect girls of underprivileged areas to the mainstream life,\" says Bipin Prakash Rai, manager of the hostel. \"In Maoist and tribal belts of Sonbhadra, Balrampur, Mirzapur, Robertsganj, Nagaland, Assam and Nepal where there are no government schools and colleges, girls and families are identified and encouraged for education. Afterwards, on the consent of their parents, they are brought to the hostel where they can acquire free of cost good education and a better environment to develop and unfold different aspects of their career,\" says Rai.\"There were only jungles and no proper hospital, school, roads from where I hailed. After completing my studies, I will go and improve the condition of my place,\" says Pauhinsana who comes from a village in Nagaland and has spent over five years at the ashram. \"I want to study medicines. The place is enabling me to get in touch will the world and its development. It was not possible in my village,\" says Deepa, a student of Class XI and a native of Sonbhadra.According to Kalavati, caretaker of the girls, the ashram strictly follows a set routine which is followed by every girl and it is run totally on the money that comes from donations and charity. According to her, these girls get their basic education in nearby primary schools and afterwards are enrolled at the Government Girls Inter College that provides free of cost education to them. However, all the necessary items like stationary, books, notebooks, study materials for competitive exams, magazines, including coaching and computer classes, are arranged by the charity that comes from individuals, organisations and clubs of the city. \"The ashram accommodates girls till their schooling. Once girls complete their schooling from here, they are encouraged for higher studies and are enrolled in college for tribal girls in Madhya Pradesh. It is worth mentioning here that the girls of the ashram are equally good in sports , music, tailoring and craft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406344", "title": "Animal welfare activists launch campaign to save birds", "text": "HYDERABAD: With a week to go for the kite festival, Makar Sankranti, animal welfare activists have kick-started their public awareness campaigns through posters, SMSs and emails requesting people to avoid use of 'manja' that kills or injures hundreds of birds every year.While two organisations have started helplines to attend to injured birds, the activists have also sought permission from the district authorities this year to display slides on the impact of the razor sharp kite strings on birds in 100 theatres in the twin cities. The slides are likely to be shown from Tuesday. Besides, activists said that this year, they will also spread awareness among residents on handling injured birds to cut down the mortality rate. Mahesh Agarwal of Animal Welfare Society said that the volunteers will coordinate with residents of Kabutarkhana, Charminar, Nampally, Begumpet and Koti, where kite flying is more.\"By the time we reach the spot, the injured birds are dying. So we are creating awareness among the residents on how to handle injured birds,\" said Agarwal. The society is also going to hold a training camp on first aid to its 30 volunteers shortly. The rescue teams will be active from January 11 and continue to operate for a week.The activists will also educate people about flying kites with simple strings. \"This is the time when migratory birds come all the way from Siberia and other far off countries. At the end of their journey, they die getting entangled in the glass-coated manja,\" said B Padmaja, founder, Caring Hands for Animals. Helpline numbers are: 9394005600, 9701948888.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408176", "title": "Carrom strikes communal amity in Shahpur pockets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When the streetlights illuminated eight-odd carrom boards in Shahpur along with halogen lights, the people in the crowd who were cheering up their favourite players were not Hindus or Muslims, but lovers of the game.They were witnessing a unique event where prominent players from both the communities got together to mark a new age of friendship in communally-sensitive areas.It was a unique initiative by city police officials to bring together youngsters from both the communities. The city police organized a carrom tournament on Friday and blood donation camp on Saturday in association with local community leaders.Talking about the initiative, Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, told TOI that carrom is an extremely popular night-time game for the residents of Shahpur and thus police decided to use the game as an instrument in the peace process. \"Many youths and carrom players entered the local tournaments and we got 16 top-notch players from both the communities who clashed in a high-voltage meet on Friday night. Large crowds have gathered on Friday but this time, police were not monitoring them, but were enjoying the game mingling with them,\" said Tomar.He added that the tournament brought together people from both the communities. \"We found quality of the game to be very high. They have potential to go to state and national level tournaments. We have assured them of all help if they make a mark in such events or want to participate and doesn't have resources,\" said Tomar.The next day saw a blood donation camp being organized at various places notorious for bloodshed. \"Why shed blood when you can donate it? - was the motto of the camp organized by city police officials where along with local residents, police personnel also donated their blood. More than 150 persons attended the event. Local leaders were very supportive and asked for more such activities in the future that can bring together the communities which, otherwise are at loggerheads,\" said a Shahpur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "11407999", "title": "Four baby tortoises die 'due to cold'", "text": "MOHALI: The prevailing cold wave in the Tricity, it seems, is proving difficult to handle for officials at the Chhatbir zoological park as in the last one week alone, four baby tortoises have perished due to the cold.While zoo officials claimed that all safeguards were in place to protect the animals in the zoo against the cold and that the four tortoises died due to natural causes, sources at the zoo stated that the latter died as they were not provided lukewarm water in the tanks where they were being kept.According to sources, during winters, those animals and reptiles, which are required to be placed in water at all times, are provided lukewarm to warm water. This is done as otherwise water in containers drops to below freezing temperatures and the animals placed in them often die due to the cold.Zoo officials claimed that lukewarm water had been provided to the tortoises, but the four land-dwelling reptiles which died during the last one week had been ailing for some time and could not brave the current cold wave.Speaking to TOI, Chhatbir zoological park field director Basanta Rajkumar said, \"During winters, we make proper arrangements for various animals and the tortoises too were to be provided with lukewarm water. We would look into the cause of their deaths but we have reason to believe that the baby tortoises died due to natural causes and not because of any lapse on the part of the zoo authorities.\"He said, \"If there had been any lapse, then other animals too would have developed some complications due to the cold had they not been kept in lukewarm water. That has not happened and it may be a stray incident of the tortoises catching cold and dying because of it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11408847", "title": "Smallest wires created, one atom tall &amp; 4 atoms wide", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have created the smallest wires ever developed in silicon - just one atom tall and four atoms wide.An international team says the wire has the same current-carrying capability as copper wires, and the discovery has several implications, the Science journal reported .Experiments and atom-by-atom supercomputer models of the wires have found that the wires maintain a low capacity for resistance despite being more than 20 times thinner than conventional copper wires in microprocessors.For engineers, it could provide a roadmap to future nanoscale computational devices where atomic sizes are at the end of Moore's law.For computer scientists, it places donor-atom based silicon quantum computing closer to realisation, say the scientists from the University of New South Wales, Melbourne University and Purdue University .And for physicists, the results show that Ohm's Law which demonstrates the relationship between electrical current , resistance and voltage, continues to apply all the way down to an atomic-scale wire. Bent Weber at the University of New South Wales, who led the team, said: \"It's extraordinary to show that Ohm's Law, such a basic law, still holds even when constructing a wire from the fundamental building blocks of nature - atoms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11408632", "title": "Transit home will house street children from Jan 15", "text": "MANGALORE: The city will soon get a permanent transit home to take care of street children, rag-pickers, child labourers and abused children rescued by the officials of labour department, women and child welfare department and the police.The transit home will be opened at a building in the premises of Govt Higher Primary School in Kapikad near here.The home, to be maintained by Prajna Counselling Centre (PCC), will have all facilities for children. PCC has already appointed warden, consultant doctor, counsellor, teachers and cook to maintain the home which will be opened soon.The government had directed Dakshina Kannada district unit of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyana (SSA) to identify school drop-outs, children addicted to drugs, beggars, child labourers, distressed and runaway children (in 6-14 age group) and produce them before Child Welfare Committee (CWC). SSA, with the help of NGOs, identified 19 children in various parts in the district. The children need to be shifted to transit home as per rules.But with no permanent transit home at present, they are being lodged at PCC's rehabilitation centre. SSA deputy project co-ordinator N Shivaprakash told TOI that 19 children are being lodged in the rehabilitation centre in Kankanady here. \"The central government has sanctioned Rs 15.22 lakh for the maintenance of the home. Meanwhile, Rs 1.80 lakh has already been released, and works on constructing toilets and other facilities have been taken up,\" he said, adding that children will be shifted to the new home on January 15.\"In addition to food, shelter and security, the inmates of transit home will be given treatment for ailments and counselling. A bridge course will be imparted to children based on Nali-Kali (the mode through which the government is imparting education).Normally, children are kept in such homes for a maximum period of one year. Later, they will either be handed over to their parents or will be sent to nearest schools,\" he said, adding that the home can accommodate 50 children at a time. The project of identifying children from the street was launched in Bangalore on a pilot basis before being introduced in other districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11408511", "title": "Train stoppage at Uruli station", "text": "HUBLI: Central Railway have decided to provide one minute temporary stoppage at Uruli station for train numbers 12779/12780 Vasco-da-gama-Nizamuddin-Vasco-da-gama Goa express up to January 17, 2012, train numbers 16259/16530 Mumbai (CST)-Bangalore city-Mumbai Udyan express from January 10 to 18 January and train numbers12782/12781 Mysore-Nizamuddin-Mysore Swarna Jayanthi weekly express on January 9 from Mysore and from Nizamuddin on January 14, for the benefit of pilgrims of Sri Playagadhayam Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407757", "title": "12 nabbed for cheating offshore casino", "text": "PANAJI: Panaji police on Saturday arrested a group of 12 persons, including two women, for cheating an offshore casino of 39.19 lakh by forging credit cards.The modus operandi used for the crime saw some of the accused, most of them from Mumbai and Hyderabad, collecting chips by swapping forged credit cards and then encashing the amount after gambling for sometime. Police nabbed them following a complaint by Srinivas Nayak, representative, Casino Pride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11407737", "title": "Beating the convention", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: From hosting the National Youth Festival in 2010 to the latest Indian Science Congress (ISC), the city is playing frequent host to big congregations of national and international repute.Besides the ISC ending on Saturday, at least two international conferences and a national conference are lined up at KIIT University in February. IIT Bhubaneswar will host the fifth international conference on solidification science and processing at a city hotel later this year.The SOA University had hosted the mega annual conference and convocation of the prestigious National Academy of Medical Sciences of India on its golden jubilee year in October last year. The event was held for the first time in the state. The varsity also held the international conference on energy, automation and signal (ICEAS 2011) recently.The 15th National Youth Festival, at Kalinga stadium in Bhubaneswar in January 2010, was among the largest congregations in the city in recent times. A month prior to that, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had inaugurated the Indian Economic Association conference at KIIT University in December 2009.Needless to say, the temple city is fast emerging as a preferred destination to host big national and international events. KIIT University, SOA University and C V Raman Group of Institutions are the leading hosts to such large-scale academic events.\"Besides the capacity to hold a big crowd, I think the institutions are willing to organize as many events as possible. A good institution-industry interface and collaborations at the national and international level has made it possible to get these events,\" said professor R P Mohanty, vice chancellor of SOA University.Good venues provided by the booming educational institutions, excellent roads and infrastructure and good hotels have made the city a perfect host to big events. \"The location of Bhubaneswar in the tourism triangle of Bhubaneswar-Puri-Konark is helping it attract big crowds,\" said Prashant Patnaik, planning member of the Bhubaneswar Development Authority. He said the small size of the city gives a cost advantage over big metros. \"Cost of holding an event would be much less in a city like Bhubaneswar compared to Delhi or Mumbai,\" he said.Hoteliers, however, feel, to keep pace with the booming activities, the city needs better air connectivity. \"Each time there is a big conference, the need for more flights to different cities is felt. It should improve so that still bigger conventions can be held more efficiently. The city needs international flight connectivity at the earliest,\" said Debashis Patnaik, director of a city hotel.The temple city can also do with a large convention centre. Whenever big congregations happen, the city is choked to capacity. The government should set up a mega centre, keeping in mind the future needs, the hotelier said. Notably, the long-pending plan of the Industrial Development Corporation (IDCO) to construct a multi-storeyed convention centre is yet to materialize, while the National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER) is planning the city's largest convention centre in its city centre premises, at an estimated cost of Rs 100 crore.The NISER convention centre, with four mega meeting halls - boasting a combined sitting capacity for over 2000 people, a business centre and a guest house with 40 VIP rooms, is proposed to come up on a three acre land right next to the Institute of Physics, near Acharya Vihar Square.At present, the biggest convention centre in the state capital, with a sitting capacity of around 1,500 people, is in KIIT University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11407177", "title": "3-yr-old girl falls to death from 4th floor", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A three-year-old girl fell to her death from a fourth-floor apartment in Kharghar on Thursday.In the afternoon, Parjanya Anjan Tambe, was at home with her grandfather as her mother, Pallavi Tambe, went to the market. The Tambes stay in Vastu Vihar at Kharghar. The child reportedly managed to climb up a window in the house, and suddenly, slipped through the grilles and fell to the ground.\"The only other person in the house was her 80-year-old ailing grandfather, who is bed-ridden,\" said an official from the Kharghar police station.\"The victim, Parjanya, was popularly known by her pet name, Pari, in the housing society. We have registered a case of accidental death as there was no foul play,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407752", "title": "Trajano hits out at NCP's state leadership", "text": "PANAJI: With election fever hotting up, state Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) vice president Trajano D'Mello on Saturday accused the NCP state leadership of hatching a \"conspiracy\" to deny him, and some other members of the minority communities, party tickets for the March assembly elections.D'Mello said he would soon meet NCP's national president Sharad Pawar in Delhi and expressed full faith that Pawar would allot him the party ticket for Saligao constituency.D'Mello told mediapersons that although the \"conspirators in the NCP state executive\" were leaking reports to the media of disciplinary proceedings against him, they were not telling him what the charges were despite his requests. He said leaked reports against him in the media were demoralizing his workers in Saligao constituency, where he is \"a serious contender\". He said that those conspiring against him would not succeed as the NCP national president would prevail upon them.Apparently, the battle for the NCP ticket for Saligao constituency is between D'Mello and NCP's senior vice president Suresh Parulekar. Devanand Naik is the third applicant from within the NCP for the party ticket in Saligao.Justifying why he should get the party ticket, D'Mello said that among the three applicants for the Saligao seat, he was the senior-most in the party, in terms of joining the party, and that he had worked in the Saligao constituency since 2002. \"I am not a mushroom that cropped up just before the elections,\" he said.D'Mello declined to divulge his plans if he is denied the party ticket or expelled from the party. \"If I come to the bridge and find it broken, God will give me wings to fly,\" he said.When asked to name the conspirators within the state NCP, D'Mello said it was the \"head of the state leadership\", thus seemingly blaming state NCP president Surendra Sirsat. He also said that the conspirators have \"communal intent\". In order to justify this allegation, D'Mello pointed out that disciplinary proceedings have also been initiated against Armindo Braganza of Mapusa, who is also eyeing the NCP ticket for Mapusa and is therefore a direct to threat to Sirsat.D'Mello also stated that in June 2011, he along with another senior NCP office bearer, Salim Syed, were dropped from the NCP state executive. It was only after the duo met Pawar in Delhi and explained their case that they were reinstated in the state executive, he said, while adding that the trend proved that the state NCP leadership seemed to be targeting minorities within the party.D'Mello said he repeatedly requested the state leadership to point out the charges against him, but while Sirsat said that the disciplinary committee is headed by Pandurang Raut, the latter said he would spell out the charges at an appropriate time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408059", "title": "How to beat the chill?", "text": "Diet for youTea and coffee keep the body warm temporarily. These beverages should be taken in moderate quantity as excess results in dehydration. It is better to have green tea as that is rich in antioxidants and does not lead to acidity.Consume green and yellow vegetables as they help in building immunity against viruses and bacteria prevalent during cold weather.Peanuts are a good source of zinc and magnesium and protect skin from dryness and getting scaly in winters.Fats are high in calories. One gram of fat releases 9 calories of energy as compared to proteins and carbohydrates which release 4 calories only. They allow body to stay warm. It must be said that excess fat consumption is unhealthy.Almonds and chicken soup help keep body warm.Looking after carMake sure your battery and charging system are in good working order.Check cooling system, making certain antifreeze protects your car against cold.Make sure windshield wipers are in good shape.Park your car inside the garage. It helps in starting vehicle instantly.Regularly check air pressure in the tyre.Brakes should be checked periodically.Headlights, heater and defroster must be in good working condition for passenger comfort and road visibility.Care for dogsDon't leave dogs outside in cold for long periods.Tiles and uncarpeted areas may get extremely cold; make sure to place blankets and pads for dogs to lie down on.A well-groomed coat keeps dogs properly insulated. Short or coarse-haired dogs feel very cold.Give high-calorie food, as it takes more energy in the winter to keep body temperature under control.Provide plenty of fresh lukewarm water. A dog is just as likely to get dehydrated in winter as the summer.Feed them with eggs instead of milk. Milk can lead to gastroenteritis.Take them for walks in cozy sweaters or jackets. Avoid taking them out when it is too chilly.Keep puppies in at least 25 degrees C temperature.Don't keep blowers near dogs as that can lead to them getting dehydrated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11407802", "title": "HC vacates stay on Kandhamal nun rape case", "text": "CUTTACK: Orissa High Court has vacated a stay on the trial proceedings in the Kandhamal nun rape case. The court had imposed the stay in June last year while adjudicating a petition filed by the nun.The nun had appealed to the high court to recall the judicial magistrate who had conducted the test identification parade of the accused. She had alleged that the magistrate had misrepresented her statement to the trial court.Earlier, she had filed a petition in the trial court, but it was rejected on May 16 last year. Subsequently, she had challenged it in the high court.The defence counsel had opposed the plea, stating that the magistrate had followed all procedures properly and had alleged that the nun was trying to delay to trial proceedings. \"We told the court that the nun had not raised any objection during hearing in the trial court. When the hearing was in the last leg, the nun raised such an objection to delay the trial proceedings,\"said Sarbeswar Behera, counsel of the accused, after the high court order on Friday.While disposing of the petition, Justice C R Dash advised the nun to raise her grievances in the trial court. Notably, the trial hearing of the case was going on at the district and session court, Cuttack, but it was stopped midway in June last year, due to the stay order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406930", "title": "Training for polling staff next week", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC will next week be holding a training programme for officials on election duty. The civic body has shortlisted the centres across the city where the training for the polling and vote-counting procedures will be provided to around 16,000 people.Currently, 50 civic officials are being trained by the assessment department. These officials will, in turn, train others who will be on election duty. \"The trainers will be department heads in the civic body. They will provide training to other officials on duty who will directly play a role in vote counting and handling of the Electronic Voting Machines,\" said BMC election officer Ramesh Arote.The overall strength of the BMC staff who will be on election duty will be about 48,000 employees. Overall, there are 60,000 people working for the elections, the others being from various government agencies. Of these, the 16,000 who will be trained next week will actually be present on polling day and will be involved in vote counting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11407239", "title": "International conference on global recession begins", "text": "VADODARA: A three-day international conference on the theme of \"Dynamics of global recession and economic and corporate strategies for survival and growth\" is on in the city since Friday.Organized under the joint auspices of Gujarat Technological University (GTU) and Parul Group of Management Institutions, reputed speakers from the corporate and the academic fields are taking part at the meet.Some of them are dean of faculty of economics and business from University of Maribor, Slovenia, professor Samo Bobek, professor emeritus and president of Sri Lanka Economic Association professor A D V Des Indraratna, professor from IIM-Ahmedabad Ravindra Dholakia and former vice-chancellor of Rajasthan Vidyapeeth University Dr B P Bhatnagar.Experts will explore policies and strategies adopted by governments and central banks, which enabled economies of India, China, Indonesia , Brazil and Philippines to show a high degree of resilience during recession periods of 2008-2010 and record high growth rates and profitability.Over 300 delegates from across the globe, including countries like Mexico, Sri Lanka, Japan and Slovenia apart from those within the country will present 50 research papers during the conference about various issues related to recession.\"The main objective of this conference is to come up with effective suggestions for the Government of India and other countries as also the corporates and the multinational companies to tackle the critical issue of recession,\" dean of GTU's faculty of management Dr P G K Murthy said. He said six best paper awards will be given in three categories - academic papers, reflective practice papers and case studies while 24 best papers will be published in the conference proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407756", "title": "Mamata sees state polls link to Cong protests", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee sees a connection in Congress's attitude in Bengal with the assembly elections in five states. \"Is Congress scared of our party's decision to fight the assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh and Manipur? That explains why Congress leaders went on protest mode. Those who confined the college principal at Gangarampur in South Dinajpur a day after the Raiganj incident were led by a Congress councilor,\" she told reporters on Saturday.Mamata also voiced her administrative concerns. \"There is not a single good officer in charge, and no good and efficient state officials. The OCs were appointed during the 34-year Left regime from among party cadres. They were absorbed without training. I have to work with them,\" she said, saying the CPM had left behind a \"politicized bureaucracy\".Responding to Congress leaders' criticism that this was not the \"change\" they wanted, she said, \"Some say they didn't want the change that is taking place now. What change were they looking for - the right to kill Trinamool men?\" She was referring to the murder of Trinamool activists in Hariharpur, Joipur and Garbeta and attacks on them at Raina in Burdwan.Later, in a message delivered through a cellphone to a Trinamool gathering at Netai in West Midnapore, Mamata said Congress and CPM were giving shelter to \"harmads\". \"They are coming in the way of development when the Trinamool-led government is trying to push through development in the region,\" she said.Leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra rubbished allegations of a Congress-CPM nexus. \"It is a baseless charge. Congress and Trinamool Congress keep blaming each other as CPM's B-team. Why isn't Trinamool Congress pulling out of the UPA government at the Centre then? I also want to ask the CM who the person was who surrendered before Raiganj court on Saturday. He was none other than the Trinamool district working president,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11407992", "title": "Wife in coma, husband struggles to meet ends", "text": "MADURAI: S Ganeshan of Nagercoil is keeping his fingers crossed. Ganeshan's wife slipped into a coma about 300 days ago, allegedly due to wrong administration of nitrous oxide instead of oxygen during a surgery.She is currently under treatment at the Government Rajaji Hospital.Rukmani (37) was admitted to the Nagercoil government hospital on March 19, last year for a tubectomy. The doctors allegedly administered nitrous oxide instead of oxygen during the surgery resulting in her slipping into a coma.The then collector of Kanyakumari, Rajendra Ratnoo placed the team of doctors and nurses who performed the surgery under suspension. The woman was later shifted to the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai by her family on reference from the Nagercoil GH.She has remained in ward number 118, in the intensive respiratory care unit since April 12 last year. Earlier she had spent 26 days in the Nagercoil hospital, taking her hospital day account to more than 300 days now.Rukmani's case shot into the limelight when helped by advocate R Alagumani, her husband filed a petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking that she be given proper treatment. The court ordered experts and specialists from Chennai to review the case who recommended that she continue to be treated at the GRH.As Ganeshan expressed his inability to meet the medical expenses, the court directed that the government take responsibility to provide accommodation and other help.According to Ganeshan, his wife who had been a healthy 78kg female has now shrunk to about 20 kgs. \"We are given accommodation, but I have spent all my life savings and sold and pawned my wife's jewellery to feed her and also meet our food expenses for the stay here,\" he said.Ganeshan spends about Rs 750 per day, to buy nutritious food like a protein drink and mutton soup, for Rukmani which is fed through her nose. \"My wife used to earn about Rs 3,000 a month by tailoring and it used to go a long way in augmenting our family income as my income as a coconut seller is not steady,\" he said.Ganeshan says that his family has come to the brink and even contemplated suicide.\"My son who is sitting for his SSLC this year keeps failing in many subjects, because we are not there to take care of him and my 14-year-old daughter is also undergoing a lot of trauma,\" he said.\"The doctors seem to have given up on my wife. They are not even giving her glucose or drips in the last few days and I fear that we will lose her,\" he said.Moved by the family's plight, P Baskaran, panchayat president of Melakrishnan Pudur in Nagercoil, wrote to chief minister J Jayalalithaa urging that the children's future be ensured by good jobs as they were on the verge of losing their mother, due to medical negligence.\"The chief minister's office responded immediately by forwarding the letter to the dean of the Nagercoil hospital and we were informed that all help will be given based on the court's verdict as the matter is still pending,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11407755", "title": "Chilika bird count to take flight today", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The annual bird census at the Chilika lake will be held on Sunday. Around 80 experts, including the staff of the forest department's wildlife division, will be engaged in the job from 6 am to 11 am.Ornithologists of the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), National Board of Wildlife, College of Veterinary Science, several wildlife activists will take part in the bird counting across the lake, divisional forest officer ( Chilika wildlife division) B P Acharya said. The1100-sq km vast lake will be divided into 17 sections to count the number of birds, he said. The participants were trained in census operations at Chandraput.Tourists were banned from entering the Nalabana bird sanctuary inside the lake from December 28 and fishermen have been requested not to use fishing boats in other areas of the lake because that would disturb the birds. On Sunday, only census officials will be allowed into Nalabana.Migratory birds from far off places like the Caspian Sea, Lake Baikal, remote parts of Russia , central and South East Asia and Ladakhand Himalayas descend on the lake every winter for feeding and roosting. They return with the onset of summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11408799", "title": "Strings wows Pune with spectacular show", "text": "PUNE: Thousands of lights sparkled across the facade of the historic venue. A fan screamed at a distance, followed by silence and anticipation. And then, the Shaniwarwada lawns, packed to capacity, burst in applause. Some jumped off their seats to catch a glimpse of Bilal Maqsood and Faisal Kapadia, the frontmen of the internationally acclaimed 'Strings,' as they took centrestage on Saturday.The Times Pune Festival had begun.\"How are you all doing tonight? It's so good to be in Pune. This city was the first place we performed while in India a decade ago, and it's always special to be here,\" Kapadia greeted the thrilled. \"I don't know why there are so many chairs in a rock concert. It's okay. You all will loosen up soon,\" he made a prediction which soon came true.The power in Kapadia's voice left the microphone redundant. Lights flashed, the nip in the winter air was hardly felt, as the duo sank into their opening number, 'Koi aane wala hai,' which had the romantic mood going in no time. 'Na jaane kyun,' picked as the soundtrack of Hollywood movie 'Spiderman 2', grew into an overpowering chant. The lyrics spoke about the futility of war and destruction. \"Can everybody flash their cellphones at us?\" asked Kapadia and the place flooded with swaying white lights.\"Amazing start with 'Koi aane wala hai', and fabulous performance by Kapadia. This is a great comeback for a pop-rock outfit,\" said Rasika Munot, a member of the audience. \"The drummer is extremely energetic and has the venue throbbing with music,\" said Purva Kothari. Next came 'Chaaye Chaaye' sung in adulation of a beautiful woman. \" We are going to sing a line, and you repeat after us,\" Kapadia said and the audience followed. 'Aakhri alvida', from the film 'Shootout at Lokhandwala,' took the evening to new heights. As the tempo amplified, the drums intermingling with the guitar, the audience yelled and broke into an ear-numbing applause. \"This song is very special for us, for it gave us the opportunity to work with actor Sanjay Dutt and director Sanjay Gupta,\" said Kapadia.'Zinda' then began with an overwhelming but melancholic tune, characteristic to the song's moving lyrics.The soulful 'Titliyan' streamed through next; red balloons - an undying symbol of love - floating through the evening air. \"This is a song close to our heart, and is dedicated to a fellow musician, Amit Saigal, who passed away recently,\" said the duo.\"This band has a diverse repertoire to its credit. They have never let their fans down. The art of performing and enthralling the audience runs in their veins. Kapadia's powerful voice is overwhelming. This is a band moulded to perfection with years of experience and experti s e, \" said Mohit Malhotra, a member of the audience.\"Thank you all for coming here. We feel blessed to be born in this era of social networking, for it is through these channels that we all can connect and come together, like tonight,\" Kapadia said. Up next was 'Sar kiye yeh pahar', released in 1992. It is the call of a lover who travels through a desert of yearning in quest of his beloved. This brought the audience to its feet as they sang and danced along. \"Strings got off to a rocking start. They have a spectacular percussionist,\" said Devika Khandekar. The title song of Strings' third album, 'Duur,' then took the mood to another planet. The Kapadia-Maqsood duo then sang 'Dhaani,' which means 'light green' in Urdu. It began with some After some tuneful drumming and eclectic guitar notes, and the fans rose and sang along with the musicians.\"Strings' smashing re-entry in 2000 put all my doubts to rest. They released 'Duur' and we knew that they were back with a bang. 'Zinda' too was a masterpiece. When I first heard this track, its haunting tune, a guitar strummed to perfection and moving lyrics, I had the goosebumps. I love that song,\" said another member of the audience.(Marriott Pune Hotel &amp; Convention Centre is the hospitality partner for The Times Pune Festival while Radio Mirchi is the radio partner.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11408305", "title": "City docs performed 3 heart surgeries at one go", "text": "NAGPUR: The patient had been a chain-smoker for decades. And yet, he said he had never known about his heart disease or diabetes. But all that changed in one stroke on November 28 last year.The heart attack was so massive that it caused a hole in his vital organ, completely destroyed one blood vessel and caused a balloon-like inflation in the heart. It was a condition so exceptional and dire, it needed an equally heroic effort.Therefore, the city's senior-most cardiac surgeon Dr PK Deshpande and cardiologist Dr Vikas Bisne performed three surgeries on the 57-year-old patient, Sudhakar Punse, a clerk in health department in Amravati. And that heroic effort we talked about?They performed the three procedures in one go. It may be the first, or at the most one of the handful such procedures, ever performed anywhere in the world.The doctors closed up a huge hole, corrected the inflation (aneurysm) in his left ventricle and performed an angioplasty and stenting of the left circumflex coronary artery of the patient. Punse is recovering well after the December 23 surgery.The other team members consisted of Dr Dilip Gupta, Dr Sandeep Khanzode, Dr MK Deshpande, Dr SK Deshpande, Dr Avantika Jaiswal and Ishad Jhamad.Dr PK Deshpande, who has done over 6,000 heart surgeries so far, admitted that it was a difficult case. Normally, a heart is covered by a layer called pericardium. Between the heart and the layer is a fluid called the pericardial fluid. In Punse's case, the pericardium was stuck to the heart. \"It is difficult to conduct a bypass on such patients as you cannot see or trace the cardiac vessels. The left anterior descending artery which caused the attack too was completely blocked. The dominant LCCA had 60-70% blockage. His left ventricle was swollen due to aneurysm . Since I had the hybrid OT facility, I could plan these procedures,\" he said.Dr Deshpande said that hybrid procedures are not new. So he first performed the two surgeries and then Dr Bisne did the angioplasty and the stenting. \"After searching the web, I didn't find any case in which these three procedures were performed in one go,\" he statedReacting to TOI's query if the procedure was the first such case, Dr Naresh Trehan, a renowned heart surgeon with Medicity, Gurgaon, initially said that hybrid procedures was common now. However, he later conceded that this combination may not have been performed earlier.Dr Anil Patwardhan, former department head of KEM Mumbai who now heads the department at Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences at Wardha, too acclaimed Dr Deshpande's work as unique. \"In this case, the decision for such series of operations was extremely apt as the patient's pericardium, which otherwise has a fluid underneath all over the heart, was badly stuck at many places. Doing a bypass could have been very risky or may not even have been possible. The triple procedure could save the patient's life. But I am not sure if this is the world's first such surgery,\" he said.Dr Jaya Prasanna from Wockhardt Hospitals too agreed with Dr Patwardhan.Punse said he was unaware of his heart ailment and diabetes. \"I never had symptoms of blood pressure or diabetes. Now I realize the gravity of the disease and cannot thank Dr Deshpande enough for saving my life,\" he said.The family was preparing for Sudhakar's daughter, Namrata's wedding. \"We were told about the risk involved. But he is the only earning member in family and we had to save him. We borrowed the entire 3.5 lakh from friends and relatives but Dr Deshpande never pressured us for money. We are paying him in instalments,\" said Namrata. Sudhakar's wife Pramila said, \"We could not expect anything better from even god.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11407059", "title": "City\u2019s public hosps set to expand with 3K new beds", "text": "MUMBAI: For Mumbaikars, the new year will herald a change for the better in the public healthcare sector, with many civic hospitals upgrading their infrastructure and adding more beds. By 2016, seven civic-run hospitals and the state-run JJ Hospital will have a total of 3,373 additional beds, of which nearly 1,150 will be open to the public by the end of this year.For instance, both Cooper Hospital in Vile Parle and Shatabdi Hospital in Kandivli are due for a massive overhaul complete with new buildings, which will be opened to patients and relatives by the end of 2012. The BMC's first trauma-care hospital in the suburbs, Azgaonkar Hospital, will open in Jogeshwari later this year.But the biggest news in the public healthcare sector is the upgradation of the state-run JJ Hospital on the lines of New Delhi's All-India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS). JJ will get a 20-storey super-specialty building, each floor measuring 32,000 sq feet.The building is expected to be ready by 2015-2016. Dr T P Lahane, dean of the JJ Group of Hospitals, said that the state government will add two new sections to the 1,500-bedded complex: a 300-bedded nursing home and an 800-bedded super specialty tower of 20 floors. \"We do have super specialty departments in the existing hospital, but now we will have a state-of-the-art department focusing mainly on high-tech care. The old hospital will provide basic care while the new one will only concentrate on specialized care,\" he said.All through 2012, the BMC will be either unveiling new hospitals or renovating old ones. Cooper Hospital in Vile Parle, which has only been partially operational after the main building caved in a few decades ago, will be a functional hospital complex by the year-end or early next year, said sources. Dr Seema Mallik, chief superintendent of the BMC suburban network of hospitals, said: \"Cooper Hospital will have a total of 580 beds.\"The other BMC hospital that will open around the same time as Cooper will be the Azgaonkar Trauma Care Hospital in Jogeshwari. Work on the 266-bedded trauma specialty that is located right on the highway had begun in 2009. \"The Azgaonkar centre is a new creation, and will functional by the end of this year,\" said Manisha Mhaiskar, additional municipal commissioner in charge of health. Civic officials are also planning ahead, with a number of major healthcare projects scheduled in the next five years. When work on Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli will be completed in 2016, it will be the BMC's largest healthcare centre in the northern suburbs. \"It will have a 25-storyed building housing 1,000 beds. But because it is a functional hospital, we are forced to go slow with the makeover,\" said a BMC official. The hospital's nursing training centre will be up and running later this year, after which work on the main hospital building will begin.Kandivli's Shatabdi Hospital has already opened its OPD building. By 2013, its 300-bedded new building will be operational. \"Apart from these, there is a BMC plot in Mankhurd, which is being developed by the MMRDA into a 350-bed hospital. It should be ready in the next two years,\" said Mhaiskar.Snehalata Deshmukh, former dean of Sion Hospital, pointed out that the city's health planners have to also ensure that the \"beds are catered to\". \"An increase in population means more diseases. The need for more space in healthcare will always be an issue. It will keep cropping up.But it is also necessary to recruit adequate staff-not just doctors and professors, but also paramedical staff,\" she said, adding that proper allocation of beds to departments is equally important. \"Specialties like gynaecology and cardiology are always in demand. With a rise in communicable diseases, beds should be increased in general medical wards,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11408605", "title": "Senior priest dead", "text": "MANGALORE: Rev Fr Casimir John Mathias, one of the senior most priests of the diocese of Mangalore, passed away on Saturday. The 94-year-old had been the priest for the past 65 years.His funeral mass will be celebrated at St Vincent Ferrer Church, Valencia, at 4 pm on Monday.The mortal remains will be interred at priests' cemetery in Valencia. He was born in Kinnigoli parish on November 9, 1917, to Joachim Mathias and Rosa Maria Fernandes. After his priestly studies at St Joseph's Seminary (Mangalore), he was ordained a priest of the diocese of Mangalore on the April 7, 1947.Having retired from active priestly ministry in 1988, he lived in Kankanady Vianney Home, which housed retired priests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407186", "title": "National level dog show today", "text": "PUNE: The Labrador retriever club of India, The Great Dane club of India and The Indian Boxer Club (Maharashtra chapter) have jointly organised a national level dog-show on Sunday at the Balewadi sports complex.The show will begin at 9 am and is open for all dog lovers. More than 300 dogs are participating in this event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406780", "title": "Constables nab snatcher", "text": "MUMBAI: A robber who was fleeing after robbing gold jewellery from a woman was chased and caught by alert police constables at Santa Cruz on Saturday morning.Santacruz police said, Ghatkopar resident Rakhi Kambli (28), who works with a private firm in Santacruz, was on her way to work on Saturday morning when the accused approached her near the Shabri restaurant in Santacruz. He pretended to ask her an address, showing her a chit of paper in his hand. As she bent forward to look at it closely, he snatched her gold chain, worth Rs 28,000 and pushed her to the ground.Kambli was stunned by the man's sudden action but managed to regain her presence of mind and started calling for help. Constables Vishwanath Suryavanshi and Dilip Chavan, attached to the Santacruz police station, immediately rushed forward.\"The two cops jumped into an autorickshaw waiting outside the hotel. They told the driver, Premchand Dubey, what had happened, and chased Dubey. The robber was nabbed before he could go very far,\" said an officer.The accused, later identified as Rajesh Kamble, was arrested for robbery. Kambli's gold chain was recovered from him and the police is now checking if he has a past criminal record. Kamble is a resident of Govandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11407945", "title": "Arunachal MP calls for cultural tolerence", "text": "ITANAGAR: Lok Sabha member Takam Sanjay has exhorted the people of Arunachal Pradesh to respect all cultures irrespective of religious affiliations. He was speaking at the Si-Donyi festival of the Tagin community at Naharlagun near Itanagar on Friday.Sanjoy said Si-Donyi is a festival symbolizing the New Year, which is celebrated to usher in welfare for all. He also congratulated the communities on the occasion and assured to contribute Rs 20 lakh for improving the festival ground set up recently near the Naharlagan Helipad.\"Maintenance of peace and unity is paramount to every citizen of Arunachal Pradesh. All of us should endeavor to respect the sentiment of all denizens residing in the state,\" Sanjoy said as he called upon one and all to develop the value of tolerance and charity that bind together all societies.The MP also released the Si-Donyi festival souvenir 'Diibe Nyiiling', which highlights the rich traditional heritage of the Tagin culture and heritage.Si-Donyi signifying 'earth and sun', the vital force of all life forms, is celebrated by the Tagin community of Upper Subansiri district to bring welfare and peace for all living beings on the earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11408460", "title": "150 people treated for eye infections", "text": "BHOPAL: Around 150 people, who were suffering from eye infections, were administered symptomatic treatment at the Jawaharlal Nehru Hospital here on Saturday.Hospital authorities claimed that the infection was due to flash burns (welders flash) due to excessive exposure to ultraviolet light.According to eye specialist Madan Kalyani, the patients were treated for flash burns, an occurrence when the cornea (the clear tissue that covers the eyes) is exposed to ultraviolet light like the welding torch.\"There were symptoms of excessive exposure to ultraviolet light combined with oral infection through rubbing of eyes,\" said Dr Kalyani.According to hospital authorities, all the patients were from the same locality, who were attending a birthday party late on Friday night.Those suffering with the infection reportedly were exposed to the bright halogen lights.Symptoms develop five to 10 hours after exposure. \"They woke up with burning watery eyes, red eyes, blurred vision, and sensitivity to light. Flash burns are painful and can cause permanent damage,\" said Dr Kalyani.Doctors advised that flash burns can be easily prevented by using eye protection and avoid direct and constant exposure to ultraviolet light. The victims were treated with eye drops, pain killers and eye padding to rest the eye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11408831", "title": "Cancer expert allays fears of Kaiga villagers", "text": "KARWAR: Stung by the 'misinformation' campaign that cancer is spreading in and around the Kaiga Generating Plant (KGN), the top brass of Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) on Saturday undertook a damage control exercise. Experts from Tata Memorial Center (TMC) and NPCL were brought to Kaiga and a seminar was held on 'Scientific meet on radiation and cancer.' The expert assured the villagers that there were no increased cases of cancer in Kaiga or near any other nuclear reactor in India.Dr Rajendra Badwe, director, professor and head of the breast cancer , department of TMC, who explained on radiation and cancer said that in India cancer cases are high in north eastern (NE) states compared to the rest of the country.The NE states have no nuclear plants, he said. Cancer is almost 25 % higher in Goa compared to Bangalore and Mumbai and there is no relation between cancer and the radiation by the nuclear reactors, he argued. Referring to reports by experts, scientists and health organizations, Badwe said that routine medical diagnostic procedures such as dental x-ray, chest x-ray, CT scan etc too emit radiation dose several times higher than those from a nuclear power plant. He said that TMC in association with the prominent local medical colleges has carried out epidemiological survey of NPCIL employees at each nuclear power plant in India. The study has found that prevalence of congenital birth defects is only 0.45 percent among NPCIL employees", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11407156", "title": "Man fined 26L over registration of SUV", "text": "MUMBAI: An SUV owner has been made to pay Rs 26 lakh as penalty and tax for not declaring his vehicle, which was registered in Chandigarh, at Mumbai RTO and driving it in the city for over a year without paying the local road tax.RTO officials said the owner, a businessman from Pune, registered the SUV in Chandigarh and had paid the one-time road tax there. \"But the tax, amounting to a paltry sum of Rs 2,100, is applicable in Chandigarh only. Going by the law, if the vehicle is taken to another state, the owner is supposed to declare it to the RTO there and pay the local tax.He did not do that,\" said assistant regional transport officer Tanaji Chavan, adding that the equivalent road tax in Mumbai was around Rs 21 lakh at the time of the registration of the vehicle.The anomaly was discovered in November when a flying squad of Wadala RTO stopped the SUV. \"We inspected the documents of the car and on questioning the owner, we learnt that the vehicle was being driven in Maharashtra for nearly a year but the local RTO was not informed about it,\" Chavan said. He added that the owner approached the court, but the matter was referred back to the Wadala RTO. \"After calculating the tax and the fine, we have imposed a penalty of Rs 26 lakh,\" Chavan said.This is not a stray case and there have been several instances in which car owners have been caught for registering foreign-make vehicles outside the state to evade hefty taxes here. \"There is nothing wrong in registering your car/SUV outside Maharashtra and transferring it to Mumbai, but you need to intimate the Mumbai RTO within seven days of the shift and pay the necessary taxes if you are driving the vehicle for a longer period within the city,\" Chavan said.A source from the transport commissioner's office, said, \"We have now made it compulsory for people to produce their residence-proof documents to ensure that those staying in a particular area register cars at RTO offices of that jurisdiction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407787", "title": "Now, Congress woos MGP", "text": "PANAJI: Even as the BJP is talking to the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) for a pre-poll alliance, the Congress is strongly wooing Goa's oldest regional party for a pact.Chairman of MGP's five-member committee constituted to finalize an alliance, transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, met the Congress high command in New Delhi on Saturday.Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar said, \"Dhavalikar met Ahmed Patel, political secretary to AICC president Sonia Gandhi , and discussed the alliance issue.\" He added that a final decision on an alliance is expected after January 14. \"We still want to continue the Congress-MGP-NCP alliance,\" Shirodkar said.Sources in the MGP, however, said an alliance with the Congress is doubtful. The party's alliance committee member, MGP president and Sudin's brother, Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar, recently said the MGP is not interested in an alliance with the Congress.Shirodkar, meanwhile, said the Congress Screening Committee (CSC) meeting, scheduled for Saturday, has been postponed. The CSC meeting was meant to finalize candidates from 168 shortlisted names and also to discuss the NCP seat-sharing issue. The meeting was deferred as committee chairman Oscar Fernandes and a few others were not in New Delhi. Fernandes who was scheduled to visit Goa on Saturday is in South India. Shirodkar and chief minister Digambar Kamat were in New Delhi to attend the CSC meeting and met Patel.INSET 1Mins, MLA talk tickets with PatelEducation minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate, Cumbarjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar, PWD minister Churchill Alemao and urban development minister Joaquim Alemao on Saturday met Ahmed Patel in the presence of Goa chief minister Digambar Kamat, Goa desk in-charge J S Brar and AICC secretary Sudhakar Reddy.Sources said Monserrate, the Alemao brothers and Madkaikar discussed tickets for their relatives. Monserrate also raised the issue of Canacona BJP MLA Vijay Pai Khot joining the Congress. He has always opposed Khot's entry into the party as he supports the candidature of former Poinguinim MLA Isidore Fernandes. Sources in the Congress said the central leaders, however, appear to be in favour of Khot's induction into the party.Halarnkar not to join CongTourism minister Nilkanth Halarnkar denied that he has any plans to join the Congress. There were rumors on Saturday that Halarnkar may contest the assembly polls on a Congress ticket. But Halarnkar told STOI, \"I am the founder member of NCP's Goa unit. I have contested three elections on the NCP ticket and I will contest this assembly election on the NCP ticket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408198", "title": "Woman commits suicide in Naroda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 26-year-old woman hanged herself in Naroda reportedly for not being able to feed her one- year-old daughter. Investigators, however, are suspicious about this theory and have started investigating whether it was the fallout of a family feud.According to Naroda police officials, Asha Shalin, 26, a resident of Sundarvan Society, married Prakash two years ago. She gave birth to Suhani in 2010. Prakash's family said in a statement that since the last few months, Suhani was not keeping well and refused to take food despite several attempts from Asha. The mother became depressed as a result and hanged herself in her room on Friday evening.\"However, Asha's father has lodged a complaint accusing her in-laws for suicide abatement,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11409005", "title": "Pathbreakers wanted", "text": "What's common between Ritwik Ghatak's 'Ajantrik' and 'Jukti Tokko Goppo' , Buddhadeb Dasgupta's 'Durutyo' , Barin Saha's 'Tero Nodir Pare' , Nimai Ghosh's 'Chinnamul' , Mrinal Sen's 'Baishey Shravan' , 'Kolkata 71', 'Interview' , 'Bhuvan Shome' and 'Padatik' ? All these movies, in their own way, offered new cinematic experiences and were, more often than not, far ahead of their times.Cut to contemporary Bengali cinema and today , there is no dearth of filmmakers churning out intelligent and smartly-made movies. Even if one were not to use the term 'experimental fare' to avoid the risk of being drawn into the quagmire of linguistic debate over what constitutes experimentation, how many of them are actually offering new cinematic experiences?Unfortunately, the number of movies from the land of Ray, Ghatak and Sen that are truly pushing envelop is too few and far between. Madhuja Mukherjee's first feature, titled 'Carnival' , has been selected for its world premiere at the 41st International Film Festival Rotterdam in the Bright Future category . Q's 'Gandu' has become a toast of many international film festivals including Berlin and London . Moinak Biswas' 'Sthaniya Sambaad' too has done its share of festival rounds. But this number isn't flattering from an industry that churns out over a 100 movies in a year? In the last decade, Bengal has produced only 'Uttara' , 'Kaalpurush' , 'Herbert' , 'Mahanagar@Kolkata' , 'Byatikromi' , 'Arekti Premer Golpo' , 'Andhokarer Shobdo' , 'Houseful' , 'Aamra' and 'Clerk' that attempted to challenge the accepted parameters of movie-making .So, what's going wrong? Lack of talent and government patronage? Absence of the film society movement or a radically-charged environment to trigger the directors into thinking in terms of creating an alternative cinematic language? Ask Moinak Biswas, film studies professor and director of 'Sthaniya Sambaad' , and he says, \"When Mrinal Sen made those movies, he was inspired by French Radical cinema and New Latin America's cinema. There is a strong culture of avant-garde and independent cinema across the world. This culture is very vibrant even in countries like Thailand , Malaysia and Philippines . But, where is that attempt in Bengal today? Here, makers are too obsessed with drawing room drama of the middle class to contemplate about anything else.\"Explains the maker of 'Clerk' , Subhadro Chowdhury (professor, direction, SRFTI), \"In Kolkata, directors are not putting themselves at stake, they are happy putting a formula at stake. In the name of new experimental fare, what's happening is that people are using a public forum to express what they would have otherwise said in personal quarters after having ganja and rum.\"That, says composer Indraadip Das Gupta, doesn't qualify as any example of a new cinematic vision . \"What's happening today in the name of experimental cinema is shock therapy. Few contemporary movies that were really experimental would be 'Herbert' and 'Aamra' . The form of Birsa Dasgupta's '033' was to some extent experimental. But there is neither a Mani Kaul kind of an experimentation happening in Kolkata nor an Anurag Kashyap-stylled 'Dev.D' or 'Shaitan' -styled innovation in terms of form of Bengali cinema. Tollywood still prefers to hear linear stories. Let's not fool ourselves into thinking that just by using nudity and foul language, one can become an independent filmmaker with an experimental tag,\" Dasgupta says.Director Amit Sen of 'Natobar Notout' admits that his efforts at experimenting had indeed gone sour. \"An experiment is a methodical procedure carried out with the goal of verifying, falsifying, or establishing the validity of a hypothesis. But when we refer to experiments in film, we probably tend to indicate the emerging patterns of shift in cinematic language. I am not sure whether Bengali cinema has come of age in terms of playing with the language as well as form. I can only speak for myself . I did try to catch the bull by the horns in 'Natobar' and ended up getting bruised. I did try to package Tagore in a form, hitherto unexplored. I had him actually perform on screen. Out of necessity, the content was deeply steeped in literature - but it proved counter productive. Contrary to popular belief, I will not claim that the film was ahead of its time. I will simply put it this way - I failed as a director.\"Very few directors would admit in print about their failed experiments and would rather live in denial. This often resulted in a false sense of pride for self-indulgent makers, who made it imperative for viewers to praise their complex and tangentially difficult movies for fear of being called ignorant!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11407086", "title": "Cooler factory gutted in Amravati MIDC", "text": "AMRAVATI: Property worth around Rs 80 lakh was gutted in a fire that broke out in a cooler manufacturing factory - Cool Tech Enterprises - located in sector E-1 of MIDC on Saturday afternoon.Prima facie it appears short circuit could have triggered the fire. Owner Shrikrishna Dande said that the accident took place when welding work was going on in the factory.He claimed that property worth Rs 80 lakh was gutted in the fire but fire department is yet to ascertain the final figure of the loses. It took two hours for five fire tenders and two tankers to douse the fire.Development panel visits AmravatiAmravati: The Equivalent Regional Development Committee members visited Amravati and took stock of various programmes being implemented by the district administration on Saturday. The committee members include Vinayak Deshpande, Kapil Chandrayan, Dr Shrihari Chawa and SD Bhave.Speaking to TOI, collector Rahul Mahiwal said, \"The four-member committee inquired about the geographical condition of the district. They also sought inputs on agriculture, education, irrigation, industrialization scenario of the district.\"Sources said that the committee members took detailed information about condition of crop, available of irrigation facility, horticulture aspect, irrigation potential, information pertaining to increment in the farmer's income, supplementary business, dairy business, health facilities available in the district etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11408340", "title": "CBI recovers Bhanwari's watch, calls it important evidence", "text": "JODHPUR: The Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) recovered more items from the crime scene near Jaloda village in Jodhpur, reportedly belonging to Bhanwari Devi on Saturday.On the third day, the team continued to scan the crater where she was allegedly burnt and the canal where her ashes and belongings were dumped. They recovered a watch, pendant, earring, foortring, pieces of bone, a mobile phone and a vehicle's registration plate.In addition to this, a shirt, shawl and the upper portion of jeans was found from the canal, all of which are said to belong to Kailash Jakhar. It has now almost been confirmed that Bhanwari Devi's body was disposed of at Jaloda by Bishnaram's gang.The CBI is looking at the recovery of the wrist watch as a major breakthrough in the case as Om Prakash, a member of Bishnaram's gang, in his statements, had said the watch was thrown into the canal along with other belongings of the nurse.\"We were waiting for this watch as this is an important recovery and evidence\", said Dharini Mishra, CBI spokesperson. \"Besides this, wooden bat, jewellery and teeth are also important recoveries for us as they matched with the statements of the disposers\", she said, and lauded the police for assisting the agency in the search operation.The watch is in working condition. Mishra said all the objects will be sent to Delhi for forensic examination.Likewise, the wooden bat was also a significant recovery for the CBI for its evidentiary value. This bat was recovered by the divers on Friday, which had stone tied to it to ensure that it remained under water.Bishnaram was taken to Jaloda for the verification of the spot and was asked to narrate the events from burning her body to dumping the remains in the canal.The search operation continued till evening and National Security Guard (NSG) commandos were also called to the spot.Meanwhile, the anticipatory bail plea of Indra Bishnoi, sister of Congress MLA from Luni constituency Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, was rejected by a court here.CBI advocate SS Yadav said the bail was rejected on the basis of the arguments related to her involvement in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406353", "title": "Chanchalguda prisoners to be shifted to new blocks", "text": "HYDERABAD: Most inmates of the Central Prison, Chanchalguda will shortly be shifted to the three new blocks that have come up on the jail premises. Special class prisoners, however, will have to stay put in the old quarters as there is no provision on the new premises for them.Though the blocks were ready last year, they were being used by newly-recruited warders undergoing training. \"We plan to shift the prisoners to the new blocks on March 6. The training of the warders will be completed by March 5,\" DIG prisons (Telangana region) B Samuel Johnson said.The two-storeyed new barracks boast of better facilities for prisoners with proper ventilation and western toilets.The Chanchalguda prison is swarming with prisoners, including several high-profile persons who have now got a temporary address because of the ongoing investigations into various cases mainly by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).While the newest entrant is V Vijay Sai Reddy, financial advisor to several companies of YS Jaganmohan Reddy, there are others big names too. Former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhan Reddy, an accused in the illegal mining case, is a special class prisoner lodged here along with OMC managing director B V Srinivas Reddy.Koneru Prasad, accused in the Emaar case, is also behind bars here. Until some time back, former chairman of Satyam, Ramalinga Raju was lodged here until he got out on bail. During the last few months of his stay in jail, he was enjoying special class facilities. Nookarapu Suryaprakash, who runs a Telugu newspaper, is another special class prisoner here undergoing trial in a bank fraud case. A special class prisoner is entitled for a separate room, a cot, table and separate cooking facilities.DIG Samuel Johnson said there was a proposal to construct more new buildings on the Chanchalguda jail premises after razing the existing old structures. Once they are ready, facilities for special class prisoners too would be upgraded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406734", "title": "Rath yatra draws crowds", "text": "MUMBAI: A sea of Krishna devotees gathered to join the annual Jagannath rath yatra organized by Iskcon at the chowpatty in Shivaji Park on Saturday. An estimated two lakh devotees had attended the previous year, and this season's headcount is expected to surpass that figure. Representatives of the order say that a fair number of non-Hindus also attended.The widely known chariot festival or rath yatra of Puri that is replicated in Mumbai serves as an opportunity for devotees who cannot visit the temple town of Orissa.The highlight of Saturday's procession was a 25-ft tall chariot that bore the idols of Lord Krishna, Balram and Subhadra. Preparations to build and decorate it had been under way since a month.Iskcon Chowpatty's youth group has been holding this event for the past six years, and each time, young professionals as well as students who are members take a month off from work to serve the Lord.On Saturday, the grand prayer or 'maha aarti' launched the event around 2pm. After this, the procession began from Shivaji Park and wound its way to Sena Bhavan and Portuguese Church before returning to Shivaji Park shortly after 5pm.Local residents of Dadar and Shivaji Park routinely accompany the deities for short distances but there are also those who arrive from the suburbs. \"We are able to gauge the number of visitors from the plates of prasad we distribute,\" said Iskcon spokesperson Lucky Kulkarni. A lavish 'chhappan bhog' comprising 56 dishes was offered to the Lord at 7.00 pm before being distributed to the assembly.The evening schedule began with a lecture by Radhanath Swami Maharaj of Iskcon Chowpatty followed by a laser show. Children are an integral part of ISKCON so a fun fair was especially devised for them. In another section of the maidan, the organization held an exhibition of the various welfare projects it has undertaken, including an eco-farm.ISKCON has four branches across Mumbai and individual centres organise their own rath yatra to serve their constituency. The Ghatkopar temple will host its chariot festival on January 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11408383", "title": "Kerala scientists come up with a better alternative to ampicillin", "text": "KOCHI: Providing a better alternative to ampicillin, an antibiotic which is being used widely, a group of scientists from Kochi has successfully produced lactoferrin gene of Vechur cow, the milk of which is rich in medicinal properties, using genetic engineering tools.The research paper published in 'Gene', the international journal of functional and evolutionary genomics, the other day finds that arginine content in Vechur cow milk is more than that in the milk of other cows.The scientists from SCMS Institute of Biotechnology in Kochi, led by C Mohan Kumar, the director of the institute and Salini Bhasker and Anisha S first isolated the lactoferrin gene from the milk of Vechur cow and cloned it into bacteria and sequenced it.'' Then we compared the gene sequence with that of the gene of other cows and noticed mutation at 15 points in the former. It is this mutation called single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) that helps the Vechur cow to produce more arginine - the medicinal property which has multi-dimensional therapeutic uses. We could locate the exact positions of arginine in the sequence using 3D structure analysis,'' Mohan Kumar said.Arginine is an amino acid which has the powers to heal wounds and held cell proliferation and cell signalling. Arginine can also be used for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases as it increases blood circulation. Then lactoferrin was transferred to bacteria which expressed or produced recombinant lactoferrin protein.In the next phase, the scientists compared the recombinant lactoferrin (the one produced through genetic engineering) with the native lactoferrin and those of other breeds. The comparison revealed that the recombinant lactoferrin is equal to the native one in every aspect and also that the medicinal properties in the former are richer than the same in the lactoferrin in the milk of other breeds.The comparison also showed that the recombinant lactoferrin has more arginine content than that in ampicillin. As far as fighting bacteria is concerned, the lactoferrin has clear advantage over ampicillin. While ampicillin is bactericidal in nature and kills the bacteria, lactoferrin is bacteriostatic as well as bactericidal. The quality of lactoferrin to absorb iron from the surroundings keeps the bacteria starving, while the bactericidal properties attack the membrane of the bacteria and kill it.The invention assumes much significance as arginine supplements are being given to pregnant women in developed countries as it helps a lot in the proper growth of foetus. So, the lactoferrin of Vechur cow has much therapeutic and nutritional values.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11413061", "title": "India-made hearing aid to cost below Rs 3,000", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is recognised the worldover as a pioneer in the field of low-cost innovation, be it Tata Motor's Nano car or the government-aided Aakash tablet project, and now it is time for a hearing aid priced at Rs 2,000-3,000 to have a disruptive effect in the market.\"C-DAC has developed such devices which will cost between Rs 2,000 to Rs 3,000 for each million units produced. Hearing aid devices with similar features sell at a price between Rs 10 thousand and upward of Rs 1 lakh, which is out of Indian customers' reach,\" DIT Joint Secretary Ajay Kumar said.The Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) started development of the affordable hearing aid under project 'Tarang', funded by the Department of Information Technology (DIT), and is currently conducting field trials, Kumar said.\"After completion of field trials, C-DAC will commercialise this technology for production within the country,\" Kumar said.He said the field trials will be finished within a year, after which the process of commercialisation will start.\"These devices are re-programmable, which means that a user will not have to buy a separate device if his/her hearing ability fluctuates over a period of time,\" Kumar said.CMC Vellore, the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences and others partnered with C-DAC to develop this hearing aid.Project Tarang was conceptualised on the basis of a recommendation by an Inter-Ministerial Group with the objective of showcasing the capability of Indian technocrats to develop affordable medical devices without compromising on technology and quality.\"Simultaneously, we were looking for affordable devices for Indian customers. This will also help in curbing import of medical devices in the long run and promote electronic manufacturing in the country,\" Kumar said.The Indian medical electronics market is estimated to be worth around USD 2.5 billion and is growing at a compound annual growth rate of 15 per cent. Out of this, 80 per cent of the products are imported, mainly from the USA, Japan and Germany.A joint research report of the Indian Semiconductor Association and research agency Frost and Sullivan expects its size to grow to around USD 5 billion by 2020.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406449", "title": "'Better research in applied sciences'Nobel laureate speaks at varsity", "text": "MUMBAI: Nobel Laureate Professor Kurt Wuthrich was in Mumbai University to deliver a lecture on Impact of research in natural noble sciences on human daily life. Wuthrich stressed on the need to strengthen the researches in applied sciences in India.India has progressed a lot in basic sciences but lags behind in terms of applied sciences, he said. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2002 for his development in nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy for determining three-dimensional structure of biological macromolecules in solution.He mentioned that NMR in structural biology gives new remedies for diseases like HIV and cancer. From this academic year, the university has initiated Nobel Laureate Lecture Series for which recipients will be invited to speak in their discipline. It was the first lecture of this lecture- series. The university has allocated Rs 50, 00,000 for the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411118", "title": "Ashutosh Rana to appear in a play", "text": "Ace actor Ashutosh Rana who has given sterling performances in films like Dushman, Sangharsh, Badal and Raaz would soon be appearing in a play whose first show would be held in Varanasi.\"Currently I am working for a project which would be staged in the months to come,\" reveals the actor who also has some interesting projects lined up in this year among which is Zila Ghaziabad that also stars Sanjay Dutt , Suresh Oberoi and Arshad Warsi . The actor plays the character of President of the State Bar Council.The actor who has dabbled in a variety of roles says, \"it is easier to be do a particular genre of roles rather to experiment. Evolving a style through similar kind of roles certainly earns a brand status to the star which is heady for the artist. But brands have their limitations as they are confined to an era after which they wither in the oblivion. Experimentation is initially tough but it is more long lasting,\" says actor\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11406159", "title": "PET scan can help early detection of Alzheimer\u2019s", "text": "NEW DELHI: Physicians may soon be able to predict dementia or the onset of Alzheimer's disease (AD) years before clinical symptoms start to show.In a new review of imaging studies that spanned more than 10 years, scientists have found that a positron emission tomography (PET) scan - usually used for cancer patients - can safely and accurately detect dementia.Researchers reviewed numerous studies that combine PET, which provides functional images of biological processes, with an injected biomarker called 18F-FDG to pinpoint key areas of metabolic decline in the brain indicating dementia.Having physiological evidence of neurodegenerative disease by imaging patients with PET could give doctors the information they need to make more accurate diagnosis earlier than ever before. \"The new data support the role of 18F-FDG PET as effective to assess patients with symptoms of dementia,\" says Nicolaas Bohnen, lead author of the study and professor of radiology and neurology at University of Michigan .\"This will now improve physician confidence when diagnosing a patient with dementia. This process can be difficult for physicians, especially when evaluating younger patients or those who have subtle signs of disease,\" Bohnen said. The research is featured in The Journal of Nuclear Medicine's January issue.This scientific evidence could be highly beneficial for India as an estimated 37 lakh are affected by AD, and the figure is expected to double by 2030.The PET biomarker 18F-FDG comprises a radionuclide combined with fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG), which mimics glucose in the body. Cells metabolize FDG as fuel, and the variation in this uptake by cells throughout the body can then be imaged to detect a range of abnormalities.In case of dementia, marked reductions in the metabolism of different lobes of the cerebral cortex can confirm a patient's disorder. Physicians can tell AD apart from other dementias, depending on the specific cortices affected.\"For the first time, imaging biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease are included in the newly revised clinical diagnostic criteria for the disease,\" says Bohnen. \"This is a major shift in disease definition, as previously an Alzheimer's diagnosis was based mainly on a process of evaluating patients to exclude possible trauma, hemorrhage, tumor or metabolic disorder. Now it is becoming a process of inclusion based on biomarker evidence from molecular imaging,\" he adds.TOI had recently reported how another biomarker called Flutemetamol was being tested to predict AD early. The build-up of beta amyloid plaques in the brain lead to the degeneration of neurons ultimately causing AD. AD is confirmed by identifying the presence of these beta amyloid plaques in post-mortem brain samples.Alzheimer's Disease International estimated that globally there were 35.6 million dementia patients in 2010, that will rise to 65.7 million by 2030 and 115.4 million by 2050.Now, Alzheimer's can be diagnosed only when a patient has already advanced to the dementia stage and there's an impact on daily living. The most disturbing feature of the disease is the difficulty in determining whether mild memory loss is the beginning of AD or just part of normal ageing.The early stage of the disease is often overlooked and incorrectly labeled as normal old-age outcomes. This discovery could be of prime importance for India where by 2050, an average Indian might live from the current 64.7 years to 75.6 years. According to the 2006 World Population Prospects by the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs, the number of Indians aged above 80 will increase more than six times from the existing 78 lakh to about 5.14 crore by 2050. Now, only 20% in this category in India suffers from AD, which is often called the old man's disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11408612", "title": "Anganwadi food is in for makeover", "text": "MANGALORE: Food given to children in anganwadis could get a total makeover as early as next week if C C Patil, minister for women and child welfare, has his way. \"When language and food habits in Karnataka change with every 50 to 60 km that one travels, it is not prudent to have a single menu for anganwadis across Karnataka,\" is Patil's reasoning and he wants to go in for area-based food menu for the children. Interacting with mediapersons on the sidelines of launch of website of Bal Bharat Srujanotsav here on Saturday, Patil said the department is planning to bring about comprehensive changes in the food served at anganwadis.\"Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and his predecessor B S Yeddyurappa have been strong votaries of area-based food,\" Patil said, adding that the new menu would have 4-5 items based on local tastes. On the issue of government officials employing children as domestic help at their residences, Patil, with specific reference to recent incident involving Deputy Conservator of Forests O Pallaiah here, said officials indulging in such an act is a big offence. \"Members of the executive who are tasked with taking forward the agenda of development have to be more responsible in their conduct,\" Patil said, adding when they falter, appropriate legal action will follow.Acknowledging the need for a joint meeting with the officials and minister in the ministry of labour to deal with the issues of child labour across the state, Patil said in the specific instance of Pallaiah, he has sought information from the local authorities concerned on the case. On the future course of action against the DCF, Patil said: \"I will seek legal opinion on who should recommend for action against the official before taking a call on it. \"Dismissing suggestions that delayed payment to anganwadi workers was a common occurrence, Patil said in the link-document system of releasing funds to panchayati raj bodies, the government releases funds to departments for every quarter at the start of the quarter. There are some specifics cases where payments are being delayed to workers in certain districts, Patil said, adding it is not due to paucity of funds and would be addressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "11408530", "title": "Vendetta attack: Auto driver\u2019s family wiped out in Loni", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The family of an autorickshaw driver was murdered in their rented accommodation in Loni. The driver narrowly escaped while his wife, two daughters and son were killed with knives and swords.Police said the attack was in retaliation for the murder of a relative of the accused.Driver Nawab has accused five people in the FIR, two of whom have been arrested. He escaped with serious injuries and has been hospitalized. The police said Nawab was one of the accused in a murder case filed five months ago. He had recently been released on bail.\"Nawab lived with his wife Rukhsana (37), daughters Sama (18) and Alia (9), and son Amrin (6) at Sudhir Enclave in Loni. He earlier lived in Sahibabad, where the murder in which he was accused took place. Expecting a backlash he had moved to Loni after getting bail. Nawab said he had visited the district court last week where Kallu, Pali, Naim, Siraj and Hanif , all relatives of victim Asif, threatened to avenge the murder but he did not take them seriously ,\" said a police officer.Nawab said that around midnight on Friday, the five men knocked at his door. They attacked Sama the moment she came out. Nawab hid behind a trunk while the assailants stabbed his family members with knives and swords.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11408077", "title": "Desi delights charm overseas visitors at swadeshi fair", "text": "BOKARO: Chinese goods may be making inroads into every Indian household, but the popularity of Indian goods is also high with the Chinese. This was evident at the Swadeshi Mela organised by the Swadeshi Jagran Manch at the Mazdoor Ground of Sector-IV here on Saturday. Russian and Chinese visitors became great patrons of Indian products.The fair, organised to promote indegenous industry, evoked a huge response from overseas shoppers, who were seen buying Indian products and enjoying India's favorite pani-puri, litti-chokha and dosa. Presently there are two dozen Russians residing in BSL township while more than 1,200 Chinese are working at the Electrosteel Steel Limited. \"Can I have a pair of these flower pots?\" asked a Russian couple to a vendor selling terracotta items. \"How do you make these?\" they asked, charmed by their artistry.Apart from them, the Chinese were seen enjoying their day at the fair. They were seen buying pickles, spices, clothes and other home-made products. Indian furniture also attracted many of them. Chinese women lapped up Indian jewellery. There are around 130 Indian companies of automobiles, real estate, housing, clothing and furniture, which have set up their counters. They have come from different parts of the country and are doing brisk business expecting more visitors on Sunday.\"In the past two days, nine visitors, including Chinese and Russians, have visted my stall,\" said Kripya Narayan Verma, Lucknow.Dilip Verma, one of the organizers, said overseas visitors are descending in large numbers at the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11408439", "title": "PCB to keep tabs on battery producers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board will regulate manufacturing and handling of battery products in the state. A meeting of officials, battery manufacturers and recyclers at the TNPCB headquarters on Friday decided to strengthen measures to crack down on unauthorised melting of lead from waste battery products, which poses a health hazard.Amending the Batteries (Management and Handling Rule) 2001, the pollution control board will also ask manufacturers to restrict the sale of battery products to authorised dealers. State environment minister B V Ramana, who participated in the meeting, said those involved in melting of batteries should take permission from the authorities.\"The licences of those who do not follow this rule will be cancelled,\" said R Kumar, TNPCB joint chief environment engineer, who heads the special training programme for manufacturers and recyclers in the state.TNPCB is also planning to train recyclers on a safe melting process. There are 19 battery manufacturers in the state, most of them in Coimbatore, Hosur, Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram. \"Most of these manufacturing units are surrounded by recycling units. All of them have been are informed of the new measures,\" said Kumar.According to TNPCB officials, many lead battery companies are not complying withthecollection provisions of the Lead Battery Management and Handling Rules (2001). \"The system has to be improved to ensure that most lead batteries are being collected and taken to registered recyclers. Used lead batteries are also not being collected in sufficient quantities,\" said a TNPCB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11407531", "title": "Brickbats for magazine that wrote a story on Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Tension prevailed in the city after AIADMK cadre took to the streets in protest against a Tamil magazine publishing an \"offensive\" article on their party leader and chief minister J Jayalalithaa . The office of 'Nakkeeran,' which published the article, came under attack on Saturday. Two of the magazine staffers were injured in stone throwing, and had to be taken to hospital.AIADMK activists staged protests at more than 50 places in the city, blocking traffic and burning effigies of the magazine's editor R R Gopal. Addressing reporters near the Nakkeeran office in Royapettah, AIADMK leader E Madhusudanan said the party cadre were not indulging in any violence. \"We are staging demonstrations to show our objection to the article. Those who pelted stones at the magazine office were not our people,\" he said.Gopal said some people were trying to stop shopkeepers from selling Nakkeeran copies since Saturday morning. \"People who feel offended about what we've published should approach the court, and not pelt stones at our office and damage our computers. Two of our staffs - Anbumani , a computer operator, and Sivakumar, a security guard- were injured in the attack,\" he said.Reporters who were talking to Gopal found themselves trapped when protesters had locked the gate from outside. Police came and broke the lock to let the journalists out after an hour. Some 500 AIADMK activists had gathered in front of the magazine office. Later, the AIADMK lawyers' wing filed a complaint with city police commissioner J K Tripathy against Gopal for publishing \"false news and creating law and order problem\" in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408809", "title": "Hoax bomb call in school", "text": "MYSORE: A hoax bomb call created panic in St Joseph's school in Jayalakshmipuram here on Saturday. Following the threat call students came out of the school building around 11.30am.Police arrived to the spot along with the dog and bomb squad. After checking the classrooms, toilets and other places in the school, officials said that it was a hoax call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11408688", "title": "Sleaze biz no longer sexy", "text": "HYDERABAD: A houseful theatre, echoing with whistles and hoots and an audience comprising mesmerised men from all walks of life watching their fantasies being played on the silver screen. This used to be the scene at city theatres many moons ago. The scene today, however, is shockingly different.Walk into one of these theatres today and you will fi nd just a handful of people, comprising students and men from the lesser privileged sections of the society who do not have regular access to the internet. And they are far from mesmerised by the scenes they watch, they no longer idolize and worship the women they see. The spell of sleaze seems to have been broken.The numbers have taken such a steep plunge that theatres in the city whose names are synonymous with these adult films are considering a revamp to jump on to the mainstream bandwagon. At Rajeshwar theatre in Secunderabad on a weekday morning there were two people in the balcony and a few more in the dress circle during a screening of 'Pachi Mirapakaya', a Tamil film dubbed in Telugu, the posters of which show its heroine Namitha bathing in the ocean nearly topless.Talking about the dipping numbers in this business, Sai Babu, manager of Tarakarama theatre, Kacheguda, which is known to screen movies like 'Jhoom Uthee Jawani' and 'Yehi Hai U Turn' said that all theatres in the city screening these fi lms have been incurring losses. \"On average, we buy these films for around Rs 1 lakh. But the returns are minimal and we suffer a huge loss. We just keep our theatre running somehow so that we don't lose the land to land sharks and other land grabbers.\" An insider revealed that many such theatres screen more graphic fi lms on public demand while displaying posters of soft porn films. However, even that does not help the profi ts signifi cantly.With such gloomy statistics, theatre owners have no choice but to shift to the mainstream bandwagon. \"In a year or two, we are going to renovate our theatre into Tarakarama multiplex,\" said Sai Babu. Jayram, manager, Deepak theatre, Narayanguda said, \"We used to screen such films long ago. But we stopped it because we wanted to cater to a wider audience.\" Lamba theatre, another cinema hall well known for screening soft porn fl icks, is planning a major shift too. Harminder Singh, manager of Lamba said, \"Very soon we are going to make Lamba a deluxe theatre. These films are just not able to draw enough crowds anymore.\"Professionals from the industry said that the demand for these films dropped consistently over the years, which in turn has led to a drop in the number of such films produced locally. \"Most of the fi lms we screen are originally in Malayalam, Tamil, Hindi or English and later dubbed in Telugu,\" explained Mari Swaran, an employee of a printing press which supplies the titillating posters to draw crowds for these movies. \"If a regular film has a guest appearance by an actress like Bhanupriya or a few hot scenes of the actress, then only those scenes are blown up on the posters to make it look like a sleazy film. But, the audience is bored of the same stuff now. They want movies with a story, a message. For example, 'Mrugam', which was originally a Tamil fl ick titled 'Mirugam' was about AIDS. It did fairly well here.\"B Bhaskar, a film distributor revealed that the business of these \"sex fi lms\" as they are called has been downhill since the last 15 years. \"Original Telugu fi lms of this kind are very few today. Very rarely does such a film release here. There may be just one such movie in a whole year, this figure too is doubtful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11408222", "title": "Brother bowls Captain a bouncer on match eve", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Another son-rise, another shadow of filial rivalry cast over a political family. In a major upheaval on the eve of Punjab polls, Malvinder Singh, brother of Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh , deserted the party on Saturday and joined archrival Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) after he was denied a ticket in favour of Captain's son Raninder.Exactly a year-and-a-half ago, former Punjab finance minister Manpreet Badal had rebelled against his uncle, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and left the party to float his own outfit, miffed by the rise of his cousin Sukhbir Badal. With this, blood letting continues in Punjab, whose political climate - heated up by Manpreet's exit in October 2010 - sizzled despite cold wave sweeping across the region.On Saturday, SAD president and Amarinder's bete noire Sukhbir Badal gloated over the \"catch\" and presented Malvinder virtually as a trophy before the media, even as he himself bled over Manpreet's continuous onslaught. A bitter Malvinder, seated beside a beaming Sukhbir, said, \"Congress is not the Congress party it was. There are vested interests within the party and the ideology it stood for is not there any more.\"Malvinder, however, made it clear that he would not work against his brother. \"I will not contest or speak against my brother Captain Amarinder Singh,\" he said.\"It is unfortunate that he left the party just because he did not get a ticket and not as a matter of principle,\" said Amarinder. \"I have been helping the party since 1975. In the 2002 elections, I was asked to withdraw my candidature though Sonia Gandhi had offered me a ticket from Samana. I was denied a ticket in 2007 and again this time. There is now no hope of reconciliation. I have decided. And I have a reputation of keeping my word,\" said Malvinder.Describing the move as an \"atom bomb blast that will raze the Congress to the ground\", Sukhbir Badal said, \"I am delighted that Malvinder has given SAD such huge strength. This will change the game for Congress and SAD in the 2012 elections.\" Talking to TOI just before announcing his decision to join SAD, Malvinder hit out bitterly at his sister-in-law and Union minister of state for external affairs Preneet Kaur, accusing her of pushing for her son Raninder Singh's candidature.Preneet refused to comment on the family conflict saying it was a \"personal matter\". However, she did say that Malvinder was \"a very valued member of the family who had worked very hard for my two elections. This (his revolt) is most unfortunate\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407830", "title": "MGP attacks govt, flays JNNURM project", "text": "PANAJI: Firing the first salvo at the Congress-led government in the run-up to the assembly elections, its current alliance partner Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) has slammed the government project of 24x7 water supply to Panaji through a 70-crore JNNRUM sanction terming it as \"fooling the people.\"Even as MGP is currently in talks with the BJP for a pre-poll alliance, transport minister and MGP MLA Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar called the project a \"scam\", adding that the \" 70-crore scam will later escalate to 150-crore scam\".Speaking to TOI, Dhavalikar said \"There is absolute shortage of water at Opa. As of today, the full capacity at the Opa water treatment plant has been utilized. There is a shortage of 28 MLD water in Ponda taluka and over 30 MLD water shortage for Panaji and other areas of Tiswadi taluka.\"Dhavalikar said that since \"there is no more water\" at Opa, there is no possibility of augmenting the plant.\"There is already a new pipeline laid seven years ago which can additionally take more then 60 MLD of water, but due to shortage of water at Opa, this is not possible. So why are they laying a new pipeline? Let them clarify to the people of Ponda and Tiswadi what is the water resource found by them or I will say they are fooling the people,\" Dhavalikar said.He demanded to know whether the PWD's NOC had been obtained, pointing out that presently the PWD neither has a chief engineer-I nor chief engineer-II and that the principal chief engineer was acting as both.\"If they are really interested, they can bring in water from the Selaulim water treatment plant by augmenting it by 100 MLD or from Tillari. Or do they want to curtail water supply to Ponda and Tiswadi to supply water to Panaji city? Let them clarify or else people from Ponda and Tiswadi including the people of Cumbarjua will come onto the roads because they are already suffering from water shortages. Nobody should take people for granted. Otherwise, it will be another scam,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11407882", "title": "Girl's body handed over to her family", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup district (metro) administration on Saturday exhumed the body of Barasha Das (17) from the patio of her residence at Sodilapur of Pandu area here and handed over the body to her family for the final rites.On June 21, 2011 Barasha, a class X student, living with her grandmother, Jamini Das (65) was found dead in her house. Barasha's neighbours suspected that she was hanged to death by Jamini Das and other family members.As a sign of protest, the neighbours buried Barasha's body in the patio of the house and registered a murder case against Jamini Das and other members of the family at Jalukbari police station. The police immediately arrested Jamini and four other family members and sent them to jail.After spending two months in jail here, when Jamini Das returned to her house she was not allowed in by her neighbours. She also found that her house had been vandalized.\"Finding no way out, Jamini Das in a writ petition (6386/11) prayed the High court to hand over Barasha's body to the family so that the final Hindu rituals could be performed. She also asked for protection of life and settlement of the family,\" said Apurba Kr Sarma, counsel of the petitioner. The high court on December 22 asked the DC metro to exhume the body of Barasha and provide adequate security to the family for their rehabilitation, he informed.Barasha's family members performed her final rites at Bhootnath cremation ground here on Saturday after her body was exhumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408872", "title": "'Santorum used Senate to become a millionaire'", "text": "The heat in winter in New Hampshire is set to rise sharply for the front-runners in the race for the Republican presidential nomination with Rick Santorum facing charges that he has used Capitol Hill contacts to turn himself into a millionaire and Mitt Romney bracing for a barrage of attacks in two TV debates.With only four days until the New Hampshire primary, a new poll showed Romney still leading the pack with 40% of the vote. After his success in Iowa, Santorum, a social conservative, saw a big surge in his support to 11%. The Suffolk University poll gave second place to isolationist libertarian Ron Paul with 17%.If New Hampshire Republicans are warming to Santorum , they are also being exposed to media reports that appear to peel off the humbleorigins veneer that he likes to sport on the trail. Among them was a New York Times expose detailing how as a US senator he helped forge laws to benefit large interests in healthcare and energy which he would later work for after losing his seat in 2006.\"By the time his Senate career drew to a close, he had become an emblem for some of a pay-to-play culture on Capitol Hill,\" the newspaper asserted, noting that financial disclosure forms showed him earning over $1m in last 18 months thanks to various jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "11410699", "title": "J&K; reels under power crisis, essential services missing", "text": "JAMMU: Power crisis continues to disrupt normal life in the Valley. It has come as a double whammy for the people of Kashmir who are already cut off from the rest of the country due to closure of Jammu-Srinagar National highway, badly hit by the heavy snowfall.The Valley is suffering a power cut since Friday evening. Moreoever, essential services like water, internet and communication have also been hit.There was a major power supply failure in the Kashmir Valley in view of the major transmission lines at Pir Panchal ranges and several grid stations being affected by heavy snowfall, senior officials said.Most parts of the Kashmir Valley were covered with a heavy layer of snow. Gulmarg resort, 52 kms from summer capital Srinagar, received 9 inches of snow.The 300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar national highway remained closed for the second consecutive day due to heavy snowfall and slippery road conditions, forcing over 1,300 vehicles to halt at various places en route.Chief Minister Omar Abdullah went to Srinagar on Saturday to take stock of the situation in the Valley after the snowfall.Omar was told that 15 grid stations have been affected by the snowfall in the Valley besides damaging transmission lines at five places including one at Chenani.Immediately after his arrival at Srinagar when the chief minister reached his Gupkar residence, he found that electricity was on in his house and nearby VIP areas while as the same was not available in other parts of the Valley.He immediately directed disconnection of power supply to his house and these VIPs areas till the supply to the entire Valley is restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408285", "title": "\u2018Raninder will be 45 soon, not a kid. He could have turned down offer\u2019", "text": "After 35 years of service to the Congress party and for his brother and sister-in-law, Malvinder Singh cannot hold back his emotions at being denied a ticket. He tells Ramaninder K Bhatia why he dropped a bombshell by joining SAD and how he feels hurt by the way his sister-in-law has treated him. Excerpts ...Q. There is talk that your nephew Raninder was preferred over you on the grounds that he had been sacrificed earlier in an election?I don't agree with the reasons given by Mrs (Sonia) Gandhi, I am not too sure if someone's sacrifice equals another 35 years of association with a party.Q. When did you contact SAD?I contacted them about 14 days ago, when it became apparent to me that my name was being dropped.Q. What made you contact SAD?I learnt that I was being ignored in favour of Raninder on my sister-in-law's ( Preneet Kaur ) insistence. I was told by senior MPs in Delhi that she was insisting on her son's name. It was her puttar-moh (preference for son), although I have been supporting her in her political and personal turmoil. I have reasons to believe that my brother (Amarinder) did not oppose my candidature because it was he who asked me to apply from Samana. Raninder had not applied for any seat.Q. When did you officially come to know that your name has been dropped?I was on my way to Badal village to meet Badals when somebody rang up to say that the list has been relased in Delhi and my name was missing.Q. Have you been offered a seat by SAD?I didn't ask. It is an unconditional joining. Ticket was also not a consideration when I joined Congress in 1977 on my brother's insistence.Q. Are you expecting a call from AICC president?No, I don't think so. She has never done that with anybody and I don't think that she will now. She is a family friend ... Yes, my association with the family goes back to Pandit Nehru's days. I have dressed in his clothes once when I was a child and he asked me to accompany him to Ram Lila grounds. Indira Gandhi was particularly kind to me. With Sonia, it's now a three-generation-old association.Q. If you are not a candidate, whom would you campaign for?Anybody that my party asks me to. There are a few people in Patiala, who need to be defeated. But, the only condition I insisted on while joining SAD was that nobody would ever speak a word against my brother from my stage.Q. Is it because he is your brother?Yes, because he is my elder brother and head of the family and it is our tradition to respect our elders. My sister-in-law and nephew should have known the family culture where elders are respected. She comes from a family where you don't get up when your father walks into the room. She came into a different family where you listen when an elder speaks, and speak only when asked to. But, then she comes from a different family. I wonder what went wrong with my nephew who was born and bred in our family.Q. You are hurt that your sisterin-law did not support you, though you always stood by her?No, my sister-in-law is not capable of hurting me. I am more hurt by my nephew. He took his first steps holding my hand. My wife and me always stood by him. He got more guidance from us than from his parents. I initiated him into politics. Now, he is more influenced by his mother. In August, he would turn 45, that's not an age, when you hold your parents f fingers and be led by them. He could have turned down the application.Q. Would you regret if your exit from congress becomes a cause for the party's defeat?No. I would say that they deserved it.Q. There is no chance of reconciliation then?No, my bridges are burnt. How have your supporters reacted?They don'ft know as yet. I have reasons to believe that they would support me because my sister-in-law had been throttling them for almost 10 years now. First, she tried to wean them away. When she failed, she deprived them of development grants. I still campaigned for her in 2009, because she is family. It might be possible that she considers me a threat.Q. What went wrong ?She is not the same person I knew. She has changed ever since she joined politics and is going places. I have also heard reports that she is a CM aspirant and is probably under the impression that in case Congress wins, no other Congress leader in her Patiala constituency would vacate his seat for her. So she can only rely on Raninder to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "11409299", "title": "Musharraf denies he knew Osama bin Laden was living in Pakistan", "text": "JERUSALEM: Pakistan's former President General Pervez Musharraf has denied having knowledge about the al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden living in his country during his tenure.In his first ever interview to an Israeli daily, Ha'aretz, Musharraf insisted on his innocence and said he was 100 per cent sure about himself that he did not know he (Osama bin Laden) was there.\"I am very sure about my answer. Especially so because when they say bin Laden was there for five years, that means two years under my watch. Well, one cannot be sure of others, but one can be sure of oneself. And I am 100 percent sure of myself that I did not know he was there,\" Musharraf said when asked about Bin laden's presence.\"I say the question is, was there complicity or negligence? And I strongly believe it was negligence. Of course, that's not great either, it's terrible negligence and shameful. But, while both are bad - complicity would be worse,\" said the former President, who became a key ally of western in fight against terror post 9/11.\"I don't have any doubt of that. I know there was no complicity for those two years. And perhaps there was complicity during the latter three years, but I don't believe that either. It's not possible. It was negligence,\" he argued.Musharraf, explaining the negligence, said that since Osama was not using telephone communications, it is human intelligence that comes to ISI, but no one knew him around that area.\"None of the neighbours knew him,\" he stressed. The former Pakistani leader also expresses anger at what he sees as a tendency in the West to portray bin Laden's hideout as easy to spot, thus hinting that the Pakistanis were either completely incompetent or, more likely, cooperating with the terrorist.\"They say in the West that he was living in a garrison town, and that the house was huge, with exceptionally high walls which stood out. But I disagree with all of this. This was no Fort Bragg [a massive US army base in North Carolina].\"He was staying in an open, tourist resort kind of place. Anyone going to the north could stop there. There are hotels, and schools and stores - so the story is exaggerated,\" Musharraf pointed out.\"And the house? It was bigger than average, but not much. And walls? They don't necessarily have walls in the US around houses, but in Pakistan the first thing a man does when he gets a house is build a wall around it. That may be abnormal in the West, but it's perfectly normal in Pakistan and does not arouse any suspicion at all,\" he argued in defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11408030", "title": "Parks' plight put residents to shame", "text": "LUDHIANA: For Sarabha Nagar residents, the pathetic condition of public parks is turning out to be a never ending blame game. Residents put the onus on park management committees (PMCs) and municipal corporation, saying it is their duty to maintain greenery in the public parks. They say PMCs are being paid by MC, who is responsible for keeping an eye on the working of PMCs. But unfortunately, both the bodies are not fulfilling their duty, they allege.In various block of Sarabha Nagar, there are 19 parks out of which 10 are being maintained well. For these 10 parks, there are around six PMCs, in blocks A, B, E, I, H and J. Out of these, condition of parks in three blocks, B, I and J, has started deteriorating. Sources revealed that even in parks where there are no trees, MC is paying money to PMCs without conducting proper checking and this is the reason why their condition is deteriorating. S S Chana, who used to be president of I block park management committee, has resigned from his post because of the negligent attitude of the civic authorities. \"I had resigned in February 2010 following which the condition of park in the area turned from bad to worse. MC has the power to cancel the contract of PMC if the members do not maintain the park but here, even MC is blind to the reality,\" said Chana, president of the Federation of Pollution and Park Management Committee.\"I live in A block of Sarabha Nagar and am very upset with pruning of trees in our park. They were quite pretty and offered much shade, but now it seems they would be cut down in the coming days,\" said Marc Victor, an artist. Rohit Kalra, who works in a private firm said, \"I stay in I block but I am not satisfied with the way parks are being maintained. I think both the MC and PMCs should do something about it.\"When contacted, assistant commissioner and head of MC horticulture branch, A S Sekhon said, \"It is not true that MC is not monitoring the working of PMCs. Before making payments, our officials visit the parks and only then payments are cleared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11408551", "title": "'Vacant posts of doctors will be filled soon'", "text": "BELGAUM: The Union government has extended the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) to next five years, according to E V Ramana Reddy, secretary of health and family welfare department. Speaking at the inauguration of a workshop on NRHM organized for media by health and information departments here on Friday, he said that his department would take necessary steps to fill the vacant posts of doctors in various hospitals. \"As many as 2,323 D group employees and 1,000 paramedical staff will be recruited in next three months.We have published notification to recruit 600 specialist doctors through KPSC. However, only, 250 applications have been received so far. There are 800 specialist doctors' posts vacant in state,\" he added. Ramana Reddy informed that the government had issued an order to establish blood banks in all taluk-level government hospitals and the health department would give training to doctors in this regard. NRHM director S Selva Kumar, commissioner of health and family welfare services B S Ramprasad, health specialist Dr P K Srinivas, DHO Dr Ashok Murgod and deputy director of information department Basavaraj Kambi were present.'Swara Shradhanjali' in Hubli today Hubli: Sapta Swara Music Academy and Artists Forum of Hubli is jointly organizing a music concert Swara Shradhanjali to pay tributes to Bharat Ratna Pundit Bhimsen Joshi at Sawai Gandharva Hall in Deshpande Nagar on Sunday. Pundit Bhimsen Joshi, Gangubai Hanagal and Firoz Dastur never performed in same stage. But now their shishyas like Pundit Vinayak Torvi of Bangalore, Pundit Ashok Nadgir of Kundgol and Pundit Chandrashekar Vaze of Mumbai will be performing on the same stage in concert, he said.Fire on KappataguddaGadagAn accidental fire broke out on Kappatagudda near Harogeri village in Gadag district on Saturday night. Gadag deputy conservator of forest S V Patil said a 20-member team of forest staff went to the spot and brought the fire under control. No medicinal plants were destroyed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406876", "title": "Drive against wrong number plates", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police would launch a drive against vehicles not having number plates of proper size and type from January 15.Patna Senior SP (SSP) Alok Kumar said that it had been found that two-wheelers, three-wheelers and four- wheelers were using 'stylish' number plates, which is a gross violation of the provisions of Motor Vehicle Act. Some people even write police, press and advocate on the number plates of their vehicles, which is also a violation of the Act.The SSP said it has also been found that some number plates were written in a slanting and shining way while some had number plates resembling the shape of blades, which is also gross violation of the Motor Vehicle Act. The vehicle owners should get their number plates changed as per the rules before January 15. If they are caught with wrong number plates after January 15, they would be fined, he added.Kumar said the size of number plates of two-wheelers should be 200x100mm, while for light motor vehicles and passenger cars it should be 340x200mm or 500x120mm. He said that for medium commercial vehicles, heavy commercial vehicles and trailer/combination, it should be 340x200 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11408532", "title": "'Education needs revamping", "text": "DHARWAD: Primary education in the country in general and Karnataka in particular needs to be rejuvenated by updating the syllabus and also changing the method of teaching and learning to make it more relevant, said speakers at the symposium held at the Karnataka Vidyavardhaka Sangha in Dharwad on Saturday.Veteran journalist Patil Puttappa blamed the teachers in primary schools of being indifferent to their duty and said they lacked commitment. \"There is no dearth of money in India. What is lacks is ideals\" he remarked and added that the education would become meaningful only when the teachers ensured that the children did not fail in facing the challenges in life. He said primary education is the foundation and the country would develop if the foundation is strong.Inaugurating the two-day symposium, director of public instruction Y T Gurumurthy said change is a natural phenomena and education is no exception. Change should be for better with new ideas and experiments, he asserted. DDPI K Anand, Dr Sanjeev Kulkarni, convener of the symposium Shankar Halagatti and others spoke on problems faced by primary education in Karnataka. Students from schools in Mysore, Dharwad, Chamrajnagar, Sirsi and Sulya participated in the discussion .Musical evening Hubli: Dr Gangubai Hanagal Music Foundation, Hubli will organize 'Dance and Musical Evening' on Nruptunga Betta on Sunday in Hubli. The event is jointly organized by the district administration and Kannada development authority Bangalore. There will be rendering of devotional son, devotional songs, Dasara padagalu and other songs will perform on the day. Celebrations at Ashram Sri Mata Ashram will celebrate Sharadadevi's 159th birth anniversary and Jeevanta Durga Pooja in its premises at Dollars colony, behind Hubli new bus stand on Sunday morning. Ministers Shobha Karandlaje, C C Patil and Jagadish Shettar will participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407072", "title": "Security beefed up at district court", "text": "PUNE: Lawyers visiting the district and sessions court here will have to necessarily carry their identity cards and undergo thorough search from Monday onwards, in view of the security threat underlined by the police last week.The Pune district and sessions court and Pune police officials held a meeting on Saturday to take stock of the security following inputs that some people may dress up like lawyers to create trouble on the court premises. The police commissionerate's letter was addressed to principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said the meeting was held to make a security audit and also to decide what more needs to be done to improve security in the court.Milind Pawar, a member of the privilege committee of the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa, who was present in the meeting, said the police have appealed to lawyers and litigants to cooperate during the stringent security checks that would be in place from Monday. The bar council will sensitise lawyers practising at the taluka court to carry their identity cards if they visit to the district court, Pawar added.Bar council member Harshad Nimbalkar, who was also present for the meeting, said that it has also been decided to have watch towers at all the three gates of the court. Policemen at these gates will thoroughly check relatives of suspects and litigants, if need be.Deputy commissioner of police (special branch) Makarand Ranade said there are 50 policemen posted on the court premises, which includes personnel from the crime branch and special branch.Ranade said the court and bar association has been very supportive whenever a meeting was called to take an overall review of the security. The meeting was attended by police officials, Pune Bar Association president Dhananjay Taur and lawyers. The last time security in the court was tightened was when a 24-year-old youth was murdered in May 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11408202", "title": "Student kidnapped from Udaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A student pursuing bachelors degree in commerce at a private college in Udaipur was kidnapped by a known person on the pretext of an evening walk. Though the boy was kidnapped on December 31 the family came to know about the abduction only on January 4 when they got a ransom call demanding Rs 1 crore and 5 kg gold.Police claim to have identified the kidnapper and said the case would be solved in a day or two. Shekhar (23) who hails from Dungarpur was pursuing B.Com at Pacific College, Udaipur. He lived in a rented accommodation in Pratap Nagar locality.On December 31 when Shekhar was at his residence, a known person called him on his cellphone and asked him to come for an evening walk. Since then Shekhar has been missing. Initially his friends and family tried to find him on their own but on January 2 they lodged a missing complaint. On January 3 after getting a ransom call demanding Rs 1 crore and 5 kg gold, the family lodged a kidnapping case at Pratap Nagar police station in Udaipur. The police on Saturday recovered an Indica car with blood stains on it. In the primary investigation the police have not ruled out that the victim could have been eliminated by the kidnapper who has been identified and is on the police radar.\"We have recovered an Indica car in which the youth was abducted. The car has a lot of blood stains and we have invited the mobile forensic science laboratory (FSL) team,\" said a senior police officer.Police said that Shekhar's father works at a jewellery shop in Kuwait and the accused who was in touch with some of his relatives was under the impression that his father was a leading jeweller in Kuwait. Police claimed that the accused has been identified as Pradeep Singh Bhati, a native of Kota who has a debt of Rs 50-60 lakh and was desperately in need of money.When asked what made the police suspect Bhati, an officer said, \"His urge for money and we have also traced his number. Since he is switching off his cellphone again and again and changing his location, it is becoming a little difficult to trace him.\"However, police have detained at least 6 youths who were close aids of the accused and police is investigating if they were a part of the abduction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11407860", "title": "Rural polls: Filing of nominations begins", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hectic lobbying is on in different parties for tickets, even as filing of nomination papers for the three-tier panchayat polls got under way on Saturday. Candidates for the posts of ward members, sarpanch, panchayat samiti member and zilla parishad member were seen taking out processions to file nomination papers before their respective election officers in different parts of the state. The State Election Commission was yet to compile information on the number of candidates who filed their nomination papers on the first day, sources said.Though only zilla parishad elections are held under political party banners, candidates for posts of ward member, sarpanch and panchayat samiti member are also trying to get support from different parties to shore up their prospects. Major parties like BJD, Congress and BJP are yet to complete their candidate selection processes.According to poll schedule, filing of nominations would be held from January 7 and January 12, except government holidays. Scrutiny of papers will be on January 13. Withdrawal of candidature and publication of the final list of contestants would take place on January 18. The five-phase elections are slated on February 11, 13, 15, 17 and 19. State Election Commission sources said polling would be staggered in a block-wise manner in 22 districts of the state, while in four districts (Keonjhar, Mayurbhanj, Rayagada and Gajapati) polling would be phased both block-wise and zilla parishad zone-wise. In Koraput, Malkangiri, Nuapada and Sambalpur districts elections would be held taking into account different zilla parishad zones, commission sources said.A maximum of over 2.44 crore voters will exercise their franchise to elect around one lakh grassroots-level representatives. Fifty per cent of the posts have been reserved for women, up from 33 per cent quota in the previous polls in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11414398", "title": "EC orders change in UP poll dates", "text": "LUCKNOW: The date of the first phase of Uttar Pradesh's assembly elections will be changed. The decision comes in the wake of Barawafat celebrations, the birth anniversary of Prophet Mohammad, which is to be observed on 4 February.In Uttar Pradesh, 60 constituencies, including Pilbhit, Rampur, Bareilly, Kheri, Shahjahanpur, badaun, Moradabad, Binor, Bhim Nagar, and Jyotiba Phule Nagar were scheduled to be held on February 4.After several political parties, especially in Bareilly, gave written undertakings to the Election Commission and requested for a change in polling dates, the EC has agreed to change the dates.An Election Commission official confirmed: \"There were concerns people would not be able to come out to exercise their franchise if elections were held on February 4, on account of Barawafat celebrations. After examining the merits of this argument, the Election Commission has decided to put off the polling date of the first phase.''A formal order in this regard, along with the new date of polling, will be issued by the EC later on Sunday.Assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh are to be held in a seven-phase manner, between February 4 and 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11415930", "title": "Ranchi University's new resolutions", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi University has decided to start language laboratories to better the communication skill of the students, update postgraduate syllabuses and ask all lecturers to get enrolled in the apex national bodies of their subjects in 2012.Acting vice-chancellor V P Sharan said the poor communication skill of the students was the main reason behind the rejection of students during placements. \"There will be four fully digitized language labs in the university, one in the headquarters, and three others at the departments like MCA, MBA and Women's college which have more opportunities in placements. We will make sure that the labs are opened this year,\" he said.The university has also decided to upgrade its undergraduate syllabuses which have not been updated since 1992. In a meeting between the PG department heads and the VC recently, the decision was taken that the syllabus should be updated to keep up with other universities of the country. \"The structure and the subjects will be the same; new chapters will be added or removed as per the necessity. The heads will submit the updated version of syllabus within a month,\" said Sharan.In another decision, the university is to make sure that all lecturers of PG departments are enrolled in the apex national organizations of their respective subjects. \"An economics lecturer should be member of the Indian Economics Association and likewise. This will increase the popularity and reputation of the university at the national level,\" said the VC. \"We hope to achieve these aims by the end of this year which will not just give a better reputation to the university but will also be a good gift for our students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11407831", "title": "Union minister echo of mines lobby: Naveen", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday criticized the Centre for rejecting the Odisha government's demands for Special Category Status (SCS) for the state and levy of Mineral Resource Rent Tax (MRRT), indicating the ruling BJD would press for the twin issues.\"In a federal country like India, the Centre cannot afford to ignore balanced regional development. The Odisha government will continue to fight for its just share,\" the CM said, in a statement, a day after deputy chairman, Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia saw no merit in Odisha's pursuit for SCS tag.Taking a dig at Ahluwalia, who at a function here questioned the state's rationale for SCS when it was claiming high economic growth, Naveen said, \"The Odisha government has been asking for SCS for some time now. The fact that the state has been performing well in the last decade in terms of growth and poverty reduction should not be used against the government for denying SCS.\"Naveen's response to Union mines minister Dinsha Patel's thumbs down to MRRT was caustic.\"The reply (to a letter written by Naveen to PM in August) of the minister is nothing but a version of the mining lobby,\" the CM said. \"It is a dilatory tactic to defer collection of additional tax from the super rich miners on the pretext of royalty revision and amendment of the MMDR (Mines and Minerals Development and Regulation) Act, which will take a long time,\" he added, reacting to Patel's suggestion that the state government, instead of asking for MRRT, could get additional revenue under the proposed MMDR Bill, 2011, tabled in the Parliament recently.The CM further attacked Patel for not agreeing with him on miners earning \"super normal profits\". \"The state government has enough data to show miners are making abnormally high profits and if the Union government is serious about benefiting the people of affected areas, it should immediately impose the proposed tax instead of buying time and helping miners to make money everyday,\" he said.The state government has been seeking MRRT at the rate of 50 per cent on the surplus rent on iron ore. This means miners have to pay half of the extra money they earn from iron ore above a base price to be fixed by the Centre. At present, mineralbearing states get 10 per cent of the pit head price of iron ore as royalty.The Odisha government says that the amount of royalty earned from pit head price of iron ore is paltry and wants a new law, under which miners shall have to give half of the profits they earn when the market price of ore is above the base price to the state, official sources said, adding, the Odisha could generate an estimated Rs 5000 crore additional revenue annually from the proposed tax.On the SCS demand, Naveen, who has since the past three years been blaming alleged central neglect for various ills plaguing Odisha, said the state government believes it should accelerate economic growth and for this increased central funding was imperative.\"Besides ignoring the state's demand for SCS, the Planning Commission has not even cared to continue with the KBK region plan from next year onwards,\" he said, pointing out that the commission had announced a special package for a neighbouring state.The commission, incidentally, has since the last three years not approved the state government's eight-year Special Action Plan worth Rs 4500 crore aimed at socio-economic development of KBK. The Centre has since 2007-08 been giving Rs 130 crore as Special Central Assistance besides Rs 120 crore under Backward Regions Grant Fund (BRGF) to the eight KBK districts, official sources said.The state government has been protesting against this as till 2006-07 the Centre was providing Rs 250 crore to KBK under the Revised Long Term Action Plan, but thereafter under BRGF each selected district across the country received Rs 15 crore annually whereas for KBK it became part of the Rs 250 crore central assistance.\"In all fairness, the BRGF grant for KBK, like elsewhere, should have been in excess of the special funding, but that was not the case. Even the special funding should have been enhanced as it has remained constant for a long time. Whether the Centre would continue special funding for KBK after this fiscal is still not clear,\" a senior officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "berlin", "code": "11402251", "title": "How to set up Windows on Mac PC", "text": "BERLIN: More people are making the switch from PC to Mac these days. Nevertheless, some former PC users still find themselves longing for certain Windows-only programmes.They need look no further. Thanks to functions like Bootcamp, Parallels Desktop and Fusion, there are ways to set up virtual PCs on a Mac, resurrecting, for example, your favourite computer games from your old machine.Bootcamp is an Apple tool that allows users to open other operating systems, like Windows or Linux. Parallels Desktop and Fusion let users operate Windows or Linux simultaneously with the Mac operating system. Regardless, to use Microsoft on a Mac, you're going to need a valid Windows license.People of a more experimental nature can get around this hurdle by using Developer Preview, an earlier test version of Windows 8. Parallels Desktop has a direct link to it in its seventh version.'Windows 8 is a very exciting topic for us,' says Parallels manager Alexander Pantos. 'After the one-click installation you quickly get comfortable in this new unfamiliar Windows 8.'Competitor Fusion, from VMWare, also supports installation of Windows 8 on Macs.'We want to make it possible for Windows users to change platforms,' says VMWare manager Holger Temme. That means constant work to improve the performance of the virtual machine. It still isn't as good as Windows with Bootcamp, says Temme. 'But we're getting close.'Office applications usually do fine with the virtual Windows machines. Things can get a little more problematic with Windows games.Fusion 4, the newest version, supports the rush of 3D applications with OpenGL 2.1 and DirectX 9, says Temme. But the virtual machines usually handle most games adequately 'so long as you don't take the absolutely newest games, the ones that also push a Windows PC to its limits.'Pantos, from Parallels, takes a similar tack. He recommends setting configurations to the maximum level and making sure the virtual PC has access to a quadcore processor and as much RAM as possible.Users with a Mac that has 4 gigabytes (GB) of working memory can give the virtual machine a maximum of 3 GB, explains Pantos. That's because the Mac still needs 1 GB and a processor core to operate. The graphics card for the virtual machine can also be tuned, by pushing the slide control from a standard value of 256 megabytes to 1 GB.To the Mac, the virtual machine appears as one data file, which contains the various installed Windows programmes and stored personal data. To protect this data from outsiders, Fusion has integrated a possibility to encrypt it.But virtualization does not, in and of itself, provide protection from malware. Once connected to the internet, the Windows system is vulnerable to the same dangers as any PC. Thus, an up-to-date virus protection system is recommended.Both Parallels Desktop and Fusion offer a one-year license for virus protection. And data protection is somewhat better on a virtual machine than on a PC, since, technically, only one file needs protection.Both services also offer a snapshot function, making it easier to revert to earlier versions of the system in a pinch.Another bonus of virtualisation is that some services allow the use of older Windows versions. Bootcamp no longer offers drivers for XP or Windows Vista. That minus is partially made up for by the fact that Bootcamp comes free with Macs and is easy to install.Fusion and Parallel Desktop require a fee - about 36 euros (47 dollars) for Fusion 4 online, while Parallels Desktop 7 goes for about 55 euros. Both offer test versions that can be used free for several weeks.If you're a Mac user considering spending longer periods of time with Windows software, you should consider creating a Bootcamp partition on your hard drive. Since Windows on Bootcamp doesn't use the Mac platform, rather the whole computer, it works faster than virtual machines, explains Chris Wiles of the British technology portal V3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11408568", "title": "Cancer expert allays fears of villagers near Kaiga", "text": "KARWAR: Stung by the 'misinformation' campaign that cancer is spreading in and around the Kaiga Generating Plant (KGN), the top brass of Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) on Saturday undertook a damage control exercise. Experts from Tata Memorial Center (TMC) and NPCIL were brought to Kaiga and a seminar was held on 'Scientific meet on radiation and cancer.' The expert assured the villagers that there were no increased cases of cancer in Kaiga or near any other nuclear reactor in India.Dr Rajendra Badwe, director, professor and head of the breast cancer , department of TMC, who explained on radiation and cancer said that in India cancer cases are high in north eastern (NE) states compared to the rest of the country. The NE states have no nuclear plants, he said. Cancer is almost 25 % higher in Goa compared to Bangalore and Mumbai and there is no relation between cancer and the radiation by the nuclear reactors, he argued. Referring to reports by experts, scientists and health organizations, Badwe said that routine medical diagnostic procedures such as dental x-ray, chest x-ray, CT scan etc too emit radiation dose several times higher than those from a nuclear power plant.He said that TMC in association with the prominent local medical colleges has carried out epidemiological survey of NPCIL employees at each nuclear power plant in India. The study has found that prevalence of congenital birth defects is only 0.45 percent among NPCIL employees against 1.4 percent prevalent in Mumbai. He said that the number of cancer cases in USA is three times higher than that of India. The main reason for spread of cancer in India are obesity , genital unhygiene and chewing of tobacco. These account for 70% of the cancer cases in India, he added. A joint survey would be conducted within two months by TMC and Kasturba Medical College, Manipal, and NPCIL to find out the reason for the rise in cancer cases in places around Kaiga, he revealed.WORK ON UNIT 4,5 IN APRILThe work of setting up of unit 4 and 5 of Kaiga Generating Station (KGS) will begin in the first week of April and all the formalities for construction had been completed by KGS, said N Nageshwar Rao, director (Operations) of NPCIL. Addressing presspersons at Kaiga on Saturday, Rao said that the government has already given its sanction for the new units and land was also located to set them up. He said that the purpose of the meet on Saturday was essentially to disseminate information on radiation and cancer-based studies carried out by TMC and NPCIL over the last several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11407809", "title": "SC dismisses plea on OPGC", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Supreme Court has dismissed a petition challenging the tendering process for expansion of the Ib thermal units under Orissa Power Generation Corporation (OPGC). An OPGC release issued here said a division bench of the apex court declined to interfere with the November 15 order of the Orissa high court, which had rejected interim relief sought by a PIL on the matter.The petitioner had contended that the high value tender had violated the guidelines of the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) and that it would cause nearly Rs 300 crore loss to the corporation in which the state government and the AES has 51% and 49% shares respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11408966", "title": "Nobel laureate marks an impression", "text": "COIMBATORE: As soon as he was escorted onto the stage at the assembly hall of PSG College of Technology, Nobel laureate Richard R Ernst took a tie out of his bag and waved it. \"I can wear it if you want me to,\" he said, drawing giggles from the audience. That set the tone of the rest of his speech, which was laced with humour and criticism in equal measure.Ernst may have taken home the Nobel for his contribution to the development of high resolution nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy, which laid the foundation for the invention of MRI scan, but he advised students not to wait for a call from Stockholm . \"Be keen on what you can do for society,\" he said, advising the college to make education and not research the centre of its activities. \"Research is just an excellent tool for education,\" he said.Born in 1933 in Switzerland , Ernst finished his studies in 1962 at ETH Zurich (Federal University of Zurich). In 1963, he joined Varian Associates as a scientist and developed Fourier-transform NMR. In 1968, he returned to the varsity to become an assistant professor and later on a full professor. His involvement in various research activities lead to his Nobel Prize. At present, he delivers lectures worldwide on various topics that he has specialised in.During the lecture at PSG, Ernst said \"Politicians and businessmen cannot be relied upon to tell the truth. But we academicians have a duty towards society,\" he said. During his presentation, he mentioned Edward Purcell and Felix Bloch as important scientists who contributed to the field of MRI scanning. He added MRI scanning can be used in biology, material science and imaging. \"If you are on a first date, you may want to so a MRI scan of your boy friend and find out if his gall bladder is working,\" he joked.\"My doctor saw my brain scan and said 'you are perfectly normal. How did you get the Nobel?'\" said Ernst. According to him, emotions like pain and empathy produced the same response in the brain as they are psychologically similar feelings. He explained in detail the benefits of MRI scanning and what it could do. \"It is not a healing technique, but a revealing one,\" he said.\"I am just coming back from the Indian Science Congress and I have to stress on the role of women in science. It is not science that is holding back women but society which is preventing women from gaining a foothold in science,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lalgarh", "code": "11407368", "title": "Cong harbouring harmads: CM", "text": "LALGARH: The Congress-Trinamool Congress spat took an ugly turn on Saturday with chief minister Mamata Banerjee accusing the ally of harbouring 'harmads' like the CPM did. 'Harmads' or armed CPM goons were accused of killing nine villagers in Netai a year ago.While most Trinamool top shots were present at the West Midnapore village on the first anniversary of the Netai carnage, Mamata addressed the rally at Lalgarh school ground over Union minister Mukul Roy's mobile. During the five-minute address, Mamata said: \"Congress is also providing shelter to harmads like the CPM. They don't want development. So they are trying to create unrest.\" Assuring the crowd that she would visit Netai soon, Mamata said like Nandigram, CPM cadres had a plan to hush up the Netai killing by removing the bodies. But we managed to rush in on time and resisted it.Echoing Mamata's high-pitched tone against Congress, state minister Subrata Mukherjee claimed that the Congress and the CPM were two sides of the same coin. \"Both of them are trying to foil the fight of Netai villagers,\" said Mukherjee.Criticizing the Congress, Mukul Roy said: \"They love to live with leftovers of the CPM.\" Mukul's colleague in Parliament, Subhendu Adhikary warned that the Trinamool would reply to Congress's rally in Kolkata on January 9 and prove that people have deserted that party. His father Sisir Adhikary alleged that Congress had joined hands with the CPM at the Centre.Sending a strong message to the Congress, Trinamool leaders assured that they will speed up development in Jangalmahal and the people of Netai who lost their kin will get justice.On January 7 last year, nine people were killed by alleged armed CPM goons camping at Rathin Dandapat's single-storey house in Netai. Nearly 20 persons were injured in the indiscriminate firing from atop the house. Some of them still recount the day with horror.\"A year has passed. But we are still carrying the wounds,\" said Tapas Mondal, who sustained a bullet injury in his left leg. \"Now I am partially handicapped. We received Rs 1 lakh in compensation, but it could bring little for us,\" said Mondal.Dilip Sen, who lost his left eye in the firing, said the compensation sum was mostly drained out on treatment. Tamluk MP Subhendu Adhikary, however, assured that he would arrange the treatment of victims who need assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11407102", "title": "Bike rams into car on JJ flyover, 1 killed", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old pillion rider was killed and the motorcyclist critically injured on the JJ flyover early on Saturday, when the biker lost control of his two-wheeler and hit a vehicle coming from the opposite direction.The rider was probably talking on mobile and none of the two was wearing a helmet while riding on the 2.5-km flyover, where two-wheelers are not allowed since April, 2010.Worse, according to eye-witnesses, the two lay on the flyover for over 20 minutes, before being taken to the nearby JJ Hospital in a police van and a car. While Abhishek Kadam died on the spot, Ritesh Jadhav has been admitted to JJ Hospital with multiple injuries.According to eye-witnesses, the incident took place around 1.15am, when suddenly, a speeding bike hit the divider, jumped to the other side of the flyover and banged into a car coming from the opposite direction. The passengers of the car, who later rushed the bikers to hospital, and eye-witnesses told the police that Jadhav was probably talking on the phone.Kadam was riding pillion on his childhood friend Jadhav's Pulsar bike that he had bought three months ago. Both were headed for CST for dinner when the accident took place. Both residents of Saat Rasta, Kadam worked with a private mobile operator and Jadhav is a trainer at a private gym in south Mumbai. Kadam is survived by two brothers and aged parents.Since Jadhav regained consciousness, he has been asking about Kadam. Jadhav's uncle Bhimrao said Jadhav had been saying they call up Kadam to ask after him. \"We fear that Ritesh may not be able to take the shock. So, we said Abhishek has been taken for a surgery,\" said Bhimrao. Both the families were unaware about their midnight ride. \"Jadhav did not go home to pick up his helmet as that would have alerted his mother. She would not have allowed him to go without the helmet,\" said Bhimrao.Investigating officer from the J J Marg police station R Chavan confirmed that Kadam had died before admission. \"They were not wearing helmets, but more importantly, they were riding a bike on a flyover, where two-wheelers are not allowed. The rider was also talking on his mobile and speeding,\" he said. The police have registered cases of rash and negligent driving and culpable homicide not amounting to murder against Jadhav.Asked about the delay in getting help, the police said ambulances took long to reach an accident spot. \"Most times, the victims are taken to hospital on a stretcher, fitted in police vans. Some vans also have first-aid kits,\" said an officer. Dean of JJ Hospital Dr T P Lahane said, \"A CT scan shows he has brain haemorrhage, but it can be treated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11407404", "title": "Debt-ridden farmer kills self", "text": "MALDA: A debt-ridden farmer of a village in Malda's Gajole took pesticide on Friday night. He was declared dead around 3am at a local health centre.Kenaram Mandal, 55, of Tiakathi village under Bairgachi gram panchayat had cultivated paddy, jute and vegetables in his 10-bigha plot. For cultivation, he had to take loans worth Rs 20,000 from two banks - the Bangiyo Gramin Bikash Bank and the State Co-operative Bank.He also had to purchase fertilizers at a high price. But like hundreds of farmers of the district, Mandal too could not get the due price for his crops. In fact, his cauliflowers sold for a mere Re 1 each, leaving him worried and depressed. He, his wife Kesho and two sons, Ghuran and Bimal, had been extremely worried about this of late.Around 11am on Friday, Mandal consumed pesticide. He was taken to Hatimari Health Centre, where he died around 3pm. His body was taken to Malda District Hospital for post-mortem. \"My father was extremely worried about the bank loans. He had stopped talking to everyone of late,\" said daughter Kalpana Sarkar.However, the administration did not seem to be aware of the death. \"We have received no information from the BDO,\" said SDO Samanjit Sengupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11413275", "title": "I am ready for my second honeymoon: Juhi Parmar", "text": "The winner of Bigg Boss-5, Juhi Parmar, is ready to start life afresh after walking away with big booty of Rs one crore. In a chat with us, she speaks about pangas, bachchas and more...After Shweta Tiwari , you are the second woman to make History in Bigg Boss... Yes, it feels great that my fans voted for me and made me the winner. I can't thank them enough!But, internet is flooded with 'hate Juhi' comments, where people have tagged you as being biased towards Sky (Akashdeep Sahgal) and his 'angry outbursts'... I know I came across as biased. But then, after being with Sky 24x7, I came to the conclusion that he has no control over his anger, but at least he is honest! There were quite a few people in the show who were completely fake, but they projected themselves as virtual saints! There were ladies who were shouting louder than Sky, and not really being very dignified. So, I decided to stay back when such slanging matches took place. But later, I always told Sky that he was in the wrong. The fact is that he was very respectful and caring towards me and treated me as his sister. Then why would I break my relations with him without any rhyme or reason?Pooja Bedi has gone on record to say that Salman was biased towards certain people. Did you feel like this anytime? I don't know what was being shown outside. But Sunny Leone, who came much later in the show, said after entering the celebrity house that Mahek Chahal was her fave character because she did not fight with anyone. Within a week Sunny saw Mahek's behaviour and changed her opinion and said 'Mahek was my fave character, but I don't like her as a person!' At that time many of us did wonder as to why she was projected like that on telly. Inside the house, Mahek was very difficult to get along with and she poked her nose in every affair and fight! So, we did wonder if we were imagining things!How do you plan to spend the prize money? I plan to keep most of it aside for the kids that we will have in future. But for next 12 months, I just plan to focus on work.And lovey-dovey plans with your actor husband Sachin Shroff? Yes, I am ready for my second honeymoon! Sachin told me that he has just started a new show on Sahara, so it will be difficult for him to take out time, but I have clearly told him that we have to go for the second honeymoon right away. After all, I have met him after almost 100 days and lost 5 kilos inside the celebrity house. But before the honeymoon, I need to go in for a Spa and body massage! I need it badly because I am completely tired!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11407526", "title": "Ex-minister\u2019s aide arrested for land-grab", "text": "CHENNAI: Former minister Veerapandi Arumugam's close aide P Kausika Boopathy (58) was arrested by the central crime branch sleuths on Saturday on charges of land-grabbing. Boopathy was arrested on the basis of a complaint filed by a Kolathur resident called Muthu (56).Boopathy, who is a realtor, and his friends Muthu and Ravi had entered into a joint venture and bought 40.38 acres at Bammadhu Kulam near Red Hills a few years ago. Muthu said he gave Boopathy the power of attorney to sell the land after dividing it into smaller plots and share the profit. But later when Muthu tried to sell his one-third share of the property, he came to know that Boopathy had sold it without his knowledge. Muthu said Boopathy, using his political clout, threatened him whenever he asked for the money.Muthu later met Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy and lodged a complaint to take action against Boopathy for cheating him. Following this, anti-land grabbing cell officials on Saturday arrested Boopathy, who runs a petrol bunk near Madhavaram. He was sent to Puzhal prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408390", "title": "Fair play", "text": "At the Chennai-based Narayani Wedlinks, bride and groom seekers are asked to fill out a registration form. And the first three questions are name, caste, and fairness.\"These three have been the most important criteria for all potential brides and grooms. We get around 60,000 registrations a month and fairness is always top priority,\" says R S Gopalan from Narayani. \"Parents and bride and grooms don't even reach up to the column on educational qualifications or job if the partner is not fair. It's the one thing that has not changed,\" he adds.While life's gone technicolour, it appears that most of Tamil Nadu is still stuck in a world of black and white, where dark and dusky simply don't cut it. It's unfair, say dermatologists and beauticians, the levels to which people go to turn a shade or two lighter.Chennai-based dermatologist Dr Maya Vedamurthy says that every day she is inundated with patients obsessed with becoming \"fairer\". For men, it is as much about getting better jobs as it is about landing the right partner. For women , it is mostly about getting married, says Dr Vedamurthy.\"I recently got a patient who told me her fiance had called off the wedding because he had found a fairer girl. She told me she wanted to get fairer as soon as possible because she was back on the matrimonial market,\" says Dr Vedamurthy, who adds that from fairness creams to chemical peels, her patients are willing to try out anything. According to beautician-entrepreneur Shahnaz Husain, CEO of Shahnaz Herbals Inc, the fairness creams market in India is estimated to be around 1,500 crore, growing at the rate of 10 to 15%. South India is the largest market for her company's fairness creams, and has a 37% market share. CavinKare, which manufactures personal care products, says the estimated market value for its creams in the south is 608 crore with Tamil Nadu contributing 32% of the market share.\"According to a report, fairness products dominate skincare segment. They constitute 47% of the skin care market,\" says Husain. \"Foreign companies who have entered the market realise that Indians put a premium on fair complexion. Therefore, they project the element of fairness when it comes to their products, apart from the other benefits,\" she adds.Salon owners also say that \"fairness\" is the instant result that clients look for when it comes to skin treatments.\"This is more predominant in the south. After a facial, clients look for whether they have become a little fairer,\" says Veena Kumaravel, director-Naturals, a chain of unisex salons.However, out of the 1,500 crore fairness cream market, the men's segment consists of around 500 crore. \"It is a fast growing category as the concept of men's fairness has gained acceptability,\" says Husain, whose company produces fairness creams for both men and women. A CavinKare official says that men's category is growing at 35% in the south, while the women's segment is growing at around 15%.Dr Vedamurthy tells her patients that skin colour is either genetic or caused by the environment.\"Environmental factors can be dealt with by using anti-tanning creams, sunscreens, and by increasing anti-oxidant intake,\" she says. But Dr Vedamurthy still has to explain to her patient, a physician, that she cannot make her \"fairer\" by March. \"That's the month her horoscope demands she get married and the potential grooms aren't looking her way because she is dusky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11407252", "title": "Prof from US traverses tribal belt to study Rathwa rituals", "text": "VADODARA: A professor of religious studies and recipient of the prestigious Mircea Eliade Jubilee Medal from the President of Romania professor Gregory Alles from Maryland in US is these days busy traversing Kawant and Chhota Udepur talukas to study something that most in the cities would consider a mystery. Alles is studying tribal rituals and to that end has learnt Gujarati well and easily strikes conversations with the tribals.When the professor at McDaniel College in Westminster, Maryland, participated in the 'Bhasha Vasudha' meet of global languages here, he instantly struck a chord with most around. It seemed as if he was more of a local with a different skin colour as he was meeting workers from tribal areas and even exchanged pleasantries in Gujarati with many.\"It would have been out of place if I went around trying to understand things in the tribal belt speaking English and not knowing their language well. So, it was necessary to know their language and talk to them in it,\" he says.The work that Alles has taken up is probably the first of its kind in the region. He has been traversing the tribal belt of the district and even spent nights with the tribals to understand their rituals. And more interesting is the fact that he is studying the rituals of Rathwas who are commonly referred to as 'nugras' or those who consume wine and eat meat.\"It would not be a good idea to call this spirituality. I am trying to look into how the adivasis think of their socio-cultural religion,\" said Alles, a Fulbright Scholar. Eventually Alles plans to come up with 12 essays that deal with the rituals of the Rathwas in a creative way.While many might be scared to venture around a place where a ritual is being conducted in the night, it entices Alles. \"I appreciate the beauty of these rituals especially those performed in the night,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408700", "title": "Cops train with NSG for Mumbai-like strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is training its personnel for extreme challenges like the Mumbai terror attack on November 26, 2008. The elite SWAT team of the special cell is being trained by the National Security Guard (NSG) after intelligence agencies pointed out the need to secure Delhi's lifeline, the Metro , from such attacks.\"The exercise under NSG began last October. The aim is to ensure that we are ready to handle any untoward incident. DMRC officials and CISF jawans, too, are aware of the exercise and we hope to train our men so that they can react quickly to a hostage situation,\" said a senior special cell officer.The development comes following a survey conducted after the Delhi high court blast in 2011. \"There is no specific input about an attack on the Metro but we have carried out a survey of all vital installations in the city after the high court blast in 2011. We felt that beefing up security at the Metro is a priority. It is for the same reason that we have placed quick reaction teams across important Metro stations in the trans-Yamuna region, with Northeast district alone having five QRTs,\" added the officer.The security wing has also been asked to beef up security for the Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama , who might be targeted by men of Tibetan origin residing in China.The intelligence inputs, which TOI reported on Saturday , had stated that a Chinese national of Tibetan origin, Tashi Phuntsok, is likely to enter India to gather intelligence on the Tibetan administration as well as cause harm to the Dalai Lama. Five more Chinese nationals of Tibetan origin - all six possibly from Chinese secret services - are also being suspected . \"We have received the input and doing the needful,\" confirmed a police officer.Delhi Police, which has already put fighting terror on its priority list for 2012, is, for the first time, giving commando training to all its recruits. A batch of 25 women recruits, who have excelled in the basic commando course at the Police training college, were sent to the CRPF training centre at Neemuch in Madhya Pradesh. The commando training has also been made compulsory for all probationary sub-inspectors at the end of their training.The special cell has also added a mobile forensic van to its investigation facilities to ensure that evidence is collected at the earliest from the blast sites. \"The van is equipped to carry out necessary forensic analysis on the spot,\" said an officer.All the anti-terror measures come in the backdrop of fresh inputs that the Indian Mujahideen, the terror module allegedly working along with Pakistan's ISI, is likely to carry out further attacks in Delhi and Mumbai. Among the possible targets are Barc, DRDO organizations , defence establishments like Mazagoan dock, naval yards, military colleges , economic institutions of importance, aviation sector, and establishments of oil and power sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "raiganj", "code": "11407269", "title": "Attacked in the place he loved most", "text": "RAIGANJ: With a two-day stubble and fear-stricken eyes, Professor Dilip De Sarkar looks like a haunted man. The brutal assault on campus last Thursday has left him and his family traumatized.\"The fear always haunts me. I cannot close my eyes at night despite taking sleeping pills,\" said De Sarkar. Wife Srijata, too, has spent two sleepless nights. \"I will take him to Siliguri and perhaps Kolkata as well to see a psychiatrist,\" she said. Son Agniva, an IT professional, sees no reason why papa should not \"resign right away\".The attack was all the more shocking because he is a respected name in these parts. Most of Raiganj calls him \"sir\" and when the local cultural forum decided to felicitate a dignitary at their annual function later this month, Prof De was their automatic choice. Apart from his daily work at Raiganj University College, De Sarkar quietly spends most of his time in the orphanage on the outskirts of the town. \"Please don't write about this. It is nothing worth mentioning. I just spend my leisure time with the kids,\" the principal said, when TOI asked him about his philanthropic activities.His family had never imagined that the professor would be targeted in Raiganj. This town has been his life since 1981 when he joined the college as a lecturer after topping North Bengal in the College Service Commission. With a brilliant career behind him (he was a topper in his graduation as well), he got offers from other colleges but refused. Even after returning from England, he chose to teach in Raiganj.\"I am from North Bengal and I never thought of leaving this place,\" said De Sarkar. But all that changed on January 5 when political goons hauled him by the collar and attacked him with rods and cricket stumps. News footage of the attack shocked the country. Calls and messages of concern flooded from all over. Now, the teacher does not know what to do next.It is not all smooth sailing since he took charge as principal in 2007. \"This is Raiganj, you know. Political turmoil was always there. Students are involved in active politics. But whenever a scuffle broke out, we could defuse the tension by negotiation. Never did they think of assaulting us teachers,\" said De Sarkar. \"It was the first time in 30 years...\"The teacher was so rattled that he did not step out of his house till Saturday. \"Even familiar faces scare me now. Will he attack me again? I had gone to the market today but returned home in a hurry,\" he confided. Srijata is battling to keep a bold face, \"I know that barring a few people, everyone is with us. Everything will be the same again. But how can I remove the fear from his mind?\"Former students like Subhas Roy and Joydip Bose have rushed to his side, baffled to see their \"down to earth \" teacher manhandled in his own college. De Sarkar says he feels ashamed by the political turmoil triggered by the attack. \"It is for me that roads were blocked and commuters faced trouble. Where shall I hide my face?\"Srijata strongly defends her husband against the Trinamool Congress' allegations. \"Take it from me, my husband never even saw the MP, let alone work on her directions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11410924", "title": "Siswa grampanchayat\u2019s powerpuff girls", "text": "Soumitra Das drives to a village in Gujarat's Anand district to meet 12 collegians who will decide the fate of 7,000 villagers for the next five yearsThe floral tapestry sofas arranged in a semi circle around a smoked glass coffee table that holds a bunch of fabric roses, are not enough to seat all 12 girls. Hinal Patel pulls up a couple of chairs. Twenty three-year-old Nisha Patel adjusts her georgette dupatta to sit firmly on her slight shoulders before she whips out a pen, holding it to a notepad.It's a Sunday panchayat meeting. Except there are no members squatting under a shady banyan. And there are no men.Hinal, the 25-year-old sarpanch of Siswa village in Borsad town of Anand district in Gujarat , Nisha and 10 of their friends meet every weekend to debate over the nitty gritty of running the village administration. The all-girls panchayat was appointed last month as part of the Samras scheme introduced by chief minister Narendra Modi a decade ago. Under it, as many as 254 villages have entrusted their panchayats entirely to women. The goal, say government representatives, is to avoid inter-village enmity; an inescapable outcome of election politics.The idea has found its fans. All-women panchayats have increased from 20 in the last elections to 254. On December 29, elections were held in 10,405 villages across Gujarat, of which 2,147 opted for Samras. All members were elected unopposed. Siswa stands apart on a more interesting count. All 12 grampanchayat members are college-going girls, aged 19 to 26, excited at the thought of improving the fate of 7,000 fellow villagers.A year ago, Hinal says she was preoccupied with landing a well-paying job after graduating from Bengaluru's Shree Raghvendra College of Nursing. Today, it's the challenge of renovating the old bus stand at the far end of Siswa that's taking up her time.\"I said an instant 'yes' when my father asked me if I was ready to take up the responsibility,\" says Hinal, flashing a dimpled grin. Her parents Shailesh and Pravinaben Patel have served as village heads too.For the last three terms, Siswa has been unanimously electing a woman sarpanch under Samras, says Shailesh. \"Five years ago, we appointed an all-women panchayat and it worked wonderfully. Women are convincing. Villagers tend to listen to them better. This time, we decided to go a step further and appoint young, educated girls who are brimming with fresh ideas.\"The 12 girls on the final list fitted the criteria. They had to be educated, single, and belong to the same village. Twenty-year-old engineering student Radha Patel went to the same school as Hinal, and lives a two-minute drive away in an old-world home that boasts high wooden beam ceilings. On the drive there, past a string of temples (\"there are 15 in all!\"), she makes it a point to mention her father, Vijay Patel, who despite being a modest farmer made sure she stuck to academics. Radha calls the opportunity a \"God-send\", leaving her overwhelmed at the thought of thousands backing her in support. It's the primary healthcare centre that tops her list of priorities. Equipping it with new-age facilities, and setting up an educational institution that will offer Siswa's students the option of pursuing science without having to relocate to Vidyanagar, are number one and two on her checklist.For Nisha, working in a team is hardly a bother. The manager at a motorbike showroom heads a group of 25 staffers. \"But I wasn't sure if I'd manage to balance both. My mother was adamant. She convinced me, and I'm glad she did,\" she says, sharing their latest plan of putting Siswa on the e-map with launching a website to help the community converge on a common platform. \"And yes, we'd like to increase employment opportunities through gruh udyog (small scale entrepreneurship).\"In indigenous Indian fashion, the team picked the palanquin as their election symbol. \"It symbolized the idea of carrying on our administrative responsibilities even if we relocate after marriage.\" Ironically, the thought of wary elders inching away from the girls, hardly keen on taking empowered women home, is far from their minds. \"No one is forcing them to marry us. Times have changed,\" says Radha.And for critics who point fingers at the incentivedriven scheme (the Modi government has raised the incentive for an all-women Samras panchayat controlling a village with a population of 5,000 to 15,000, to Rs 5 lakh), Siswa's sarpanch has this to say: \"When they select all-male panchayats under Samras, nobody seems to have a problem.\"soumitra.das@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11408055", "title": "City sees decade's 2nd wettest first week", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With 2010 as an exception, the first week of January this year has been the wettest for the Tricity in last decade. Until Saturday evening, Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula received a total of 3.6mm rainfall, which is second only to 5.6mm recorded in the first week of January, 2010.Weather experts said though the rainfall recorded this week was better, the minimum temperature recorded in Chandigarh over past one week has been much more than that recorded in previous years.During the current week, the minimum temperature started at two to three degrees celsius above normal and is six degrees celsius above normal at present. In 2010, the minimum temperature had dropped to 1.2 degrees celsius on January 1, 2010 and in 2007, the coldest day was recorded on January 6 when the mercury plummeted to 0 degree C.Chandigarh meteorological department director Surender Paul said, \"The rainfall in the Tricity has come about following heavy snowfall in Himachal Pradesh, which led to a cascading effect in the plains, where light to medium intensity rainfall has been recorded.\"He said such a scenario indicates towards a colder winter season than last year. \"Though we expect the rains would cease by Monday, cold winds would continue to blow across plains for a few more days,\" said Paul.With minimal rainfall, the next week would be cloudy without any major changes in the temperature, the Met director said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11408651", "title": "SSLC students will soon get question bank", "text": "MANGALORE: SSLC students in undivided Dakshina Kannada district need not fret anymore during examination. A question bank prepared by a panel of experienced teachers will soon be made available in schools. Through the new initiative, Dakshina Kannada High School Headmasters and Composite PU College Principals Association aim at reducing the stress SSLC students face during exams.Association president Fr Lawrence D'Souza said they have completed the process of preparing the question bank. The 250-page question bank book contains 15 sets of question papers. The association will distribute two books each to its 450 member schools for free. Schools may buy two books by paying Rs 60 from the association, he said, adding that the book will not be sold through book stalls or any other outlets.The objective of releasing a question bank is to help students, who are now forced to buy guides and question banks prepared by inexperienced persons and unknown companies. The association had formed a committee of experts to prepare questions. All question paper sets in the bank are finalised through the committee,\" he said adding that the association has plans of preparing question bank for PU students too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11408268", "title": "Bhattal faces Bhagwant Mann in Lehra", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The People's Party of Punjab released the second list of 23 candidates on Saturday, fielding the keenly-awaited comedian Bhagwant Mann against the senior Congress leader Rajinder Kaur Bhattal from Lehra and a political greenhorn Dr Raj Singh against the deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal from Jalalabad.In 2007 assembly elections, Bhattal had just managed to trounce SAD's Prem Singh Chandumajra by a slender margin of 270 votes in Lehra.Incidentally, Chandumajra who is contesting from Fategarh Sahib on SAD ticket this time will be battling out against now an ex-SAD legislator Didar Singh Bhatti, who left his party to join the People's Party of Punjab three days ago. The PPP had to make last-minute adjustments to the candidate list after Bhatti defected from SAD and expressed desire to join the Manpreet-led party.\"The decision to put comedian-turned-actor and vice-president of PPP was part of the strategy to put up stronger candidate against major leaders of Congress and SAD to give them less breathing space. So is the case with Bhatti against Chandumajra in Fategarh Sahib.\" said PPP spokesman Arunjot Sodhi.Mann, who has regaled countless audiences in the country and abroad with his comedy histrionics has been leading the party's initiatives in Doaba and Malwa region. The other highlight of the list are the 2 NRI candidates - Pardeep Singh Dhariwal (PPP) from Kotkapura and CPI(M) candidate Gurdev Dev from Boha, taking the total number of expat candidates to three.Dhaliwal, who has spent a few years in Canada , said he was disappointed with a small number of registered NRI voters announced by the EC last week. However, he said, more than 2000 NRIs had come in the last few months to campaign in their home constituencies.Oxford University graduate Amanpreet Singh Chhina, who has been fielded from Raja Sansi constituency is the other NRI fom the previous list. The total number of contestants from the combined list is now 64.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11407081", "title": "Sion &amp; Nair to get gynaecology and cancer specialty tags", "text": "MUMBAI: The evolution in supra-specialty care-be it in spinal, neuro, transplant or heart care-in the private sector is beyond the reach of the common man, and the city's public health planners finally seem to be correcting the imbalance.While work on JJ Hospital's new tower will commence early next year-after global tenders are floated and awarded-the BMC healthcare pie will expand sooner.Sion and Nair Hospitals are likely to be allotted more than 100 beds each in the forthcoming budget session. \"These projects are in the planning stage. But in this budget session, the expansion of bed capacity is likely to be passed,\" a highly placed source told TOI on condition of anonymity, adding that the number of beds may even touch 200 in each hospital. Incidentally, there will be no need for new construction to accommodate the expansion.Apart from the gynaecology department in Sion Hospital-where the influx of patients is always on the higher side owing to its proximity to Dharavi and referral cases from other hospitals and nursing homes-the beds are also likely to be added in the old OPD building. \"After the shift of the out-patient department of Sion Hospital across the road, there is a lot of available space in the old OPD building, which is where many new beds can be added,\" the source said.For the rest of the departments and Nair Hospital, however, the BMC is still to gauge the bed requirement.Experts believe that there is a need for more public cancer centres in the city. Dr Snehalata Deshmukh, former dean of Sion Hospital, said: \"Tata Memorial Hospital is the only public hospital that provides cancer care. Making Nair a specialty hospital for cancer is a good decision as it already has the required infrastructure for oncology treatment,\" she said, adding that Sion is already a trauma-care centre and making it a better specialty hospital for both emergency services and gynaecology would be beneficial.But what is required is adding research centres to these tertiary-care hospitals. The BMC should now focus on research, as these are the hospitals where we get most complicated cases, said experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408767", "title": "These youths fight corruption via music", "text": "MYSORE: The anti-corruption movement has inspired two city-based youths to think out of the box. They have produced a music video and dedicated it to social activist Anna Hazare , who is championing the cause. They have titled the video as 'Alarm' to denote its meaning and the significance it holds. As the anti-graft movement reached its zenith, 22-year-old Phalgunn Maharishi, who is passionate about music, hit upon the idea of producing the video.He joined hands with Suraj Shankar, his friend who is also keen on fighting corruption. Five months on, these boys, who are doing their graduation, produced 'Alarm', which will be released on Sunday at Veene Sheshanna Bhavan in Kuvempunagar at 11am.\"Corruption in the Indian society has prevailed for long. It's silently eating up the vitality of our country. The need of the hour is to wake up,\" said Phalgunn, who claims he has dedicated his life to music.\"Music is my love and this is my way of joining the fight against corruption,\" he added. Phalgunn has been working in the field of music for four years. He has worked on several short films and teamed with his cousin Suraj to produce one, which is yet to be released. \"I owe it all to my mother. She has always inspired me to work hard and follow my dreams,\" says Phalgunn. The 5-minute-long video features a Kannada song and has clippings of Mahatma Gandhi and Anna in their fight and a few sensational exposes. The music is rock genre with Kannada lyrics. The video has been shot around Mysore. The Hindi version penned by his mother Mandara Maharshi is due to be released soon Apoorva Somaiah", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "11408906", "title": "Chinese media slams US 'look east' policy", "text": "SHANGHAI: China's state-run news media warned Washington on Friday not to \"recklessly practice militarism\" or engage in \"war mongering,\" a day after the Obama administration outlined a new military strategy with an increased focus on China.The sharply worded commentary , published by the official Xinhua News Agency, also urged the United States to play a constructive role in the region.The official media also warned that the revamped national defence strategy and identifying China as a security threat may challenge mutual trust and cause potential military tensions between the two countries.The new defence strategic document titled 'Sustaining US Global Leadership: Priorities for 21st Century Defence' calls for the US military to strengthen its presence in Asia-Pacific and identifies China as a security threat in long term. The military review says US economic and security interests are \"inextricably\" connected with the area and the US military accordingly will \"of necessity rebalance toward the Asia- Pacific region\" , including strengthening Asian allies and investing in the strategic partnership with India, state-run China Daily reported. China's state media also accused US of being a \"troublemaker\" .President Obama introduced a new defence strategy on Thursday, aimed at creating a leaner, more dynamic American fighting force with an enlarged presence in Asia and the Pacific. The US had signaled its intention to bolster its military presence in Asia last month, and analysts say that has heightened concerns here that Washington is trying to counter China's rise. Relations between the US and China have often been strained over military issues.The Xinhua commentary, published under the byline Yu Zhixiao, does not represent China's official position. But because Xinhua is the official propaganda arm of the Communist Party , its editorials often mirror Beijing's positions . The commentary echoed earlier statements by military officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11408356", "title": "Three fatal mishaps can cost you DL", "text": "BANGALORE: Drive carefully, very carefully. If you are the cause of deaths in three traffic accidents, the government will cancel your driving licence, home minister R Ashoka said here on Saturday.Expressing concern over increasing road-accident deaths in the city, he said the home department would crack down on errant drivers. He outlined this proposal at a meeting of the 23rd National Road Safety Week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11408310", "title": "Patiala sees elevation of crown prince over raja", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The elevation of 'crown prince' over the younger brother of the king - that's the stuff many palace intrigues are made of. The erstwhile royal family of Patiala, too, is witnessing a similar political battle - between the heir apparent Raninder Singh, or his mother and MP Preneet Kaur , to be precise, and the Maharaja Patiala, Amarinder Singh's younger sibling, Malvinder Singh.Malvinder, whose formal title is that of 'Raja' in Patiala's Motibagh palace, who has never contested a poll earlier, had been an aspirant for a ticket from Patiala constituency for the last three assembly elections. Every time his request has been turned down, because, as per the palace grapevine, he was never considered to be in a position to win any of the polls. \"He actually owed his position to being the brother of Capt Amarinder, he didn't really have an independent standing,\" said an palace official.Sources say, though, the strain between Malvinder and Preneet started showing almost 10 years ago, no one really expected him to drop a bombshell such as the one seen on Saturday, when he left his 35-year-old association with Congress to join traditional rivals SAD. He got in touch with them 14 days ago, he got to know that Preneet was pushing for her son.The PPCC president, who had hoped in the morning's press conference at Chandigarh that his brother would reconcile to AICC chief 's decision, had barely spent a few moments with his 90-yearold mother at Patiala, when he learnt about Malvinder's defection.\"Maharaja sahib had planned to have his lunch with the Rajmata (Mohinder Kaur) at Patiala, but once he heard the news, he went into a huddle with his family members and advisers and then rushed back to Chandigarh,\" sources said.Reportedly, the brothers are yet to disclose the news to their ailing mother. \"They might do so tomorrow, we don't know how would she react,\" said people close to the royal family. The family has meanwhile, decided to maintain complete silence - either on Preneet or Raninder's part-leaving PCC chief to issue appropriate reaction.On the other hand, soon after joining SAD, Malvinder openly accused his sister-in-law of indulging in \"puttar - moh\" while negating his years of loyalty and support in personal and political crises. His family members were also equally angry, \"We never expected that Tikku would try to usurp his uncle's place in the constituencies, which Malvinder had nursed for years. If he or his family wanted they could have asked for and would have got any seat anywhere in Punjab, but they know that his uncle was getting old and didn't have very many chances left. He could have shown the grace and left his uncle's constituency to him.\"\"He has bitten off a very big apple, the question is whether he can swallow that,\" Malvinder declared even though he was \"confident\" that his own brother would win Patiala. Raninder has got his work cut out in the constituency after the delimitation changes.\" It doesn't help the family either that Raninder's mother would be dividing her time between her husband and her son's constituencies, while she earlier used to campaign exclusively in Patiala city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11409079", "title": "BBMP will rid city of illegal hoardings", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP will on Sunday kickstart a campaign to remove unauthorized roadside hoardings across the city.BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda directed all zonal, additional and joint commissioners to remove hoardings fixed unauthorizedly on tree branches all over Bangalore.Hoardings by various organizations and individuals on birthday greetings, condolences , festival greetings and other posters put up without permission are messing up the cityscape and should be removed , the commissioner instructed his officers.It is a punishable offence and those who put them up will be dealt with under the Karnataka Open Places (Prevention of Disfiguration) Act, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407784", "title": "Next decade will redefine the world: Naseer Munjee", "text": "PANAJI: While the past decade has seen major wars, the collapse of dictatorships and ideologies, the next decade will redefine the world, said noted economist Naseer Munjee.Munjee was delivering a talk titled 'Building a better world - The art of the possible' at the platinum jubilee celebrations of People's educational trust at Kala Academy, Panaji.Munjee, who is on the boards of leading corporate houses in the country, said \"We are shaped by context. Family, religion, state, caste, language form the basis of identity.\"He felt this prevents discussion of identity, objectively. Stating that breaking of artificial bonds of language, religion and culture was key, Munjee said that the clash of civilizations is a clash of ignorance.\"At the beginning of the 20th century, only 12 cities in the world had a population of a million. At the end of the century, there are 400 such cities,\" he added.The London School of Economics alumnus said the Indian economy has grown putting more resources for people who had none, but added, that while the world globalises, India is seeing greater tribalism.Lamenting rampant unplanned and unsustainable development, he said, \"We are surrounded by ugliness in cities. India needs to question the society we are becoming.\"Elaborating on ways of building a better society, Munjee said, \"We need to be building a caring society... a sharing society that distributes wealth voluntarily, not through taxes...we need a society concerned with truth and beauty.\"And this, he felt would entail a phase of re-learning.\"What parents learnt 40 years ago in the pre-computer days is today, at best, marginally relevant,\" he said.\"The future doesn't happen. It is made,\" said Munjee, who is chairman of the Development Credit Bank .\"We are entering a world where everything is possible. We, as a society, have to begin the change. We need to strive for interdependence, not independence,\" Munjee said.Referring to the recent civil society movements, Munjee added, \"Civil society is raising issues that the government is not realizing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407833", "title": "EC code delays 24x7 water supply project for Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: The model code of conduct - in force since December 24, 2011, due to the assembly election in the state - will delay implementation of the 70 crore 24X7 water supply project for Panaji, although the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) has sanctioned the funds for the project.\"The tendering process of the work will be delayed because the model code of conduct is in force which will delay the project,\" said sources in the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP).A recent JNNURM meeting sanctioned 70 crore for improving water supply in Panaji. Under this scheme, the CCP will build a new special water treatment plant at Opa for the purpose of dedicated water supply to the capital city.\"We will lay a special pipeline from Opa water treatment plant to Panaji for uninterrupted water supply for the city and we will strengthen the distributing network in Panaji. The CCP and state government has to invest 10% in this project, while 80% will be funded by the JNNURM scheme,\" said CCP sources.The funds will be routed through the Goa state urban development authority (GSUDA) and the CCP, while the work will be executed by the PWD.\"This work is likely to be completed within a period of 18 months time,\" sources added. click of a mouse: At the next JNNURM meeting, the CCP is likely to put up a proposal for sanction of 15 crore to implement e-governance in its administration. \"If this amount is sanctioned, then the CCP will be the first civic body in Goa to be fully computerized\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11407194", "title": "\u2018Innovations needed in tobacco products to check oral cancer\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Some innovations in the manufacturing of tobacco products can help reduce tobacco-related problems in the country. This was the opinion of doctors at the Conference of Frontiers in Prevention, Diagnosis and Therapy of Cancer (FPDTC), held at MLN Medical College on Saturday.Many oral cancer specialists said reducing the levels of nitrosamines and certain other toxicants found in Indian smokeless tobacco may greatly reduce the health risks of using them.FPDTC's organising secretary Prof Ravi Mehrotra said in India, about 85% tobacco consumption is in the form of various smokeless tobacco products and oral cancer is the most common cancer. In other parts of the world with traditional usage of smokeless tobacco, the link between consumption of smokeless tobacco products and oral cancer is far less pronounced - in some cases, such as Sweden, it does not exist at all, he added.Tobacco consumption plays a significant role in the pathogenesis of malignancies in the oropharyngeal region, especially in countries like India where these malignancies constitute up to 40 % of all malignancies in males, and there is a need for science and evidence-based policies to achieve tobacco control globally, said Prof Mehrotra.\"There is no question that Indian smokeless tobacco products are much higher in risk than US or Swedish products, with relative risks in the 10-20 range\", said Prof Brad Rodu of The James Graham Brown Cancer Center at the University of Louisville , Kentucky. It appears that these higher risks are possibly due to higher Tobacco-Specific Nitrosamines in Smokeless Tobacco levels, other unknown contaminants and the addition of areca (betel) nut and other substances, he added.In Sweden, with about 9 million inhabitants, almost 1 million (22% of men and 3% of women) use a variety of smokeless tobacco called snus daily. During the last four decades the use of snus has begun to replace the use of cigarettes. Today only 11% of men and 13% of women are daily smokers.Over three decades of scientific studies have shown that the use of snus in Sweden is not associated with oral cancer, however consuming gutka-like tobacco products in India makes it ten-times more likely for the user to get oral cancer,\" said Dr Sudhanshu Patwardhan from UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "11408489", "title": "6 arrested shifted to Bellary jail", "text": "BIJAPUR: Six persons, arrested in connection with Sindagi flag hoisting and who were remanded to judicial custody, have been shifted to Bellary Jail. According to jail superintendent Virendra Sinha they were arrested on January 4 morning. He said that the decision was taken from the point of view of security and after receiving permission from the higher-ups. He refused to give any other detail of the arrested and denied any clash between them and jail inmates.Meanwhile, the district administration has issued prohibitory orders throughout district. It has banned holding any function, meeting or protest rally in connection with the incident. In-charge deputy commissioner Kashinath Pawar said, \"From the point of view of law and order, meetings on the issue may result in untoward incidents and disturb normal life. Considering this, we are issuing orders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408573", "title": "Expired fertilizers seized, one arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of one person, Delhi Police has unearthed a racket in which expired insecticides and fertilizers were sold to farmers across Delhi, UP and Haryana. These insecticides, collected from farms in Gujarat and Rajasthan were taken to Ankleshwar in Gujarat and then repackaged using fake labels. These expired substances were then sent to a godown in the capital for sale in NCR.While the effect that use of expired fertilizers may have on public health is a cause of worry, what has further alarmed the investigators is the recovery of various fertilizers that can be processed to produce explosives . No link to any terror group has been established so far, though sources said some of these fertilizers were smuggled in from Pakistan.A team has now been sent to Gujarat to trace the main suppliers and find out the modus operandi of the gang involved . Several agencies dealing with agricultural products in the country had earlier complained how expired fertilizers were finding their way into the vast farmlands of north India.\"We have arrested one Brijesh Kumar Jain (50) who was stocking these pesticides in Delhi. He has been selling these expired items to farmers through sub-distributors at half the market price. In all, 978kg of these substances have been seized. Jain has admitted that he was involved in this trade for the past 18 months,'' said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.The consignment was seized after a raid on Jain's unlicensed godown located in Jagatpuri village.Additional DCP P Khuswah said the raid was conducted following a tip-off . Sources said during interrogation, Jain revealed that he supplies horticulture equipment to local markets in NCR. Cashing on the demand for insecticides and fertilizers in local markets , he purchased these expired insecticides and fertilizers at low prices from Ankleshwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11408014", "title": "Fog leads to 18 accidents in six days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dense fog and resultant low visibility has increased the number of road accidents on city roads. In last six days, 18 accidents involving cars and two-wheelers have been reported in the city.The latest was reported when a bus of Punjab Roadways Transport Corporation (PRTC) rammed the sector 35-23 roundabout on Saturday morning.Nobody was hurt in the accident. Area SHO Sukhbir Rana said this occurred due to low visibility. He added the bus driver was released after being questioned as nobody filed any complaint against him. In all, 12 of the 18 road accidents were reported in early hours when dense fog was visible in the city. Around 45 persons, including women and men were injured in these.Majority of accidents were reported at traffic junctions of sector 17-8, transport area, railway station and near new grain market in Sector 39.In all these collisions, Chandigarh police registered cases of rash and negligent driving. Traffic police officials said duty hours of cops had been increased and majority of mishaps were occurring due to the low visibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11408484", "title": "Calls to country\u2019s first lesbian helpline on rise", "text": "CHENNAI: Alternative sexuality may still be a topic discussed only in whispers in Chennai, but the number of city women calling up the first helpline for lesbians in the country has been going up considerably.The lesbian helpline (044-65515742) run by Indian Community Welfare Organisation (ICWO) in the city gets, on an average, more than a call every day. Last year the line got 400 calls, up from 150 calls in 2010. In 2009,the year when itwasestablished, the helpline got around 100 calls.Most of the calls are from women who are either in dilemma over accepting their sexual orientation or those facing insult and harassment for having spoken it out. \"Constant fights at home, especially with the men, are a common complaint from women who callup tosaythey are lesbians,\" says A J Hariharan of ICWO. \"We organise counselling and group discussions to support such people.\"Some women call with querieson whether itis rightor wrong to have physical intimacy with another woman. \"We don'thave answerson morality, butwe requestthem tocomefor the meetings where they can share their experiences with other lesbians and probably find answers,\" saysHariharan.Nirmala (name changed), a lesbian who works for the helpline, says many lesbians call when they are forced to marry aman of her parent'schoice.\"Some are on the verge of suicide,\" she says. ICWO set up the facility after two married women committed suicide by setting themselves ablaze near Sathangadu in North Chennai in May 2008. The incident took place after one of the women's husband opposed to their relationship.\"Lesbians are forced to keep their relationships under wraps. There would be many more who would call for help, if they knew the number,\" said Nirmala (namechanged), a lesbian who works with ICWO, which is holding a meeting on January 29 to expand the activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon/chandigarh", "code": "11406567", "title": "12-hour power cuts cripple Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON/CHANDIGARH: As the fog and rain made for dreary outdoors, residents of Gurgaon struggled with darker indoors on Saturday with even the tonier parts of the suburbs hit by 10-hour blackouts.Officials refused to promise brighter days ahead, saying the discoms were too broke to buy power. Several parts of the millennium city, the top revenue-earning district in Haryana, like DLF, Sushant Lok and HUDA sectors, reported about 12-hour power cuts on Friday and Saturday.Angry residents failed to get any assurance about when power would be restored from the helplines of the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam. Senior officers appeared to be in a state of denial, saying they had not heard of long, unscheduled power cuts forcing residents to depend completely on private back-ups, which if wired together could light up the Manhattan skyline. Haryana power minister Ajay Singh Yadav told TOI in Chandigarh that the government was providing 17 hours of electricity to urban and industrial consumers.\"We are trying to manage with available resources. Since there is no peak load due to usage of air-conditioners or other gadgets, the situation is very much within control,\" he said. On the other hand, discom officials said inadequate availability of electricity from the grid was the reason behind increasing blackouts. In the past three days, during which supply has plummeted, the shortfall had risen to 25%. Officials said there is a shortage of 35 lakh units of electricity per day in Gurgaon. The recent rain and fog had made the situation worse, officials said.But residents, who pay a lot for power, weren't buying these excuses. \"We have lost all faith in government agencies. The other day, the discom chief had said there was surplus power. Where is it going?\" asked Sudhir Kapoor of the DLF CITY Resident Welfare Association.Some residents were thinking of moving out. \"We've had power cuts for minimum 15 hours on Friday and Saturday. We are thinking of relocating,\" said Raman Lumba, a resident of DLF Phase-III. Others like Lakhwinder Kaur of Sushant Lok-1 said the outages were playing havoc with schedules of students preparing for their boards.The main problem seems to be dysfunctional power generation units at Khedar, Yamunanagar and Panipat and the inability of DHBVNL to buy power.During the past fortnight, there was hardly any day when Panipat thermal plant, with seven 110MW units, worked to capacity. Four units tripped on Thursday and before they could be fixed two more tripped on Saturday morning. One unit of 300MW Yamunanangar plant is closed since September while the Khedar unit is under repair for the past fortnight.Official generation data shows that 433 lakh units were produced on January 6 and of these 137 lakh units were from Kheder, where only one of the two units was functioning. In Panipat, 230 lakh units were generated and the rest was from Yamunanagar.On the top of this, cash-strapped discoms aren't in a position to buy power from other states or private power generating firms at higher rate to manage the crisis. Yadav, while admitting this, claimed the situation would improve once the 600MW unit at Khedar and two units of 110MW each at Panipat become operational by Sunday. Haryana Power Generation Corporation Ltd (HPGCL) managing director Anurag Aggarwal said that one Khedar unit was likely to be synchronized on Sunday along with a unit of Panipat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11408534", "title": "Docs say law to protect them has stayed on paper", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government had enacted a law to protect healthcare workers and hospitals against attacks, but only less than 10 cases have been filed under the legislation, complain doctors. Upset over the recent murder of a Tuticorin doctor by a patient's husband, the Indian Medical Association has decided to submit a list of doctors assaulted and the number of institutions in the state damaged between 2009 and 2011.The Tamil Nadu Medicare Service Persons and Medicare Service Institutions (Prevention of Violence and Damage or Loss to Property) Act spells out a punishment of up to ten years' imprisonment.IMA president Dr K Prakasam said at least 50 cases of assaults on doctors have been filed in various police stations in the last two years, but the act was invoked only in a few cases. In one of the cases, where a doctor in Tiruvarur was assaulted, IMA ensured that the act was invoked. \"We were surprised when the accused came out on bail. The act clearly states that violence against doctors is a cognisable and non-bailable,\" Dr Prakasam said. The Tuticorin case, too, has not been filed under the act. Lawyers attribute this to lack of awareness about the legislation.The act that came to force in July 2008 prohibits violence against healthcare workers (doctors, nurses, medical and nursing students and paramedical workers) and property of health service institutions. In addition to the imprisonment, the act also says that the person shall be liable to pay compensation for the damage or loss caused to the property, as determined by the court.The act was promulgated after doctors from several associations went on a protest following a series of attacks on doctors in private and public hospitals. Tamil Nadu Government Doctors Association president Dr Balakrishnan said there has been no action even when government hospitals were attacked. \"On many occasions, patients' relatives don't allow us to do our duty in peace. All patients don't die because of negligence. The relatives often threaten ward nurses and doctors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11407158", "title": "Many theories emerge as Naxals kill one more", "text": "NAGPUR: Controversies are rife after a 45-year-old was killed by the Naxals in Aheri tehsil. Many are linking the murder to ongoing cop recruitment but senior officials are denying it vehemently. Rumours are doing rounds that Suresh Alam was killed on Saturday because his daughter wanted to join police force. Senior police officials claimed, rebels merely eliminated a former ally.About 15-20 Naxals took Alam away from his house at Nandigaon before stabbing him fatally on Sironcha-Alapalli Road, according to sources. The murder took place shortly after the state home and district guardian minister RR Patil had expressed his concern over Naxals' targeting civilians, in Mumbai.Some security agencies indicated that they may target those who take part in police recruitment. Sources claim, rebels have been collecting names of aspirants of police recruitment.Gadchiroli SP S Vireesh Prabhu said, there were no applications from Alam's family. \"There is no connection between Alam's killing and police recruitment. We slapped Alam with preventive action in 2009,\" he said.On the contrary, a local source said, Alam's daughter had indeed submitted her forms. Some claimed, Alam was collecting money from aspirants who wanted to join police force but nothing was substantiated. Sources added, Alam's political affiliations and activities may have become led to his murder. The zilla parishad polls are going to be held soon in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11407107", "title": "Sceptical Pak traders favour MFN status to India", "text": "AMRITSAR: With a hope to increase bilateral trade in automotive sector with India, a delegation of 52 members of Pakistan Association of Automotive Parts and Accessories Manufacturers' (PAAPAM) arrived India via Attari land border on Saturday to attend the Auto Expo being held in Delhi. Though Pakistani businessmen favoured giving Most Favoured Nation (MFN) status to India, but they were also sceptical that MFN status could ruin their local industry.Talking to TOI, PAAPAM chairman Syed Nabeel Hashmi said in recent past Pakistan government had given positive and strong signal to India of according MFN status to increase bilateral trade between two nations. \"We have welcomed the decision, but at the same time we have told government that interests of local industry should be safeguarded,\" he said. He said there should be two-way trade. He said during auto expo they would hold meeting with their Indian counterparts and would hold B to B interaction and explore new possibilities of trade.Hashmi suggested that to make a favourable atmosphere allowing trade and business to flourish, both the governments of India and Pakistan, in the first phase, should allow free movement of people and vehicles across the border. \"I wish I had driven to Delhi in my car as was in Europe,\" he said, adding that in the second phase thrust should be given to promote trade between two nations.Another Pak businessman Rais Ahmad Sheikh said \"PAAPAM had not opposed giving MFN status to India provided Pakistan's home industry was not affected,\" he said. He said their market was open for raw material, but it shouldn't happen that their country becomes a market for selling finished goods. \"Business should be of mutual interest,\" he said.One of the delegates, Mohammad Saleem said they would stay for nearly a week in India and explore business potential in automotive sector. He opined that there should be frequent exchange of business delegations between two countries for the economic growth of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406869", "title": "Pak-backed fake currency racket busted", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major breakthrough, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) officials, with the help of Border Security Force, nabbed Morgen Hossain, said to be the kingpin of a major fake Indian currency racket, in West Bengal. Following his interrogation, the NIA arrested 10 gang members of the racket, including four hailing from Hyderabad.The officials of NIA, Hyderabad, identified the 10 arrested persons as Sajib-Ul-Haq, Anwar, Jamal Sheik and Akram (all from Hyderabad), Habibul Rehaman, Abdul Mutalik and Prashant Mondal (from Chennai), Morjen and Manik Sheik (from Malda in West Bengal) and Bahadur Yadav (from Delhi). Kingpin Hossain hails from Malda.NIA officials in a press release said that fake Indian currency notes (FICN) worth Rs 27,000 was recovered from the accused. \"Based on the information given by Morgen Hossain, the other accused were arrested after raids were conducted in Chennai, Malda and Hyderabad,'' officials said.During the interrogation of the accused, the investigating agency came to know that the source of fake currency was Pakistan and from there it was sent to Bangladesh via air before it was moved into India through the Indo-Bangla border villages. The accused, Morgen Hossain, with his aides would collect the currency and distribute it to the agents spread all over the country. But according to NIA, the conspiracy is much bigger as Pakistan is earning money by organising this activity.\"They transport FICN through rail route to all the states. Unemployed youth from Malda are lured and sent to various states as construction labourers to distribute high quality FICN. The local agents collect 60% of the genuine notes earned in return for every fake currency exchanged. Out of this, as per the deal, the genuine currency is then remitted into the bank accounts of the kingpin, who in turn returns some percentage of genuine currency to Bangladesh and Pak suppliers,\" officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406376", "title": "TV actor Dolly Bindra gets death threats", "text": "MUMBAI: Reality television actor Dolly Bindra complained to the Malad police on Saturday of having received threatening phone calls. A non-cognizable case has been registered by the cops.\"Bindra came to the police station around 10 am. She said that she had been receiving calls from an international number. The caller issued death threats and used abusive language,\" said inspector Rajaram Prabhu. No demand for money was made. Bindra has provided the caller's number to the cops who are verifying where the call was made from. \"There's a possibility that the caller used an international SIM card and made the threat calls from Mumbai itself. We are probing all angles,\" Prabhu added.Bindra, who resides at Malad West, appeared in the reality show 'Big Boss' (season 4) and was known for her brash behaviour. The police will also probe if she had a dispute with any of the contestants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11408883", "title": "Did top Obama aide curse Michelle?", "text": "NEW YORK: All has not been well between Michelle Obama and her husband's close aides, according to a new book which claims tension grew so severe at one point that then press secretary Robert Gibbs even \"cursed\" the First Lady behind her back in an outburst during a staff meeting.The book 'The Obamas' by New York Times reporter Jodi Kantor details Michelle's initial reluctance to move into the White House after her husband took office for the sake of her children and her friction with top Obama aides including former Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel .Kantor interviewed more than 30 current and former aides of president Obama and some of the first couple's closest friends for the book which says Michelle has been an \"unrecognized force in her husband's administration.To Michelle, some of her husband's staff members were too \"insular and not strategic enough\" . Matters came to a head in September 2010. It was about a French book which said Michelle had told Carla Bruni-Sarkozy that living in the White House was \"hell\" . Gibbs saw the news, \"a potential disaster\" . Gibbs \"fought the story back for hours, having the book translated and convincing the Elysee Palace to issue a denial.\"However during Emanuel's morning staff meeting the next day, another Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett said the first lady had \"concerns\" about the White House's response to the book. \"All eyes turned to Gibbs, who started to steam,\" Kantor says, citing several people present at the meeting. Kantor goes on to say that \"Gibbs yelled\" using \"expletives\" . Finally, several staff members said, the press secretary cursed the first lady and stormed out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11407964", "title": "Rotarians from Kerala drive to make country polio-free", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A drive to create awareness about making India a polio-free nation has brought six Rotarians to the city. They kickstarted their drive in two cars from Kochi, Kerala, on December 11, 2011. Their 63-day polio eradication drive would cover 23 states across 18,500 kilometres before culminating at Coimbatore in February 2012.The team would meet the President and Prime Minister in New Delhi along with WHO and UNESCO officials. School children will hold rallies to welcome the Rotarians at several places. Team leader George Kutty said such initiatives are part of Rotary Clubs' commitment to make India a polio-free country.India has reported only one case this year, said Kutty. \"Our aim is to make India polio-free for three consecutive years and thus conform to WHO stipulations to make our country polio-free,\" said Kutty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411419", "title": "Shakespeare and the Djinns", "text": "London-based Richard Twyman has spent years directing the Bard's work. He is now working on his first Indian play on KashmirThere is an adage in the UK, says Richard Twyman. \"Direct a new play like it's a classic, direct a classic like it's a new play\". This wisdom stands the theatre director in good stead. As part of the Royal Shakespeare Company until a couple of years ago, he worked on over 14 productions, with protagonists such as Othello, Julius Caesar , Richard and Henry, which won him many accolades. Right now, he is busy grappling with the Djinns of Kashmir as he works on his first play in India.Coming with the Western frame of reference, learning about the spirits in the play titled The Djinns of Eidgah was treading on the line of magic for the 31-year-old. But a month into the rehearsals Twyman understands, \"They are deeply rooted in the tangible world of the characters\".The play speaks about the plight of Kashmir - a world that he didn't have any experience of. His understanding of the subject improved after he came here. \"You read about the political and social landscape in Kashmir every single day in the papers. This gives you a sense of what's happening,\" he says.Even then a play aspires for a certain level of detail, which is not easy for an outsider. \"You become more particular about the mannerisms, the dialect and behaviour of the characters. But then again, this is not a documentary. It is a work of fiction,\" he says.Although what he is doing now is vastly different from what he has done in the past in some ways, it is also similar in others. \"The script written by Abhishek Majumdar has an eye for detail and the kind of humanity that is incredibly rare to find in new writing these days. Also, like in a Shakespearean play, The Djinns... uses sounds a lot. The Azaan playing in the background, vultures flying, dogs barking, and sounds of processions... another writer who makes references to sound is Shakespeare!\"After university, Twyman experimented with various forms of theatre. \"When I was 17, we performed Twelfth Night in school and I swore never to perform Shakespeare again.\" But he eventually got a job at the RSC. \"I had to seriously reassess my approach to Shakespeare and this served as a tremendous training ground,\" says Twyman, who currently teaches acting in the UK.The opportunity to come to India emerged after he participated in the summer residency programme at the Royal Court Theatre in London last year. It was here that he teamed up with playwright Abhishek Majumdar and a set of actors. The aim of the programme was to help the playwright develop the play through a rehearsed reading. \"Through the process of the workshop, Abhishek and I connected really well on the language and the passion for the craft.He had three drafts of The Djinns of Eidgah ready by then. He requested me to work with him for the Writers' Bloc festival.\"Directing in a different culture can throw up many unknowns. The biggest culture shock was to find actors here doing two or three jobs in different productions at the same time. \"In the UK, actors work on the same production from 10 am to 6 pm every day. Four weeks into the rehearsals, and I have worked with the entire cast only twice,\"says Twyman. \"But what intrigues me most is that whether a play is Shakespearean or about Kashmir, it has conflict of one or another kind. Within that, there are surviving hopes, dreams and realities.\"Reema.Gehi @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406664", "title": "Barons discover joy of giving!", "text": "HYDERABAD: Are promoters of Hyderabad-based companies increasingly becoming a very generous lot? It would certainly seem so going by the increasing trend of Hyderabad-based business barons gifting their spouses and children not expensive yachts, jets, cars, houses or even jewellery but shares worth hundreds of crores in companies founded by them.In one such act of generosity, chairman of Aurobindo Pharma, PV Ramprasad Reddy, has gifted a huge chunk of his stakeholding in the company to his wife K Suneela Rani, who is part of the promoter group but not involved in the affairs of the company.On Wednesday, Reddy gifted six crore shares of Aurobindo Pharma, valued at a little over Rs 539 crore, based on Wednesday's closing price of the scrip on Bombay Stock Exchange, to his wife. The generous gift has, however, left him with a meager 6.69% stake in the company (from 27.30%) that he co-founded in 1986 along with K Nithyananda Reddy. His wife, of course, is richer, holding as she does 31.20% stake in the Rs 4,400-crore turnover pharma player.When contacted, an Aurobindo Pharma spokesperson refused to comment on the reason for the gift but said it would not make much of a difference as it was all in the family. \"As long as the promoter group is intact it does not make any difference to the company,\" the spokesperson said.Reddy is not alone in experiencing the joy of giving. In fact, just a few months ago, in late September 2011, Divi's Laboratories promoter, chairman and managing director, Murali K Divi, outdid most with his staggering Rs 3,149 crore gift by way of 4.30 crore shares of Divi's Labs to his daughter Nilima Motaparty and son Kiran S Divi.His magnanimity has left Divi with a paltry 5.87% stake in the company, down from 38.28%, but made his daughter the single largest stakeholder with 20.35% shares. His son now is the second-largest stakeholder with a 17.34% stake.Among the first to trigger off this trend of stake-gifting in AP Inc was GVK group promoter, chairman and managing director GV Krishna Reddy who, in March-April 2010, practically gifted away his entire 23.37% stake in GVK Power and Infrastructure Ltd, valued then at a whopping Rs 1,640 crore, to his wife G Indira Krishna Reddy.GVK Reddy holds only 0.50% stake in the GVK group flagship. GVK group has interests in airports, power, roads, hospitality, realty, life sciences and even Australian coal mines. His wife, who is a director on the infrastructure company's board, holds 27.61% in GVKPIL.So, are these acts of giving prompted by just the good old feeling of generosity or are hidden motives driving AP Inc promoters to gift away precious stake in companies they have built?According to analysts, there could be many reasons for such acts ranging from smart tax management, operational issues, financial and legal liabilities, long-term succession planning and induction of family members into the business.\"There could be many reasons for gifting of company stake. While some could be for genuine reasons like giving larger participation to other family members in the business or operational reasons, there could be hidden reasons as well which might have to do with the promoter trying to shake off some liabilities. Nobody really knows,\" points out Sarabjit Kaur Nangra, vice-president, research, Angel Broking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406202", "title": "TRS may not obstruct Jagan\u2019s \u2018T\u2019our", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana activists on Saturday indicated that YSR Congress president Y S Jaganmohan Reddy might not face stiff resistance from T-zealots when he comes down to Armoor in Nizamabad district on January 10 to undertake a three-day 48-hour staggered fast to champion farmers' issues.A day after Telangana activists violently opposed the visit of TDP president Chandrababu Naidu to Warangal district, when asked if Jagan would be given the same treatment, Telangana Political JAC chairman M Kodandaram told STOI: \"We are against the visit of any politician to the region without him spelling his party's stance on Telangana. When you want to conduct a political programme among our people, then they have a right to demand the leader's stand on the Telangana issue.\"However, according to Kodandaram, there is a difference between Warangal, where Naidu faced fierce protests on Friday, and Armoor, where Jagan is scheduled to go. \"Our strength varies from district to district,\" he said. The strength of Telangana Political JAC cadres in Armoor is minimal compared to Warangal. \"Therefore, even if the T-JAC and TRS oppose Jagan's visit, the YSR Congress is not likely to face the kind of resistance that Naidu faced,\" averred analysts.Meanwhile,. I Gopala Sharma, T-JAC Nizamabad district convenor, told STOI that a call had been given to the cadre to oppose Jagan's visit to Armoor. On its part, the TRS is maintaining that it is the T-JAC that gives the call to boycott or oppose the visit of a Seemandhra leader and that they would respond accordingly to Jagan's visit. \"It is the T-JAC that gives the protest call. As a member of the T-JAC, the TRS will certainly participate in the resistance rally against Jagan,\" party MLA Harish Rao told STOI.However, despite the threat, the YSR Congress leaders in the Telangana region are confident that Jagan's visit will not see much opposition. Expressing confidence to this effect, former MLA and YSR Congress leader from Armoor Bajireddy Goverdhan said Jagan was not opposed to Telangana. \"Jagan is not coming to Armoor with any political agenda. He wants to express solidarity with the farmers of the state who are in a severe crisis. We are demanding an immediate relief for the farmers, especially turmeric and cotton growers,\" Bajireddy said. According to Bajireddy, Jagan chose Armoor as the venue of his `deeksha' because his father Y S Rajasekhara Reddy launched his struggle for farmers' welfare from this town in the year 2000. \"Jagan's `deeksha' in Armoor will change the dynamics of the state politics,\" the YSR Congress leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11407145", "title": "Risk of avalanches up with intense snowfall", "text": "SHIMLA: Fearing avalanches due to heavy snowfall on the lower and higher peaks of Himachal Pradesh on Saturday, the state government issued an advisory to residents not to venture out in the open. Snowfall on the low-lying areas such as Chamba, Nurpur, Jassur, Nagrota Surian and Karnarthu and Utrala came as a surprise to people.With weathermen predicting worse conditions in the coming days, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal has directed the district administration to ensure safety of the general public.The concerned authorities have been directed to clear snow from the roads to facilitate smooth movement of traffic. \"Essential commodities have been stocked to meet requirements of people living in difficult areas,\" Dhumal said.Chamba deputy commissioner Sharab Chhopal Negi and Lahaul-Spiti deputy commissioner Rajeev Shankar have advised the people of the two districts to restrict their movement. They said all parts of the Chamba and Lahaul-Spiti districts were experiencing heavy snowfall since morning, and preventive measures were necessary for safety of people. With snowfall lashing the upper reaches of Shimla, commuters to Rampur were diverted via Dhami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407822", "title": "Excise raids four bars in Ponda", "text": "PANAJI: As part of election-related monitoring, the state excise department has intensified patrolling in Ponda and conducted four raids on bars for non-maintenance of accounts.\"As the election commission has issued directives, we have told bars and liquor outlets to maintain accounts of transactions on a day-to-day basis. We have also received an order from the deputy collector to this effect,\" said excise department sources.Bars seem to be complying with stipulations of closing by 10 pm. \"Most of the bars are closed by 10pm. But we will continue with the patrolling,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406818", "title": "No horn please, plead city school students", "text": "PATNA: Public organizations and the city police have taken it upon themselves to make Patna a city of serenity and calmness. With this objective, dozens of students and city SP Kim joined hands on Saturday to create awareness against unnecessary blowing of horns on city roads.Under the banner of Students Oxygen Movement (SOM), dozens of students belonging to International School on Saturday morning assembled at the Income-Tax roundabout. They were holding placards and posters in their hands. They stopped several vehicles and politely requested their owners to support the drive.\"Unnecessary blowing of horns is one of the main reasons behind losing tranquillity in any city. We should try to avoid disturbing the calmness of our city,\" said city SP Kim. The SP lent her support to the movement by being present there.Kim appreciated the efforts of SOM and encouraged children to participate in such activities. She also said that more such programmes were needed in the city. \"The city police can also play a role in it. We will always support it,\" the SP added.The students also formed a human chain to draw public attention to the issue. During the one hour that they spent there, the students pasted stickers of \"No Horn Please\" on cars, bikes and auto rickshaws plying through the thoroughfare.\"Horn on streets is extremely irritating. It is unpleasant. We have to suffer it right in the morning when we go to school and then again when we return home,\" Kritika Singh, a student, told TOI. SOM convener Binod Singh said: \"The unpleasantness of horns feels like abuses.\"Singh said that SOM is planning to organize such an awareness programme once in a week. \"Currently, we are working at it. We will organize it more frequently, so that the menace is reduced,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11407130", "title": "HC declines to stay proceedings against Virbhadra, wife in graft case", "text": "SHIMLA: Not giving any respite to Union minister Virbhadra Singh in a corruption case registered against him and wife Pratibha Singh by the state vigilance and anti-corruption bureau in 2009, Himachal Pradesh high court on Saturday declined to stay the proceedings of trial court, saying that the trial court is free to examine the accused.A division bench of chief justice Kurian Joseph and justice V K Ahuja, which had reserved its order on Janurary 5, said, \"the trial court in Shimla is free to examine the accused.\"In his petition filed before the high court, Union minister of micro, small and medium enterprises, Virbhadra Singh, had sought the transfer of corruption case to Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and quashing of police complaint against them. He had also petitioned for a stay on trial court proceedings.\"In case the petitioners are discharged in the process of consideration under section 239 CrPC, it's not necessary to consider other prayers in the writ petition. On the contrary, in the process, in case the charges are framed against the petitioners, only then other contentions need be looked into, including the one for investigation by CBI,\" the court said.Virbhadra Singh and Pratibha Singh were booked by state police on August 3, 2009 under Prevention of Corruption Act for alleged misuse of his official position and criminal misconduct when Virbhadra was chief minister of the state in 1989.\"The trial court has already summoned the petitioners by order dated October 23, 2010. That order has become final. The next stage is consideration of charges. Having not challenged the order under section 204 CrPC... the petitioners have to face the next stage of consideration of charges,\" the bench said, adding, \"consideration of charges does not mean that charges have been framed\".\"The petitioners and respondents have advanced several arguments and have raised several contentions including maintainability of the writ petition. We do not think it necessary, at this stage, to go into all those aspects,\" the bench said.\"The trial court has posted the case for consideration of charges. As we have clarified the legal position, consideration of police charges and documents sent therewith is an exercise to be undertaken by the trial court. The trial court is free to examine the accused,\" it said.However, the high court posted the writ petition after the orders of trial court under sections 239 and 240 CrPC came.The government had filed a chargesheet against the couple in the court of special judge B L Soni in October 2010. Soon after registration of the case in 2009, the couple moved the high court.A single bench of the high court on September 3, 2010, had turned down the minister's petition to transfer the case to CBI under section 482 of the Criminal Procedure Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406932", "title": "Day later, BJP poaches Cong man", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Ghatkopar BJP corporator Pravin Velji Chheda defected to the Congress, the BJP shot back on Saturday by poaching a Congress corporator from the same area. Warning the Congress to stop \"body shopping\" in the run-up to the crucial municipal polls, BJP leaders - including Venkaiah Naidu , Gopinath Munde , Sudhir Mungantiwar and leader of the opposition in the legislative council Vinod Tawde - welcomed Suresh Shantaram Golatkar, a three-term corporator from Ward 125 (Pant Nagar).\"For the past five years I put up with infighting in the Congress rank and file and was promoted and manipulated by various factions in the party,\" Golatkar told TOI. \"Over a period of time, it became tiresome to walk the tight rope between the warring camps. I can't do it anymore.\"Golatkar won the ward seat twice as a Shiv Sena corporator, in 1997 and 2002. He then switched loyalties to the Congress along with current Maharashtra industries minister Narayan Rane . He fought the 2007 election on a Congress ticket. Things became tougher for Golatkar this year after his ward became reserved for women during the implementation of the 50% quota for women in the BMC house.However, Golatkar said the switch has nothing to do with the reservation. \"I have never asked for a ticket from the Congress and will not do that with the BJP either in the future. It is just that I have never managed to earn the party's respect and was always treated like and outsider from the 'Rane camp',\" he said.While it had downplayed the defection of its senior corporator on Friday, the BJP leadership was in no mood to be on the defensive this time, sending a clear warning for the Congress to stop the poaching. \"This is a fitting reply to the body-shopping the Congress started yesterday,\" Tawde told TOI. \"They should stop this business now and get down to the issue of development if they want to fight this election fairly.\" Asked how long the poaching would go on if the Congress decided to retaliate, Tawde said, \"It doesn't matter, but at least the BJP will not lose more big names than the Congress.\"Congress leader Kripashankar Singh said he came to know of the development later on Saturday evening and did not get a chance to speak to the defecting corporator. \"I haven't spoken to him yet. However, corporators leaving our party and coming from the other side are just a small part of the election process.\"With just over a month to go for the battle to control the country's richest municipal corporation, politicians are conveniently swapping priorities and ideologies. Aware of the dangers of last-minute defections, most parties are busy identifying aspirants who may defect when denied a ticket. The Shiv Sena has asked functionaries to identify possible defectors. \"As it is, with 50% seats reserved for women, there is already a paucity of tickets on offer. It is becoming difficult to choose the right candidates. This is the first time we have to prepare for a scenario in which even the staunchest of loyalists could switch sides,\" said a senior Sena leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11407438", "title": "Patch it up or forget your money, road makers told", "text": "CHENNAI: The city corporation has set out to nail contractors who laid roads that didn't hold together even for a year. It will be the first such attempt in the civic body's history.Corporation issued notices to 22 contractors who laid roads in 2010 and 2011 and has asked them to repair by January 15 the cracked-up roads. If they refuse, the civic body will repair the roads and recover the expense from a part of the contractors' payment held back as per the defect liability clause.According to the road contract, 2.5% of the amount payable to the contractors is retained as defect liability deposit. If a road fails to last one year, the corporation will use the money to mend the road.A recent survey by the civic body found that of the 241 bus route roads laid during the period, nearly half were damaged even before a year. Corporation commissioner PWC Davidar said, \"Even if a road develops one or two potholes, we consider it damaged. And 112 of the 241 roads developed potholes within a year of tarring\".The civic body being aware that the city's bad drainage system is the major cause of road damage has factored in external reasons too before hauling up road makers. \"We made sure the potholes were casued due to bad material or faulty mechanisms. We found roads dug up by other agencies or drainage channels blocked; it cannot be blamed on the contractor,\" said an official in the bus route roads department.Contractors said every inch of the re-laid road was inspected and approved by corporation officials then. \"The road work was overseen by an independent quality control team, the then commissioner, corporation engineers and the secretary of local administration. Now how can they say our work is defective?\" said R Ramarao, the president of Road Contractors Association, who also received a notice.Ramarao said the specifications laid by the corporation did not make provisions (cambers) to drain out water that falls on road surface. \"The ministry of road transport's rules say a newly laid road at 140 degrees should be given 24 hours to set, but the corporation allows vehicles in hardly an hour,\" he said.The civic body decided to haul up contractors after they came under heavy fire for bad roads. \"We have been putting in a lot of efforts into road repair. So once I knew about the retainer clause and saw the report, I decided to issue all of them notices,\" said the commissioner.The corporation has warned the road makers that shoddy work history could get them blacklisted. \"If contractors default on repairs, they would lose out on road contracts lined up this year,\" said a corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11406154", "title": "Overcast skies cause mercury to dip", "text": "VARANASI: Overcast conditions and cold wave had most parts of the region in their grip on Saturday.While the maximum temperature fell from 20.1 degree C (Friday) to record 17.9 degree C (drop of 2.2 degree C), even the jump in the minimum temperature from 10.2 degree C to record 13.6 degree C in the past 24 hours hardly gave respite from the chill. The slight drizzle during late night and early morning hours (Met office recorded 0.3 mm rainfall) also worsened the conditions. Most parts of the region also remained under cloud cover throughout the day.According to SN Pandey, weather scientist, BHU, Western disturbance and fresh snowfall in the Himalayan region has brought a change in the weather conditions in the region. He also added that the conditions would most likely prevail for a day or two as the humidity level in the region is high (over 97%).Meanwhile, weather conditions also aggravated power woes as various feeders, including the southern feeders attached to 33 KV Shankuldhara and Bhadaini along with 33 KV Chowkaghat in the heart of the city, faced frequent power disruptions in the day. A number of trans-Varuna areas including Pandeypur, Sarnath and Ashapur also faced additional power rostering due to tripping of feeders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407793", "title": "EC says all Mayawati statues will be covered", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi on Saturday said all statues of Mayawati and elephants, election symbol of the Bahujan Samaj Party , will be covered ahead of the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls. TOI had reported on Friday that the EC was pondering over this decision. An official order in this regard is still awaited, Quraishi confirmed it would be issued soon.The CEC also said that though he had only received complaints about statutes of the CM and her party's symbol giving BSP an undue advantage, the EC would also ensure that statues of all political figures affiliated to political parties were covered. The bulk of the statues, in Lucknow, Noida and other places, will remain covered till the seven-phase polls -- from Feb 4 to 28 -- are over.Mayawati is the only leader in the country who ordered her own statues to be built, and they tower beside those of Gautam Buddha and B R Ambedkar in the several concrete parks constructed during her five-year rule to commemorate Dalit icons. BSP had claimed the statues were built to honour the wish of Maya's mentor, Kanshi Ram.On a two-day visit to UP to assess the election preparedness of the state, Quraishi met representatives of political parties and administrative officials of the UP government. He said: \"The Commission is doing everything to ensure a level playing field for all candidates. We have taken into account the complaints made by the political parties. We have also warned officials that neutrality under all circumstances is non-negotiable.\"The Chief Election Commissioner said all political parties that met him on Friday did apprehend partisan behaviour of some senior UP government officials towards the Mayawati government.According to a reply to an RTI query, there are nine statues of the dalit leader in different memorials constructed in Lucknow.Her tallest statue, a 24-feet bronze structure, is at the Pratibimb Sthal inside Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan sthal in Gomtinagar. It cost the state exchequer Rs 1.44 crore.The memorial has two more bronze statues of Mayawati: one inside the gallery and one in the main hall. The statue in the gallery is 18-feet tall and cost Rs 47.25 lakh while the one in main hall is a modest nine feet and cost Rs 23 lakh.Another statue of Mayawati, around 12 feet tall, is at Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Pariwartan Sthal, Gomti Tatbandh. The bronze statue cost the state Rs 20.25 lakh. This statue was once replaced with another after Mayawati spotted some defects in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408727", "title": "This city offers heritage and education", "text": "When Maharani Vani Vilas ruled the state in the late 1890s, two special classes of training were held just for widows. During the reign of Mummadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar, the Wesleyan Mission School was given financial assistance and his successor Chamaraja Wadiyar focused on education and how to increase girl student strength by four times. Hence, the Heritage City has a rich past in education hence making it a knowledge centre. The journey and some of the milestones in achieving the distinction of an education hub is interesting. With the University of Mysore netting 'universities with potential for excellence' status, the focus on back on education.After Christian missionaries arrived here, the focus on public education increased. For the record , the Wesleyan Mission School opened in 1854, which was encouraged by Mummadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar. It is said that he supervised a full dress examination of 90 students studying at the school. Mysore was a pioneer in education and had an English school in 1839. It was during the reign of Chamaraja Wadiyar that education sector got a good boost. The maharaja, who ruled from 1881 to 1894, increased the money slotted for education.According to 'Mysore Gazetteer', the number of government and aided schools rose from 866 to 1,797 during his 13-year reign and expenditure shot up from Rs 3.15 lakh to Rs 8.20 lakh. As against 39,413 boys in 1881, the number of intake rose to 71,167. However, it was the percentage of girls who started to study that was the talking point. The number of girl students in early 1880s was 3,000 which rose to 12,000 in 1894. Administrators set up 800 primary vernacular schools and 50 English-medium middle schools. The 13-year rule also saw five industrial schools, 30 Sanskrit schools and one first grade English college, besides three oriental college.It was during his rule that the Maharani's College was set up. What started as a philanthropic effort to get girls into education in 1881 soon took shape of a reputed institution and pioneer in female education. As per the records, the institution was first supported partly from grants by Mysore administrators and partly from charity funds. Such was the dedication of those who were promoting it, that by 1889 they got an European to head it. Thornton was appointed as the lady superintendent since one of the rules of the institution was to combine western methods with oriental views. When three of its students passed degree course in early 1900s, it was a first for Maharani's College and also South India.Soon, the Mysore government stepped in to promote the initiative by taking over the management in 1891.Chamaraja Wadiyar died at a young age but his wife Maharani Vani Vilas didn't lose focus on the field of education. While she ruled from 1894 to 1902, the number of public institutions went up from 1,797 (1894-95) to 2,231 by 1900-end. But later the number of pupils declined from 1,11,020 to 91,112 due to plague. Maharani Vani Vilas helped set up two special classes for training of widows and employ them as teachers at the Maharani's. Buildings for students' hostels were constructed at Bangalore and Mysore investing a lot of money and suitable grants-in-aid were given to hostels established at other district headquarters.Four students were sent to the US to receive training in electrical engineering and the government funded the project. Salaries of female teachers were also revised.Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar, her successor, helped in establishing Victoria Girls School in 1903 and established India's sixth varsity when the University of Mysore was established in 1916.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11407869", "title": "RSP to shut down polluting units", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP) has agreed to close down its more than half a century old power plant and the sinter unit which had been severely polluting the area.The PSU was forced to do so following the December 19 order of the State Pollution Control Board (SPCB) after the later rejected its request to keep in abeyance the closure notice.The board apparently put its foot down and refused to reconsider its decision when the RSP CEO G S Prasad called on the SPCB member secretary Sidhant Das here on Friday. Prasad appraised Das of anti-pollution measures initiated by the RSP and insisted that emission level had been \"controlled considerably\".He also said that the Sinter plant-1 would soon be phased out after expected stabilization of the plant-3 by December 2012. He requested the board to allow both the units to run till such time alternative arrangements were put in place.The RSP chief further said closure of the two units at this stage could affect the steel production drastically. The board, however, declined to entertain the appeal. \"We informed the RSP CEO that the plant must implement the board order first before coming up with any future proposal,\" Das said.\"The RSP has not yet complied with the direction of the board,\" he added.The SPCB had cracked its whip on the Central PSU last month after keeping it under watch for two years during which the Sinter plant-1 and the medium pressure boiler-III of the captive power plant-1 showed no sign of rectifying their pollution level.Though availability of power may not pose much problem for the RSP, the closure of the 1959 make 50 MW power plant however might affect steel production as steam generated and supplied from it is used like oxygen for keeping alive the four blast furnaces.The sinter plant on the other hand converts iron ores into desired sizes before feeding into the blast furnaces. \"Now that the pollution control board has refused to entertain our request we are left with no option but to close both the units in a day or two. Though our Rs 11,000 crore modernization work is currently underway, closure of these two units is surely going to have an adverse chain reaction on steel production,\" said a RSP official.The RSP produces around 7,000 tons of hot metal (liquid iron), 6,300 tons of crude steel and about 5,800 tons of finished steel everyday. Under the present circumstances, the RSP may have to live with another CPP of 120 MW capacity, built in 1983 and the second sinter plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11408362", "title": "Help pours in from all quarters for ailing \u2018Raja\u2019", "text": "INDORE: Elephant lovers are doing everything possible to see that the ailing jumbo at Mhow Veterinary College does not suffer from lack of medicine or diet. Elephant lovers from as far as Bhopal and other places are extending help to see the ailing tusker gets best possible treatment.The tusker was brought to Mhow from Kota in Rajasthan for treatment of congenital disease.Dr Hemant Mehta, one of the vets treating Raja, said the tusker required medicines worth Rs 10,000, approximately. This is in addition to expenses on the animal's diet.\"The pachyderm requires milk, which costs Rs 5,000 a day,\" he said, adding that more than 50 bottles of saline have been injected into the behemoth. Raja was also suffering from dehydration.The owner of Raja was finding it difficult to meet huge medical and food expenditure running into a couple of thousands of rupees daily, vets said.Dr Mehta said the hospital was not accepting any financial help towards the elephant's treatment expenses and the people were encouraged to extend their help in form of medicines and food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11407950", "title": "SIT to probe Dibang police firing incident", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh government on Friday handed over the investigations into the police firing incident at Roing in Lower Dibang Valley district to the Special Investigation Team ( SIT) of the state police, following recommendations of the inquiry committee constituted in December, 2011. The team would be headed by a police officer not below the rank of a DSP.Nine students including a girl, and another civilian were injured when Special Task Force (STF) personnel opened fire on a group of students on October 5 last year following an altercation. Police chased and fired at the group of students on the streets of Roing bazaar. Gun shots continued for almost ten minutes.The incident evoked strong protest in the district headquarters town with many organizations demanding an inquiry and punishment to the culprits.The committee, besides making the recommendation, submitted a 205 page report to the government after inquiring into the causes and circumstances of the incident.The CM agreed to other recommendations of the inquiry committee including taking immediate steps for training Arunachal Pradesh Civil Services ( APCS ) officers in effectively dealing with law and order situation, riots, crowd control, communal tension etc, and directing the district administration to improve communication skillsto remove all misunderstandings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407325", "title": "NDA cadet collapses during training, dies", "text": "PUNE: A third term air force cadet collapsed following a heart attack during a training run at the National Defence Academy (NDA) in Khadakwasla, near here, on Friday and died in hospital later.K Vignesh (19), who hailed from Chennai, was taken to the Military Hospital (MH) by fellow cadets and conducting officers soon after he collapsed around 5.30 pm.Late on Friday night, the medical authorities moved Vignesh to the MH's cardio-thoracic centre (CTC), but he died around 4.30 am on Saturday.\"Vignesh was a cadet of the 125th course and had joined the academy in January 2011. He was staying at the 'Bravo' squadron,\" an NDA official said. Vignesh's parents, who are both teachers by profession, have been informed about the incident and they arrived here by early Saturday morning flight from Chennai, the official said.\"The process of handing over the body to the parents is under way,\" the official said. Asked whether Vignesh had any previous medical history, the official said, \"As far as we know, Vignesh had no prior medical history.\" Cadets join the academy only after being cleared by the Services Medical Board as part of the three-stage admission process.\"The fact that Vignesh was cleared by the medical board means that he was medically fit,\" the official said, adding that it appears to be a purely unfortunate accident.\"The NDA has been following a very structured and organised training plan for its cadets for the last several years, which includes physical training and academics. Everything is well laid down as to which cadet will do what activity at what place and time, under supervision of the conducting training officer,\" the official said.Asked whether Vignesh was suffering from over-exertion, the official said that it was a routine training run which the cadets undertake as part of their training programme.\"Usually, cadets do the run which has no specified distance like the cross-country marathon event, which is for 12.5 km. In the present case, it was a routine training run,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406330", "title": "Leopard sighted in Bhandup", "text": "MUMBAI: Bhandup residents sighted a leopard late on Friday. \"The leopard was seen by some bystanders.The animal ran away after people raised an alarm. A biker also saw it on LBS Marg,\" said Vijendra Singh, a local.The big cat's pugmarks have also been found at a local petrol pump. It could be possible it has gone into hiding in a closed factory. It could be the same leopard that was sighted at Kanjurmarg few days ago,\" said Singh.\"No one alerted us about the sighting of a leopard in the locality,\" a Bhandup police officer said. tnnLocals at Bhandup (west) sighted a leopard on Friday night. According to local resident Vijendra Singh, the leopard was spotted by few people. It ran away after people started screaming. \"A biker also saw the leopard.He saw the leopard crossing the road in LBS marg in Bhandup (west). Pug marks has been found in the premises of Kaka Petrol pump. It could be possible it has gone into hiding in a closed factory. It could be the same leopard that was sighted at Kanjurmarg few days ago,\" said Singh. Bhandup police said no one called them with information about any leopard presence in the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11407080", "title": "Make Lokpal Bill strong: Jawdekar", "text": "AKOLA: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will not tolerate restrictions on press and media, said Prakash Jawdekar, national spokesman. Talking to newspersons at BJP office here on Friday afternoon, Jawdekar stressed the need for a legislation for protection of journalists.He advocated that Lokpal Bill should be strong and must include the prime minister's post. The present Lokpal Bill is most weak and hence it should be opposed tooth and nail, he said.He alleged that the UPA government was inefficient and weakened and expressed the hope that BJP-Shiv Sena alliance would emerge powerful at the Centre and in Maharashtra.Later addressing an awards distribution function organized by Akola Zilla Patrakar Sangh at Pramilatai Oke Hall, he said that the central and state governments should not interfere in the affairs of media. He gave away nine awards in memory of journalists to scribes from various languages. Sidhharth Sharma, secretary of Akhil Bharatiya Marathi Patrakar Parishad, was also felicitated. BJP MP Sanjay Dhotre presided.Narendra Patel and Harish Alimchandani, the then presidents of Akola Municipal Council who belonged to Congress, were admitted to BJP in presence of Jawdekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11408827", "title": "IT dept to keep tabs on black money use", "text": "NOIDA: The income tax department of Uttar Pradesh has introduced a slew of measures to check the use of black money in the Assembly elections.The department has fixed Rs 2.5 lakh as the upper limit on the cash that a person can carry at any given point of time till the model code of conduct is in place. \"Any person found with a huge amount of cash, even if it is below the permissible limit, must give an explanation for the source of the money and its destination, \" said a senior official of the IT department in Lucknow.\"If we find no documented evidence, we will seize the cash,\" said A P Singh, joint director of income tax department, also a nodal officer who will correspond with the Election Commission regarding all such matters.To keep tabs on suspicious transactions, the department has carried out a minor shuffle of officials posted in its nine investigating units spread across Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand.The department has set up a 24X7 toll-free helpline for the public to register complaints if they suspect foul play or encounter any person carrying a huge amount of cash. The helpline (1800-180-5132) operates from the office of director general in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11408447", "title": "MCC puts 175-yr history on display", "text": "CHENNAI: Did you know that Madras Christian College was the first in the country to have hostels for students? This later turned into a tutorial system with teachers too staying there.The history of the first campus hostel system, and more, are on display at an exhibition on the MCC campus to mark its 175th year celebrations which kicked off on Saturday. It will showcase rare photographs of the college hostel, students,faculty andbuildingsfrom its first campus in George Town .Ancient documents and photographs on exhibit, mostly sourced from the campus archive, are as old as the civilization of the city. An 1850 photograph of Madras Black Town, now known as Esplanade, is one of the oldest in the exhibition.A full-size portrait of William Miller, the first principal of MCC, is another attraction as the photo print brought in 1892 from Edinburgh has survived for decades without any protective frame or coating.Joshua Kalapati, senior philosophy professor and historian at Madras Christian College, said, the exhibition would prove to be an eye-opener for students and historians as the institution had pioneered several educational practices in the country.\"It was William Miller who started the first student's hostel in the country, called 'student homes'. He wanted the student homes to be governed by the inmates themselves,\" said Kalapati.But Miller built the student homes keeping in mind differences in caste prevalent at that time. \"Caste Hindu students were allowed to live separately. Breaking caste identities was impossible and undesirable,\" say early documents of MCC.The exhibition will showcase photographs and documents in five sections through which the history of the campus will be portrayed. The exhibition will also showcase photographs and articles on various themes, including campus biodiversity and famous women alumni. Rare pictures of hall life are another attraction. The self-governed student hostels known as 'halls' and the healthy rivalry between them are also being portrayed in the exhibition.Rev Robert Willis, dean of Canterbury Cathedral in the United Kingdom, took part in a thanksgiving service organised in the campus to mark the college's 175th year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11414543", "title": "Ace swimmer Gopal Kharvi attempts at Guinness World Records", "text": "Mangalore: Ace swimmer Gopal Kharvi successfully attempted at recording his name in the Guinness Book of World Records by swimming both his hands and legs handcuffed from St Mary's Island to Malpe beach in Udupi on Sunday.A native of Kundapur, Kharvi covered a distance of nine kilometers. Guinness representative Siddaraju from Bangalore and Udupi circle inspector Girish handcuffed Gopal Kharvi at St Mary's Island at 7.40 am. He reached Malpe beach at 10.25 am, covering the distance in 2.45 hours. Whether or not Kharvi has entered the records will be known in three months.Kharvi, a fisherman by profession, is the son of Nagesh Kharvi and Radha Kharvi. A native of Kodi Kanyana of Udupi district is a recipient of Karnataka Rajyotsava Award.The swimmer has entered Limca Book of World Records for the year 2011 for his feat in swimming 15 kms distance from St Marys Island to Malpe shore on December 20, 2009 in 3.26 hours. Kharvi had covered the distance with his hands tied behind and his legs chained.On this occasion, Guru Jyothi Club and Yashpal Suvarna presented a cash award of Rs 10,000 and Rs 5,000 respectively to the swimmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11407923", "title": "Exhibition opens avenues for parents", "text": "LUDHIANA: Inquisitive parents lined up at the Premier Schools Exhibition, India's largest exhibition on schools, which is on for the 5th consecutive year in city at a local hotel. All parents visiting the exhibition got a chance to interact with school representatives, collect latest information, counselling and on-the-spot admissions. The participating schools presented their academic excellence, performance, infrastructure and facilities, teaching methodology, and fees structure to the parents. Over 20 schools from Ludhiana, Chandigarh, Dehradun, Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, Ambala, Pune, Jaipur and various parts of Punjab and Rajasthan are participating in this.Sanjay Batra, a businessman and resident of Sarabha Nagar, who had come to the exhibition to look for some good residential school for his daughter, said, \"I always wanted my daughters to study in some good internationally reputed school. This exhibition provided me an insight into the reputed schools in India. I liked the facilities provided by Unison World School in Dehradun.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "11407105", "title": "Underage rape victim: Villagers worried as accused evades cops", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: While police are yet to chase down the accused, similar is the situation with the district administration as well as district women and child welfare department, who are yet to wake up to the cause of a 13-year-old rape victim, who is carrying an eight-month pregnancy now.The girl, who is unaware of future implications, has been put in isolation at her uncle's house in the village. The villagers here are rueful about the role of government and are also worried about safe delivery by the girl, who is underage, sources said.The victim is a motherless girl whose driver-father is an alcoholic. She is currently staying with her uncle in Garhi Sikandra village in Radaur block of the district.The district child and women welfare department have provisions to ensure a safe and secure atmosphere for such victims by recommending their stay in Nari Niketan at Karnal.Enquiries revealed that it is either on the recommendation of the department or by the order of court that the victim can be admitted in Nari Niketan, a rehabilitation centre for destitute women.Former sarpanch Ghasitu Ram said, \"She is at growing age and will have to face society tomorrow. Villagers will try to ensure that nobody makes any comment which would hurt her, but worry remains as to who will adopt her until she attains adulthood.''Joining him was Harsh Wardhan, a resident, who confirmed that rehabilitation and safe delivery were the main topics of discussion in the village these days.Meanwhile, having failed to arrest accused Neeraj, police on Satruday produced the victim before duty magistrate for recording her statement.When contacted, deputy commissioner Ashok Sangwan said that chief medical officer (CMO) has been asked to make necessary arrangements to ensure safe and institutional delivery by the victim.\"We are closely monitoring the situation and necessary instructions have been issued to health officials. Regarding custody of the girl, she is currently living with her uncle. After delivery, we shall once again ascertain their mind whether they require any assistance. We are taking steps to arrange rehabilitation of the victim and her new born baby,'' the DC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11407970", "title": "Timing of Krishna\u2019s maiden trip to Israel holds the key", "text": "NEW DELHI: The timing of foreign minister S M Krishna's visit to Israel on Sunday is what makes his trip - the first by an Indian foreign minister in almost a decade - significant.Krishna's visit comes when India and Israel are celebrating 20 years of diplomatic relations, but also at a time when the West Asia is in the throes of different uprisings, and the prospect of a conflict with Iran is sharper than ever. To maintain \"balance\", Krishna will also meet the Palestinian Authority in Ramallah as well as a stopover in Jordan and the UAE .During his visit, Krishna will be meeting the entire top leadership in Israel, a sign that the relationship, which has evolved rapidly in the past couple of decades, is one of India's most important. Krishna is expected to call on Israeli President Simon Peres and Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu , besides holding talks with deputy PM and foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman and finance minister Yuval Steinitz.He will visit pay his respects at Yad Vashem, the Holocaust Memorial, apart from the Indian War Cemetery, where 79 Indian soldiers killed in the World War I are buried, and an Indian hospice in the old city of Jerusalem.Krishna is likely to announce the opening of a new Israeli consulate in Bangalore. This would be important for the growing technology ties between the two countries, spanning defence and space technologies, information and pharmaceutical as well as a burgeoning security relationship.An extradition treaty and another agreement for transfer of sentenced persons is likely to be signed during the visit. The last foreign minister to visit Israel was Jaswant Singh in 2000. But the discussions will cover critical issues like Iran, Arab uprising, and even energy cooperation as Israel prepares to become a gas-rich economy, with huge gas finds in the eastern Mediterranean.India will be looking at more counter-terror and defence cooperation with Israel, but the two countries plan to diversify ties. Agriculture will dominate the \"deliverables\" of the visit. Israel will sponsor over 100 post-doctoral fellowships of Indian scholars, with a large chunk in the farm sector. Israel is in the midst of executing about 27 agricultural projects in seven key Indian states.India and Israel are negotiating a free-trade agreement which is likely to push up bilateral trade to about $15 billion - the defence trade is around $9 billion - according to some estimates. India believes Israel can play an important role in augmenting India's efforts to ensure food security. The two sides are also expected to unveil a composite Indo-Israeli fund for spurring research and development in various fields.After the trip to Tel Aviv and Jerusalem , Krishna will travel to Ramallah to meet Prime Minister of the Palestine National Authority Salam Fayaad, and is expected to announce fresh aid for the development of the Palestinian territory. He is expected to reiterateIndia's commitment to an independent Palestinian state living in peace with Israel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11406640", "title": "Mamata\u2019s antics a ploy to clip Congress wings before civic polls?", "text": "NEW DELHI: As she keeps ramping up confrontation with Congress, Mamata Banerjee may appear to be acting recklessly, considering that political brinkmanship defies the assessment that the Trinamool Congress chief has her own compulsions to remain aligned with Congress.Her dire need for a financial package from the Centre and the desire to deny the CPM the benefit of a split in anti-Left vote were supposed to be a deterrent against the sort of unilateralism that Banerjee is engaged in.But while her aggression may be at odds with calculations, the perception that Banerjee's upping the ante against the Congress is a thoughtless aggression is not correct.Indeed, she has a purpose in the brinkmanship she is indulging in by acting against ally Congress in the state. The TMC chief is trying to dissociate from the Congress and raising the pitch gradually because her agenda is to wipe out the party and replace it completely by her own, TMC.Similar aspirations in other states have failed to fructify, forcing breakaway Congress groups like the Tamil Maanila Congress and the NCP to either share space or merge with the parent party.But while the failed ambitions may raise strong doubts about the viability of Banerjee's political project, they have not been an impediment for the politician who relishes being bold.Panchayat elections will be held in Bengal next year. Banerjee is hoping to squeeze out the Congress by that time, so that the Trinamool can put up its candidates across the state to fight a bipolar battle against the CPM.The fact that the Congress at the Centre is considering options like allying with the Samajwadi Party if the Uttar Pradesh poll results allow such manouvering, and having suffered from too many blows from Trinamool on issues ranging from the Teesta water treaty with Bangladesh to FDI in multi-brand retail to the Lokpal Bill, has also turned Banerjee more combative.If things come to such a pass that the Congress could replace the TMC with the SP or the BSP in the UPA-II, Banerjee would prefer to dump the Congress first rather than be dumped by it. That she does not need the Congress to keep her government in office in Kolkata will only be to her advantage.Congress, of course, sees the game plan. Hence the party's Bengal unit is fighting it out on streets to use the war-like situation to not just survive, but to grab as much attention as possible to highlight its presence in the state politics.For instance, an issue like Banerjee's decision to rename Indira Bhawan as Nazrul Bhawan, has helped Congress play up an emotional card, where the name of former PM Indira Gandhi is involved. On this issue, the state Congress unit also easily got the backing of the party high command. It is not without the support of the high command that state leaders like Deepa Dasmunsi have taken to streets against ally TMC. The Congress has marked its presence by touching a chord with the public by taking up the Indira Bhawan issue already.However, both the TMC and the Congress will prefer to remain allies on paper till the 2014 parliamentary polls, but whether Banerjee's brinkmanship reaches a point of no return and the allies have to part ways remains to be seen. If she needs Central help to manage the economy and the security situation in the state desperately, the Congress too is not sure of whether it can find a replacement for the TMC at the Centre after the UP polls.Till then, the cat and mouse game promises to go on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11414528", "title": "Snowfall continues in HP, 2 die due to lightening", "text": "SHIMLA: The higher reaches and mountain passes in Himachal Pradesh continued to experience intermittent heavy snowfall and rains leading to a dip in maximum day temperature even as the lower hills had some respite.The higher reaches in Kullu and Chamba districts and tribal Lahaul and Pangi valleys experienced heavy snowfall during past 48 hours, completely paralysing normal life while key tourist resorts of Manali, Dalhousie and Shimla had another spell of moderate snowfall.The continuous snowfall in high altitude areas in Chamba and Kullu districts aggravated avalanche threat and the people living in these areas were advised not to venture out till the weather is cleared. The Chamba town received 50 cm snow, while Dalhousie and other higher hills were covered under 130 cm and 150 to 180 cm of snow and a major power breakdown has added to the vows of the shivering people.The Chamba-Pathankot highway was blocked due to heavy snowfall, while vehicular traffic has been disrupted in upper Shimla, Kullu-Manali, Chamba and interiors of Sirmaur district. Two persons were killed in Chamba near Banikhet as lightening struck during the severe thunderstorm, an official said.The mighty Rohtang Pass , Solang Nallah and Mari in Kullu district, Dhauladhar and Churdhar ranges in Kangra and Sirmaur and Saach, Chansel and Kunzam passes were experiencing intermittent heavy snowfall and Rohtang was covered under 170 cm of snow.The minimum temperature hovered around freezing point in most places in mid and higher hills, maximum day temperature plunged to 0.4 deg C in Manali, 1.6 deg C in state capital Shimla and Keylong. The local MeT office has predicted dry weather in mid and lower hills during next two days and isolated rains and thunderstorms in higher hills and tribal areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "debaditya has finally got his wish. the director, whose \"8", "code": "11410967", "title": "Back on track", "text": "Debaditya has finally got his wish. The director, whose \"8:08 er Bonga Local\" is all set to hit the screens on April 13, is happy that Kabir Suman has finally given his consent to sing a number in the project.Says the director, \"The number, \"Roj sokal ghum theke otha/Ek i routine sei ek i chhota\" is penned by Srijato, while Tanmoy Bose has done the score for it. Right from the start, we were all keen on having Kabir Suman sing it. In fact, Srijato and Tanmoyda had spoken to him also about it. But at that point, he had politely declined saying that he was not too keen on singing in films. We next went ahead and recorded the track with Shaan and Nirmalya.\" Ayub Bachchu is also supposed to record the song soon.Adds the filmmaker, \"After placing the track in the film, I felt that Kabir Suman's voice was best-suited for the song. I wanted to give it another shot. This time around, Tanmoyda went and met him. The veteran singer heard the song and gave his nod for the same. That was some achievement. I could not have asked for more. It has tentatively been decided that the recording will happen on January 17.\"This song will be there in the film at least four times. Ask the director which version will finally make it to the film and he explains, \"I would want Kabir Suman's rendition to be the title track. We will have all the versions in the film.\" When CT got in touch with the singer, he said, \"Yes, I am singing the song in the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407392", "title": "SP, BSP under fire for promising cheap liquor, arms licences", "text": "LUCKNOW: Politicians in Uttar Pradesh are now openly promising cheap liquor and free-for-all firearm licences if voted to power in the assembly election.After Samajwadi Party (SP) state president Akhilesh Yadav sought public support at a public meeting in Bhimnagar pointing out that the prices of alcohol have gone up in the Mayawati regime, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) leader and social welfare minister in Mayawati's government Indrajeet Saroj, at a public meeting in Kaushambi, assured people that firearms licences will be distributed in large numbers in the area if BSP continues in power after the election.Yadav, who has opposed the entry of west UP mafia don D P Yadav in SP, landed in a controversy on Thursday when he said that not only the prices of petrol and diesel have gone up, people are not evening getting their daily dose of 'evening medicine' (liquor) as prices have shot up.He said that people who consume alcohol are the real campaigners of the party. He said those who consume 'sham ki dawa' are with the SP and thus, they are the party's real campaigners.Saroj, on the other hand, promised voters firearm licences in exchange for support to the BSP. He said that people need firearm licence for self protection. Saroj was apparently trying to appease the people in the area where firearms are a status symbol. Most people in the upper castes have firearms. Lower castes now also aspire to match upper castes.While the Congress party and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) have lashed out at the BSP and SP for stooping low for electoral gains, the Election Commission has reports from district administrations of Kaushambi and Moradabad on the above issues.BJP leaders said that this shows how desperate the SP and BSP are to grab power. Congress leaders, on the other hand, said that the promises made by the SP and BSP leaders are unethical and open violation of model code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11408106", "title": "Minor raped by neighbour in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A 13-year-old girl was raped by her neighbour in her Jagganathpur home on Friday when her parents were out. Seema (name changed) was alone at home when her neighbour Mukesh Lal along with three of his friends came to her house and asked for tobacco.\"When she said she doesn't have it, he placed gagged her mouth and pushed her inside the house as the three others stood guard outside. He tore my daughter's clothes and raped her,\" said Kamla Devi, the mother of the victim. \"Her uncle entered the house at that time and tried to get hold of the boy but he escaped,\" she added.The girl's parents work as labourers. The mother of the victim said the accused were the residents of Badka Toli in Jagganathpur.Indrajeet Mahta, additional superintendent of police of Hatia, said, \"An FIR has been lodged against all the four boys. The three friends who were standing guard, Bittoo Lal, Biru Badaik and Neeraj Thakur, have been traced. The main accused, Mukesh Lal, is still missing.\"The girl has been sent for medical test and the three boys are being questioned, said Mahta. \"We are still looking for Lal who has not returned home since the incident,\" said Mahta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407197", "title": "Journalist appointed member of home guards committee", "text": "PUNE: Journalist Syed Mumtaz Syed Ghafoor, a resident of New Mondha area, has been appointed a non-official member of the Aurangabad district home guards coordination and advisory committee.Suresh Pote, Aurangabad district home guards commandant and additional superintendent of police (Aurangabad rural), communicated this decision to Syed Mumtaz recently.Aurangabad collector Kumal Kumar and H K Narke are among other office-bearers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11406207", "title": "Kushwaha is not our adarsh, says Naqvi", "text": "VARANASI: \"Whoever wants to join the party to strengthen our fight against corruption would be welcomed wholeheartedly. Even Congress president Sonia Gandhi would be welcomed if she wishes to fight against corruption,\" said senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi when asked about the entry of Babu Singh Kushwaha into the partyfold.Naqvi while talking to media persons on Saturday tried to defend Kushwaha's entry into the party but at the same time he also tried to make it clear that he (Kushwaha) was not as important for BJP as the issue of corruption.\"Babu Singh Kushwaha humare adarsh nahin hain (Kushwaha is not an ideal for the BJP),\" he said and added the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam in UP originating from the coffer of chief minister Mayawati flowed downward. \"We have no objection to sending Kushwaha behind the bars, but he should be accompanied by others, including Mayawati,\" said Naqvi and alleged that Kushwaha's issue was being raised by parties that were directly involved in corruption.\"Have patience and wait for sometime, it may be possible that Kushwaha reveals some secrets and big names involved in the scam,\" said Naqvi, adding it was that point that worried the Congress. He maintained that corruption had been the core issue for BJP and it would go to the UP assembly poll with this issue. He reiterated that BJP was committed to a corruption-free and crime-free UP. However, he was unable to explain how the party would achieve this goal with tainted party members.Replying to a query regarding the differences surfaced in party over Kushwaha issue, he said the BJP was a big party based on democratic principles. Being a democratic party there was a possibility of differences on certain issues, but any decision of the party taken collectively was the final decision. He, however, failed to explain what prompted BJP to include Kushwaha into the partyfold.Naqvi, who looks after poll management, was in the city to hold meeting of senior workers engaged in poll management and to give a final touch to poll preparations. He said the party would begin poll campaign in the state in full swing in a couple of days. According to him, over 111 big 'parivartan maha rallies' would be organised at different places in the state. These rallies would be addressed by senior leaders and star campaigners like LK Advani, BJP president Nitin Gadkari , Arun Jetely, Sushma Swaraj and others.The chief ministers of BJP ruled states would also take part in the poll campaign in UP. Besides, over 500 public meetings at assembly constituency level, over 800 road shows, street plays and foot march would also be organised during the poll campaign.He said the BJP had suggested the Election Commission to put a veil on the idols and sculptures of elephants (which is the party symbol of BSP) during the election period in view of the model code of conduct. \"During the parliamentary election, the image of Atal Behari Vajpayee was also removed from the national highways,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11415827", "title": "Cold, asthma patients rising in district", "text": "VARANASI: Call it a result of prevailing chilly conditions, the patients of cold, pneumonia and allergic asthma are on the rise in the district. The number of patients visiting the paediatric OPD of BHU Hospital of different government hospitals in the district has gone up from around 120 per day to over 150 in the last one week.Similarly, the number of patients has seen around 10% rise in paediatric wards of SPG and DDU hospitals. The dip in mercury is proving hazardous for the young children. Influenza and viral fever spread during cold conditions. Poor sanitation conditions only aggravate the situation and can also cause cold diarrhoea, said Dr Alok Bhardwaj, a senior paediatrician and IMA secretary, on Sunday.Besides the cases of flu and viral fever, cases of pneumonia and allergic asthma are also rising in the region. Dr Bhardwaj added that the declining difference between maximum and minimum temperatures threatens to increase allergens in the environment and a body with a weak immune system (like those of kids and elderly) could fall prey to these conditions.Dr J K Samaria, a senior consultant, chest (TB and respiratory diseases), BHU, said, \"While pneumonia in young children could be seen under these conditions, the chances of aggravation of allergic asthma in elderly patients also remain high.\" Meanwhile, the difference between maximum and minimum temperatures continued to shrink on Sunday, as the city recorded 17.9 degrees C (maximum) and 15.2 degrees (minimum) in the day.The overcast conditions and blowing of chilly winds restricted the movements of visitors in the city. At prominent ghats like Dasaswamedh and Asi, locals and visitors were seen keeping themselves warm by lighting bonfires. The power supply that had dwindled on Saturday showed signs of improvement, as southern parts and trans-Varuna areas got regular power supply in the day. Other parts of the city witnessed scheduled rostering of four hours in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407401", "title": "Goa Urdu Academy demands 4 Muslim tickets for polls", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Urdu Academy has demanded that the Congress should give four tickets to persons from the Muslim community for the upcoming assembly elections, from which, two seats should be reserved for Muslim women.Speaking to mediapersons, Goa Urdu Academy president Shaikh Sulaiman Karol demanded four seats for the Muslim community including Fatorda, Mormugao, Taleigao and Navelim.Claiming that Muslims have a majority vote-share in St Cruz constituency, Shaikh demanded a Congress ticket for Urfan Mulla to contest from the St Cruz seat. \"If Mulla is denied ST Cruz constituency, then he may be given a ticket in Fatorda constituency,\" he added.He also said that for the last 50 years, Congress has used Muslims as a vote bank and now it was time to give tickets to the community. \"We have been known as a Congress vote bank, but this time we are serious about tickets for the Muslim community,\" said Shaikh.Accusing the government for neglecting Urdu language in Goa, Shaikh also demanded a Rs 50 lakh grant for Urdu Academy, which was established in August, 2011. \"The government should give grants to Urdu Academy, the same way it is giving grants to Konkani, Marathi and Tiatr Academy,\" he said.Academy member Hazra Hunmani stated that providing jobs and good education to Muslim women has always been kept on the back-burner. \"Hence, we demand that Taleigao and Navelim seats be reserved for Muslim women,\" she said.\"The reason for our demands is that we want a Muslim representative to raise the voice of the Muslim community in the assembly,\" said Shabana Banu, another academy member, adding that if the Congress does not listen to the demands, then the community will decide on a further course of action.Recently, All Goa Muslim Councillors (AGMC) demanded a Congress ticket for Vasco councilor Saifulla Khan. AGMC has given a deadline of January 15 to consider its demands. The Goa Muslim Forum (GMF) had also demanded that the Congress party should give seven percent reservation for Muslims in the assembly, municipalities and panchayat elections. GMF has also threatened that if Congress is not able to fulfill its demands, then the community can move to any other political party which would cater to their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11408769", "title": "Pawar plans larger role for Harshada Wanjale", "text": "PUNE: When deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar launched the Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) preparations for the civic election by addressing a party convention in the city, he ensured that Harshada Wanjale, widow of late Maharashtra Navnirman Sena MLA Ramesh Wanjale was on the dais with other prominent party leaders.He said that leaders like Harshada will play an important role in the PMC and zilla parishad elections. In October, the Khadakwasla assembly constituency, where factors were just right for an NCP win, fell into the Bharatiya Janata Party's kitty after its candidate Bhimrao Tapkir defeated Harshada by a margin of 3,625 votes.The NCP had hoped to cash in on the sympathy wave by fielding Harshada. Her husband had represented the constituency till his death in June. Pawar made a special reference to the constituency's results in his speech.\"Khadakwasla's defeat is my own defeat. In politics, victory and losses are never permanent. We should move ahead now. We received less voting in Dhankawdi where we have our corporators,\" Pawar said. The NCP is represented by Datta Dhankawade in the PMC.\"I am not dejected with the Khadakwasla defeat. Instead, I have become more vigorous and vigilant. The PMC polls are an opportunity for the NCP to prove its dominance in our hometown of Pune,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11410889", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan makes cops dance to his tunes !", "text": "Not only was it a full a house at the annual police function held in Mumbai on Saturday but the entire film industry was all praises for them. Shah Rukh Khan who made the cops dance to his tunes later in the night tweeted,``Umang...Mumbai police function...they r such a lovely set of hosts. Bless them...had a great time...met farhan...abhay...ritesh.. ranbir.''(sic)Amitabh Bachchan tweeted,`` The yearly function UMANG for the families of the police force, when we pay tribute and entertain them for their dedication. Bachchan considers Mumbai police force to be the best in the world. He tweeted,``give them opportunity and trust and they turn up trumps.''Madhuri Dixit Nene who has just returned to Mumbai after a decade too performed at the event. She tweeted,``just finished performing for Umang . It was a pleasure to support the cause and entertain those who take care of us!\"\"Salman Khan drove straight from the finale of Bigg Boss to perform at the Umang function performed to his songs from Dabanng and Ready", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11407840", "title": "City catches Facebook fever", "text": "LUDHIANA: There's a new address in town that Ludhianvis are scampering to - an 'I love Ludhiana' page on Facebook. With over a lakh hits every day and 33,500 likes from residents, the page is fast becoming the page to be on among netizens in the city. Friends Raman Singh and Harjinder Singh Kukreja - the hands and mind behind the page - are not really surprised.\"Social networking is a strong medium. If used sensibly it can help save lives,\" said Harjinder, a restauranteur and co-administrator of the page.Tapping the power and reach of social networking sites, the friends are using the page to invoke Ludhianvi pride, promote events in the city, broadcast social and religious messages and highlight problems faced by city residents. \"The page has more readership than some newspapers,'' added Harjinder, a resident of Gurdev Nagar.The other administrator of the page, Raman said it is very satisfying to reach thousands of people from their home city every day. \"For us this is an opportunity to reach out and inspire fellow Ludhianvis to make a positive difference in society,'' added Raman, a final year student of Khalsa College.The tech-savvy duo want to transform the way Ludhiana connects with their page. \"By the end of 2012, we are aiming at one lakh 'likes' for the page,'' said Raman, who lives in Sargodha Colony.Talking about the benefits of the medium, Harjinder said he had once shared information about friend's grandfather's health and that he urgently required blood. \"My friend got more than 50 phone calls from willing donors within 30 minutes of the information going online,'' he said.Nodding in agreement, Raman said he promoted an artist friend's exhibition on the page and among those who showed up at the exhibition, about 100 people said they got to know about the event from the Facebook page. \"And for Ludhianvis living abroad, this page is a connect back home, with their city and it's pulse just a click away,'' Raman added.DEMOGRAPHICSAbout 60% users on page are between 18 and 24 years old while less than 6% are above 35. Only 31% users are females compared to the 69% males on the page. Over 5,000 users on the page are Ludhianvis living in Canada , USA, UK, Australia and New Zealand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407837", "title": "BSP terms transfers of officials anti-dalit", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission (EC) late on Saturday night directed the UP government to remove director general ( DGP) of police Brij Lal and principal secretary, home, Kunwar Fateh Bahadur Singh from their posts.BSP general secretary Satish Chandra Mishra said that \"Dalits rarely get good postings but Mayawati gave them their due\". \"With two dalit officers in charge of security and law &amp; order, Dalits in UP felt safe. They could have come out to vote in elections without any fear of feudal forces. Unfortunately, the EC decided to replace the two dalit officers on the complaints of casteist forces (Opposition parties) who do not like to see a 'Dalit Ki Beti' (Mayawati) as chief minister,\" he said.The announcement of EC's order to remove the two officers was made by Satish Chandra Mishra and not the Commission officials. In fact, when contacted, Chief Electoral Officer, UP, Umesh Sinha, said that he has not received any official communique from the EC or the government about the removal of the officers. \"At times, the EC communicates its decision directly to the state government,\" he said, while refusing to comment further over the issue.Even Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) S Y Quraishi made no mention of transfers in his press conference in the evening. Quraishi, who was on a two-day visit to Lucknow to review status of preparedness for the elections, only said that he has received complaints from the Opposition parties demanding removal of number of officers which they claimed were bias. But three hours later, at a hurriedly called press meet Mishra informed about EC's decision to transfer of officers.The BSP also came down heavily on the EC for its order to drape chief minister Mayawati's statue and those of elephants in various dalit memorials in view of elections. The EC directed to cover the statutes so that they cannot become a medium to influence voters as elephant is BSP's election symbol and Mayawati is the president of BSP. Mishra said that the decision was taken without giving BSP a chance to present its defence, which was against the provision of natural justice.Mishra also said that \"though EC took a one-sided decision on the complaints of casteist Opposition parties\", BSP hopes that the constitutional body will ensure free and fair elections in the state.BSP national general secretary said that the BSP government will follow the order of the EC to cover the statutes of the chief minister and elephants but people of the state will give a befitting answer to the casteist forces who have shown utter disregard to the dalit icons by raising questions over their memorials.Mishra said that the trunk of the elephants in statutes in the memorials are up, whereas in BSP's election symbol it is down.He said that elephants have been installed in all the temples in India besides the Rashtrapati Bhawan and Parliament among other places. \"Will the EC cover all statutes in Lok Sabha elections? Will EC also ban use of lotus flower, (BJP's election symbol), hand (Congress's symbol) and cycle (SP's election symbol) will during elections,\" he argued.Opposition parties welcomed the decision of the EC but said that it is not complete. \"We had asked for transfer of all the officers in the chief minister's secretariat besides some districts magistrates and district police chief because they can also influence the elections. They are already harassing our candidates,\" said Samajwadi Party spokesperson Ram Gopal Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11407892", "title": "She wants the biggest solitaire...", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ask homemaker Jasreena Juneja of BRS Nagar what she would like to do before the world comes to an end in 2012 and she instantly brings out her list of wishes which range from adorning her hand with the biggest solitaire to buying a BMW sports car for her son, tasting all chocolates and cakes of the different countries of world and meeting Sachin Tendulkar and Dalai Lama.Diamonds are a woman's best friend and the same holds true for this 32-year-old mother of two children Uday Pratap, 6, and Jasria, 8, \"It's no secret that women love jewellery. And I love it too! Though, I love all kinds of jewellery, but my special wish is to have the biggest solitaire in my ring before the world ends. Now that's what I call ending things with a bang!'' says Jasreena. Jasreena, who is extremely passionate about travelling, adds, \"I also wish to go on a world tour with my family so that we can have our due share of enjoyment before the doomsday. I would love to show my children my favourite destinations.'' Moving on to her next wish, the doting mother says, \"Besides having my wishes fulfilled, I want to fulfil all the wishes of my children, Uday and Jasria. My son wants to ride in BMW sports car so I would like to get one for him.My daughter Jasria loves classy designer dresses so I want to buy, as many as I can, designer dresses for her.'' Tasting all chocolates and cakes of different countries is next on the wish list of Jasreena. Also among her many wishes, Jasreena would also like to meet her idols - Sachin Tendulkar and Dalai Lama. \"Sachin has made India proud with his performance in cricket. I admire his dedication towards the sport and the urge to do something for the country.'' She adds, \"I would also like to meet Dalai Lama as his words of wisdom always inspire me.''Last but not the least, doing something for the society is on her list. \"I would like to adopt an aged couple and serve them wholeheartedly.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11407848", "title": "Four cops among 9 held for gambling", "text": "MADURAI: A bunch of policemen got a taste of policing in Madurai when they were nabbed red-handed while gambling.Seven policemen, including two sub-inspectors, were playing cards in a multi-storeyed building in the city outskirts on Friday night along with five others when a special team raided the hotel on a tip-off. The raiding team was shocked when they found it was policemen who were gambling but went ahead and arrested them.However, three constables managed to escape. Police have also seized cash totaling Rs 14,800 from the gamblers.\"Out of the 12 men found gambling at the building, seven were policemen. We have arrested nine people including four policemen,\" Madurai Rural SP Asra Garg said. They were booked under the Gambling Act.The arrested police were identified as S Kothaperumal (57), special sub-inspector, Meenakshi Amman temple police station, Karupiah (53), special sub-inspector, Thilagar Thidal station, traffic constable Balasubramanian (42) and constable Balamurugan (46). Police said the owner of the lodge that was used as a gambling den, Velu (51) of Puthur, James (42) a car driver, Rajendran (38), an auto driver from DRO Colony, Dharmar (50) of Puthur and Veerayya (47) of Sambakulam were the other arrested. The three policemen who fled the spot were constables working in the city commissioner's office, Thilagar Thidal and Thideer Nagar stations.Police said a team led by Othakadai inspector Chinnapandi raided the building housing various offices near Matthuthavani bus stand on the outskirts of the city around midnight. In one of the rooms, the police team found 12 persons playing cards with wads of cash for gambling. As soon as the police entered the room, three of the men there shoved them away and fled the spot. The remaining policemen revealed their identity in an attempt to get away from the raiding team. However, the police team went ahead and arrested them.Though allegations of irregularities among policemen is common, the involvement of policemen in gambling and their arrest has indeed come as a shock to the police fraternity. Police said the arrested policemen were routinely in the practice of gambling in various places across the city as well as the outskirts. A few months back, they were even warned by a senior official not to gamble. A hotel owner who offered space to them were also warned. However, the policemen found it enough to shift their den to the outskirts.This is not the first time policemen were arrested for gambling in Madurai. In July last year, three policemen were held on similar charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406565", "title": "Bangladeshi held for illegal stay", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Bangladeshi national was arrested from Deen Dar Anjuman at Asif Nagar on Saturday by the city police for allegedly staying in the city illegally besides possessing an Indian Passport .Zahidul Islam, came to Kolkata on a Bangladesh passport in 2004. \"Initially, he came to Kolkata and later proceeded to Saharanpur (U.P) and tried to get admission in the Deoband Madarasa. When he failed, he went to Mumbai and joined as Mouzan at Masjid -e-Ettehadul Millath,\" Additional Deputy Commissioner of police S Chaturvedi said.With the intention of residing permanently in India, the accused destroyed his Bangladesh passport and later changed his name to Syed Abu Nasir. The accused, over a period of time, moved to Hyderabad and stayed in Ek Minar masjid and later joined as Mouzan in a newly constructed mosque at Chintalmet, Rajendra Nagar. \"During this time, he obtained Indian Passport, ration card, driving license and other valuable documents using fake identity proof,'' Chaturvedi said.During the investigation police came to know that using the Indian passport he in 2010, the accused went to Saudi Arabia and worked as labourer. Police based on suspicion nabbed him and arrested and handed over to Humayun Nagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407304", "title": "Swedish woman applies for bail", "text": "PANAJI: Swedish national Christina Hardings, who was arrested on January 2 at the Dabolim airport for carrying live ammunition, applied for anticipatory bail on Saturday before the judicial magistrate first class ( JMFC) court at Vasco. Police said that although she applied for bail, no orders have been received by them. The 45-year-old woman, was arrested while she was boarding an Indigo airlines flight bound for Mumbai.Restricted water supplyDue to failure of pumping unit No 4 at the Mapusa reservoir on January 6, there will be restricted water supply to Ektanagar, Housing Board colony, Ghateshwar vaddo, Khorlim, Verla-Canca and parts of Assagao village for the next few days.Firearms to be deposited by Jan 29: The time limit for arms licence holders to deposit their firearms in the concerned police station is January 29 instead of February 29, states a press release issued by the department of information and publicity.'Asturi 2012' expo postponed: Asturi 2012, an exhibition to be organized by the women's wing of Goa Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry (Gat Azad Maidan, Panaji, scheduled to be held from January 19 to 22 has been postponed to April 19 to 22. For details call on 2424252.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11408585", "title": "Pro-Kudankulam campaign adds momentum in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: If the last two months have been punctuated by intense protests against the Kudankulam nuclear power project, the pro-plant camp too has held occasional strikes and fasts in the southern and western districts.But Chennai, which remained largely silent, is now being subjected to a low-key campaign in favour of the project. The campaign, however, islargely aimed at colleges and state-run institutions.The most recent of them was an event held at Anna University on Saturday, inviting the students to debate on the issue of Kudankulam. \"Youngsters need to be aware of the processes and ramifications of nuclear energy and whether it is really as vulnerable as many make it out to be,\" said P K N Panicker, president of Chemical Industries Association, which had organised the debate.The association has been actively campaigning in favour of the project for the past two months and also writing letters to the chief minister, J Jayalalithaa, urging her to facilitate early commissioning of the plant.\"We are also in the process of setting up similar discussions and debates in seven other colleges in the city,\" Panicker said. Some of these events are being chaired by members of the central expert committee as well as representatives of the nuclear fraternity.\"These debates go on to show how much the public needs to know about this issue,\" said W S Aruldoss Kanthiah, a member of the central expert committee and the Department of Atomic Energy, who was acting judge at one such event. \"We have also approached the state government for permission to address the state expert committee as well other state-run platforms.\"Ironically, the nuclear scientists community, who are generally considered to be close-mouthed, are now spotted urging the students and college heads to approach them for guided tours of the facilities at Kalpakkam atomic power station.While Chennai is latest target of a subtle and urbane campaign in favour of the plant, other districts of Tamil Nadu have been bristling with strikes and fasts. In November, various interested groups organised a human chain in Madurai, urging the government to open the plant.On December 20, 2011, over 400 smallscale industries in Erode district observed a one-day strike urging the government to commission the plant. Similarly, large industries too went on a strike in Coimbatore while fasts were observed in Tirunelveli by several groups including Tamil Nadu Congress Committee (TNCC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pau area", "code": "11408037", "title": "Anil's heart and theatre dedicated to farmers' cause", "text": "PAU AREA: For last 16 years, Anil Sharma, 38, has been working tirelessly to create awareness among farmers of the state and the country with his theatrical performances and feels that somewhere, he has been successful in his efforts. Sharma has done MSc (extension education) and has a doctorate degree in vegetable cultivation. He said he was always drawn towards theatre but never found any way for a long time. Then during his educational course in Punjab Agricultural University, he realized the need of theatre for creating awareness among the farmers.He feels there are many social organizations that enact dramas and plays against social evils but there are very rare such organizations which put their efforts in bringing about an awareness for the agrarian society. In the year 1996, he constituted a team of agriculture students and started performing plays in different villages of Punjab. Then came the path breaking year of 2003 when the play for which he had written the script was staged in Nagpur, Maharashtra at an event organised by the ministry of agriculture and department of international development, United Kingdom and their play, \"Soch Samajh ke Keet Nashak\" stood first.He still remembers how once father of the green revolution in India, M S Swaminathan, had given an idea of hope generation teams, in which agricultural scientists and students should make the farmers aware regarding various cultivation processes and insecticides and when that idea was given, he was already practicing the same thing. He said Swaminathan appreciated his efforts. He made a VCD in the form of docu drama and circulated it in buses so that more and more farmers could be made aware of the situation. He was also felicitated with Nehru-fulbright fellowship of US for his contribution to the agrarian society. \"I feel theatre, songs and dramas are the easiest ways to make farmers aware in a better way,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11408324", "title": "Women offer lugdi as protest", "text": "AJMER: Women of the Gujjar community from 51 villages organized a protest in Gegal Akhri village of the district on Saturday and offered lugdi (chunni) to a woman who was dressed as Congress chairperson Sonia Gandhi. This protest will continue for the next two months in different villages. The clothes gathered like this will then be presented to Congress chairperson Sonia Gandhi after Holi.A large number of Gujjars gathered in Gagal Akhri village and shouted slogans against the state government. They were demanding five per cent reservation. \"Once the late PM Indira Gandhi had announced that Gujjrs are her brothers and sisters. Now we are performing our duty by offering lugdi to Sonia Gandhi,\" said Kishan Gujjar, senior leader of the community. \"It is our right to get reservation. Congress had promised us reservation but is not implementing it,\" said Indira Gujjar of Pisangan village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11408552", "title": "Graft war in India reflective of global power shift: Miliband", "text": "CHENNAI: Former British foreign secretary David Miliband on Saturday said a global power shift from organizations to the people was manifested in India with a \"civilian surge\" through the anti-corruption movement. However, with the emergence of people power, issues of instability would also arise, he cautioned. Similarly, the ongoing shift in economic power from West to the East would put China and India in leading positions but this did not necessarily mean the end of the US and Europe as economies.These are among the five major \"gusts of wind buffeting international relations\" at present, he observed speaking to a select gathering on \"Emerging New World Order: Economics and Politics\"at a dinner meeting in a city hotel hosted on his first visit to Chennai, which he described as \"extremely cultured, educated and broadminded\".\"Today international relations is like being in the high seas without a good compass and navigators. (Countries) have to find their way through gusts of wind which are affecting the ships of state,\" the labour party thinker and statesman said.Underpinning everything else, he said, is the economic crisis reflecting the \"seismic shift in economic power from the West to the East\" which is resulting in a rise of global middle class. The kind of shift is such that by 2018, China would emerge as the world's biggest economy and India the third biggest by 2030. Likewise, Bangladeshi, Indonesian, Vietnamese, South Korean and Pakistani economies would emerge strong in Asia.Another major trend, Miliband pointed out, is the rise in non-oil commodity prices as the world moves from a \"resources plenty to scarcity\". Yemen could be the first country to run out of water, he warned.The rise of political Islam in democracies like Turkey, Indonesia and Egypt was putting politicians inspired by the Quran into powerful positions which has \"taken even al-Qaida and Iran by surprise\", he noted adding, that for India this would be an important question as Pakistan was founded as a theological state.To a question he said no weapons of mass destruction were found in Iraq, despite assessments by various intelligence agencies, including German and Russian, and a report by UN weapons inspector Hans Blix.He also said India has an unequal share of leadership in the United Nations and should be given a permanent seat in the Security Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401802", "title": "Jism 2 website crashes!", "text": "Jism 2 is one film who everyone's talking about.However, Porn star and Bigg Boss 5 contestant Sunny Leone's alleged casting in the film in the lead role is not the only reason why the film's being discussed.It was the release of the 'first look poster' of the film which caused the hysteria. The eye grabbing poster has a naked woman lying on her back covered in a thin wet white cloth. The poster is beautifully shot and in no way can be tagged as 'vulgar'.Jism (2003) was path breaking as never before was a woman's raw sensuality captured as aesthetically on camera as it was in Jism in an Indian film. Jism 2 too will push the boundaries it seems. The curiosity about the film thus steams from its very concept of going bold and beautiful with its sensuous lead female character.On Saturday afternoon, Pooja Bhatt revealed, \"Jism 2 website crashes due to heavy traffic! Happy,happy! Joy,joy!\"Dino Morea who is co-producing the film has said that Jism 2 will also revolve around crimes of passion as the prequel did.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407231", "title": "Thalassaemia screening in two govt hospitals", "text": "KOLKATA: A prenatal screening for thalassaemia has been started in two government hospitals in the city, Medical College Hospital and NRS Medical College and Hospital.\"When both parents are thalassaemic, the chance of their baby getting the blood disorder is 25%. And this is quite a high chance. Therefore, if the parents do not want to have a thalassaemic baby, they can go for this detection and choose to medically terminate the pregnancy,\" said Dr Shila Chakrabarti, a molecular biologist attached with the Institute of Haematology and Transfusion Medicine (IHTM) at Medical College.Around 2,500 babies born in West Bengal every year are thalassaemic. According to the Thalassaemia International Federation, a body that monitors the disease across the globe, West Bengal accounts for about one-third of the total number of thalassaemia-affected children in the country.So far, the screening centre at IHTM has screened 54 pregnant women , 70% of whom had a thalassaemic baby earlier. Sixteen of them were found to be carrying a thalassaemia-positive foetus. Most terminated their pregnancy voluntarily in order to avoid have another child affected with the disorder. A young mother who had lost two children to thalassaemia, however, was third time lucky as her foetus was found to be thalassaemia free.Raising a thalassaemic child is a painful experience for the parents and more so for the child, who has to undergo numerous blood transfusions. The survival of the child itself is at stake. In addition, the blood transfusion and iron chelation costs a family about Rs 1.2 lakh every year. Though a bone marrow transplant is another treatment option, the child needs to have a healthy sibling who is not thalassaemic for that.\"Since parents do not want a thalassaemic child, most mothers voluntarily agree to terminate the pregnancy if the prenatal screening detects her baby has thalassaemia. Therefore, if carried out on a larger scale, such screening will help reduce the number of thalassaemia afftected drastically,\" said Dr Prantar Chakrabarty of IHTM.In fact, a strict thalassaemia screening policy in Cyprus (that include prenatal screening and MTP), implemented since 1970, has reduced the number of children with the blood disorder from one out of every 158 births to almost nil.The haematology department of NRSMCH, too, is conducting such screening free of cost.Pregnant woman either from the thalassaemia outdoor clinic or the gyneacology department are referred here. Of late, even private doctors have started referring cases to these screening centers if doctors find the woman and her partner are thalassaemic.According to doctors, if both the spouses are thalassaemia positive, the woman should definitely go for this screening. The ideal time to go for the detection is when the woman is 10 to 12 weeks pregnant. This is because, if the parents decide on MTP in case the baby is found positive, it has to be done within 20 weeks of pregnancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407332", "title": "Joseph Vaz's life captured on film", "text": "PANAJI: Even on his 300th death anniversary, celebrated last year on January 16, there was little that was known about Blessed Joseph Vaz, patron of the archdiocese of Goa.This could change as Agnelo Fernandes, a youth from Consua-Verna, has produced a film based on the life and missionary works of the Bl Joseph Vaz, who is just a step away from sainthood.Titled 'Panvlam', the film starts off with the trip made by Bl Joseph Vaz (Samiro Rodrigues) and his assistant Joao (Eltrich Fernandes) to Mangalore in South Kanara, and thereafter to Jaffna and Kandy in Sri Lanka (then known as Ceylon) and the hardships he encountered during the long journey. The producer has highlighted the missionary life of Bl Joseph Vaz in Sri Lanka and has focused on the challenges encountered by this Goan.Bl Joseph Vaz was a Goan priest who went to Sri Lanka when it was under Dutch occupancy and Catholicism had been almost obliterated from the country. He lived as a mendicant and secretly ministered to the Catholics. He died in that country.Scenes like the miraculous rain, taming of the wild elephant, prosecution of Christians, the house arrests of Bl Vaz, the administering the last sacrament to the dying and burial of the dead are worth watching.A novice in the film industry, Rodrigues, a retired English teacher from Ponda, has done full justice to his character role. Eltrich, as the assistant, has also given his best. Tiatr artistes C D'Silva, Pascoal Rodrigues have also performed well.Cinematography is by Nilesh Keni and narration by Fr Valmiki Gonsalves. The music is composed by Fr Peter Cardozo, while the background score is by Lennoy Gomendes. Silvester Borges, Fr Jean, Merilane, Clarisa, Shanti and Nirmala are the playback singers.\"It was a labourious task finding an artiste who could suit the role of Bl Joseph Vaz, but miraculously I found Samiro Rodrigues. The archbishop patriarch, Filipe Neri Ferrao, has provided a letter of approval for screening the film in parishes and schools,\" said Fernandes, the producer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11406805", "title": "Delhi shivers at 3\u00b0 below normal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A prolonged cover of dense fog that has been threatening to shroud Delhi since January 4 is not likely to set in for another couple of days. The western disturbance that caused massive rain over the capital and neighbouring areas over Friday and Saturday is said to be very intense and is not allowing fog formation.Met officials say there are some chances of dense fog by Sunday or Monday night. By then minimum temperature will fall by 2-3 degrees and maximum should go up slightly.Delhi witnessed another chilly day with a maximum temperature of 17.7 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal, recorded on Saturday. The minimum continued its high streak, settling at 12.5 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal. In 24 hours till 8.30am on Saturday, 7.9mm rainfall had affected the city with several areas having reported a heavy hail storm on Friday night.\"The WD over north Pakistan and adjoining western Himalayan region is quite intense, probably one of the strongest systems that we have seen in the past couple of seasons. It caused cloudiness for almost 48 hours and heavier rain than was earlier anticipated. While humidity levels are 100% and the temperature is expected to drop now, fog seems unlikely since the WD has made the atmosphere very unstable and there are very strong winds prevailing,\" said R K Jenamani, director in charge, IGI Met.\"There are about 50% chances of dense fog on Sunday night, but it depends on how the system will behave. The rain has also washed away all pollution which is also necessary in some part for fog to form,\" he said.Met officials say the major impact of the WD is now over and on Sunday, one can expect the sky to clear a little bit and the day may be sunny in parts. \"With the clouds clearing slightly, the maximum temperature should rise a little. The minimum temperature will however fall by a few degrees,\" said an official.On Saturday, minimum temperatures were 4-6 degrees above normal over many parts of Haryana, Uttar Pradesh , northwest and central Madhya Pradesh. Rain and snow was reported over most places in Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and some parts of Uttarakhand while heavy rain was reported over many areas in Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and west Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11408343", "title": "Policy change in healthcare and medical institutions: Azad", "text": "JAIPUR: Highlighting the shortage of skilled manpower in the Indian healthcare system, Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Saturday said the Centre is now considering to facilitate overseas citizens of India with foreign medical qualifications to both practice and teach in the country.Addressing overseas Indians and people of Indian origin at the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas organised at the Birla Auditorium here, Azad pointed out that the government has undertaken taken policy reforms to encourage capacity building in medical institutions.Azad said these reforms include rationalization of land use for setting up medical institutions, placing FDI in healthcare under automatic approval route, and increasing the faculty student ratio in PG Medical Colleges from 1:2 to 1:1.He pointed out the paradoxical situation in the country, wherein there is a surplus of about five lakh qualified practitioners in the Indian system of medicine and shortage of about seven lakh doctors in the allopathy stream.The Union minister said after recognition of post-graduate medical degrees of five English speaking countries (UK, USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand) for teaching as visiting faculty in India, India is now considering to facilitate overseas citizens of India with foreign medical qualifications to both practice and teach in India. \"Let me assure you that we are prepared to go an extra mile to adequately liberalize policies and set up a single window within the ministry of health and family welfare to ease the process of your meaningful participation,\" Azad said.He said there are three lakh doctors of Indian origin working abroad out of which 40,000 work in the national health system of the United Kingdom alone, forming the core of its service delivery. \"Indian medical professionals are an integral part of the healthcare delivery system the world over and have won laurels for their competence in various countries including the United States , the UK, Canada and Australia and Gulf countries,\" the minister said.Azad also gave a brief account of the shortage of medical colleges in India. \"To facilitate establishment of more medical colleges, both by the government and the private sector, requirements of land and ancillary infrastructure were drastically rationalized, student teacher ratio for PG students has been increased as a result of which 46 new medical colleges, 8,577 MBBS seats and 8,181 PG seats have been added in just two years time,\" he said.Besides, the heath minister said the government does not have any fund crisis for medical services. \"Riding on the recent successes, India enters the year 2012 with a great hope. The 12th Five Year Plan being launched in 2012 brings health to the centre stage and our commitment is to increase expenditure on healthcare to 2.5 % of our Gross Domestic Product from the current level of 1%. We are moving towards universal healthcare for the nation and ensuring that no individual fails to secure adequate medical care because of inability to pay for it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408066", "title": "\u2018Films are sometimes for social awareness, too\u2019", "text": "His documentaries have got Jharkhand recognized globally for their simple narratives and focus on social issues. Many of his documentaries have got national and international awards. Meghnath, whose films Iron is Hot and Ek Ropa Dhan recently won the Rajat Kamal Award, speaks to Kelly KislayaQ. So many awards for your films and so many appreciations, how does it feel? A: More than awards appreciation, the people's response makes me happy. I was at the Bangalore film festival where my movie, Gari Lohardaga Mail, was screened. In the question-answer-round, a lady said, \"My daughter sleeps with a picture of this movie under her pillow in the hope that she can travel in that train in her dreams\". This meant much more to me than awards. But awards give me recognition at the national and international level.Q. In a country where film means entertainment, you make documentaries... A: My guru, Satish Bahadur, used to say, \"A film is not just about songs and dance but a medium that can be used for social interest and awareness\".Q. Has your childhood influenced you? A: I am a Bengali from Mumbai. My father is a businessman. Our house was in the Bombay Talkies, which is a big film city. I grew up watching films being shot. This is perhaps the influence. However, I never consciously thought I would become a film-maker. I thought I would become a businessman like my father.Q. Then how come you ended up working for social interest? A. I went to Kolkata for my higher studies. I was a student of commerce at St Xavier's College in 1971. A teacher at my college, Fr Becker, introduced me to social work and I started working at a refugee camp. After finishing my college in 1977, I opted for working for rural development and started visiting villages and help villagers.Q. When and how did you come to Jharkhand and decide to settle here? A: I came to Palamu in 1981 for rural development work. I used to fight for the rights of people on \"Jal, jungle and zameen\" (water, forest and land). That was the time the Jharkhand movement was at its peak and I became an active participant in the movement. I Joined the All Jharkhand Students' Union (AJSU) and was one of the co-founders of the Jharkhand Samnvay Samiti. I wanted to work for the people and thought politics was the best tool I could use in favour of the people.Q. Then how come you switched to movie direction from politics? A. My friends said I was good in photography and direction and I should try my luck in Bollywood. By the time I had also realized that politics was not my cup of tea and I should work for the people through social activism and not politics. By 1988, I made some friends who made socially-relevant cinema. They encouraged me to join them and so I joined the Film and Television Institute in Pune. I then came back to Ranchi in the mid 90s and started making films highlighting the problems of people.Q. Did you face any problems initially as a film-maker? A. The biggest problem was lack of funds. When I started making films, the cost of cameras was too high.Q. Did the state government support you in any way? A. I got two awards from state government. In one I got a memento and in the other I got a sum of Rs 10,000. The reason could be the state government doesn't realize how cinema can be a medium of education and change. If I made commercially viable films, maybe they would have supported me.Q. Your films have been an inspiration for many and yet they have not been shown on Doordarshan. Why? A. Our film, Iron is Hot, got so many awards but when we approached Doordarshan for screening, they rejected it saying it was a sub-standard film. It hurts when the film we make doesn't reach the people.Q. What are your upcoming projects? A. I am planning to make a film on mangoes and the name of the film will be called, Aam Nahi Khas. Jharkhand is not just rich in minerals but also has a great scope for horticulture. My film will revolve around the mango orchards spread over thousands of acres in Gumla and Lohardaga and will promote horticulture in the state. Apart from this I am currently working on two films called Jor Bajao Dhool and Adi-Dharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11410801", "title": "\u2018We are all nomads in a way\u2019", "text": "A Mumbai gallerist and Noida photographer make their way into the just-out second issue of pan-Asiatic photography magazine PunctumWhen Matthieu Foss tells you it all started when Lola Mac Dougall popped the question, he isn't talking about romance. When the Frenchman met Mac Dougall, literary editor of the pan-Asiatic photography magazine, Punctum at an Art Summit in Delhi last January, she suggested that Matthieu, who runs an art establishment in Mumbai dedicated to photography, turn into India's 'ambassador' for the bi-annual publication's second issue. Foss would curate the India section, and pick a photographer who'd be offered the chance to submit a photo essay that would find place among 13 others.The story of Asia told in soft light and sharp focus, Punctum is the point where pictures blend into stories. \"It's a magazine about Asia... that uses photography to portray contemporary life across the continent, as understood by those who live there,\" say the founders. The photo essay from China about its ageing population sees the author say: \"After the day of birth, each one of us walks to the end. Life goes on, a cycle. But the process of getting to the end is so difficult; it forces us to struggle, sweat, and stick it out.\"Foss says Hemant Sareen, whose essay, Suburbia Indica: A House is not a Home finds a few delightful glossy pages in Punctum, says the Noida photographer had been submitting his work to the Matthieu Foss Gallery, and promising reviews about him from Delhi-based graphic novelist Sarnath Banerjee helped the curator make up his mind. \"Punctum is art, photography and documentary aesthetically rolled into one great visual and sensory project. Hemant's work is about living in a space yet being detached and feeling a sense of impermanence. Of living and leaving, as it were. We are all nomads in a way.\"Around the same time, the disturbing news about two Noida sisters who had locked themselves in a flat for six months, one slipping into a coma, and the other barely alive, had hit newspapers. \"It all tied in with Hemant's theme of belonging and alienation,\" explains Foss.Sareen was three when his father passed away. But in that brief time, an inheritance had changed hands. \"My father was rarely seen without a camera. Our home was full of albums. He had photographed the family several times over; even the neighbours weren't spared. Mine was an instinctive move into photography; it was a strong urge to update the family record.\"The photographer found a mentor in Richard Kaplowitz, a commercial photographer from New York who taught him to believe in his vision and offered Sareen plenty of film to shoot. \"I had approached M at t h i e u's gallery with my images and an explanatory note. He called me to say he would consider the work for Punctum since it told a relevant tale of our times and suburban alienation.\"Sareen admits he didn't really mull over the choice of theme, and the cats that find prominent place in this work, are understudies for humans. \"They take up the story of the difficult relationship we share with our environment, our home and neighbourhood, a space to find contentment and nourishment to reach our full potential. Each time that fails to happen, our relationship with our environ sours. The anxiety that stray cats live with in the presence of dogs, reflects our own predicament of being trapped in our comfort zone.\"Sareen, who moved to Noida, a suburb that stands 20 km south east of Delhi, in the 1990s on 'part whim, part rationale, presents vignettes of everyday life that are so mundane, they would easily be overlooked.He was once photographing a gloomy neighbourhood park when a group of women who were on a regular walk, went past him, and returned to question him about why he was photographing in the dark. \"Later, I was attacked by a pack of stray dogs just as I had finished photographing a parked car with its cover on; a sight that had haunted me and one which I had clicked numerous times till the attack.\" It was a dog pack Sareen says he was fond of but had shooed away during a late night brawl between them and the neighbourhood's cats.Sareen, who tackles words as easily as he takes pictures, doesn't have a favourite. \"Words and pictures aren't adversarial. Each has its own function, and can stand alone. But it takes skill to blend the two, not necessarily to tell more, but something else.\"purba.dutt@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11408466", "title": "A hillock alive with the sound of music", "text": "DHARWAD: Nestled in the midst of lush green farms 16 km off Dharwad on a hillock is a residential school, Kalkeri Sangeet Vidyalaya (KSV). Away from the hustle and bustle of the city life, Kalkeri is a quiet serene place. Spread across three acres of land, the school consists of simple traditional cottages made from locally available eco-friendly material. When you visit the school premises in the morning you will hear music emanating from the small cottages.While some children will be singing, some playing sitar and others will be either on tabla or bansuri or harmonium. The students are in the 6-20 years age group and nearly half of them are girls. Soon after finishing music classes students will have their breakfast and get ready for regular academic education. While students from Class I to X attend the classes in the school premises, those studying PUC will leave for Dharwad to attend college. The full-fledged school is based on the Karnataka syllabus in Kannada medium. After the school hours they will gather to play till it is dark and after that they attend computer classes/ painting classes and get back to studies. There are nearly 200 students studying in this school.It is noteable that all these children are from socially marginalized and economically disadvantaged backgrounds. The KSV does not charge any fee from any student and provides food, shelter, clothing, healthcare, education both in academics and Hindustani classical music, free of cost. More than a school, KSV is a living and working ideal, where the students can blossom and realize their full potential. In 2011, Kalkeri Sangeet Vidyalaya had 100% success in the tenth standard examinations. The KSV was started in 2002 by French-Canadians Mathieu, Blaise and Agathe Fortier. Visiting India as students of music Mathieu and Agathe came to Dharwad in 2001.Attracted by the serene atmosphere of the city they decided to teach music to underprivileged children and with the help of Sitar artiste Ustad Hameed Khan, the Fortiers established the Kalkeri Sangeet Vidyalaya Trust in June 2002. Around the same time, they also set up the Young Musicians of the World Trust that started an evening music school in Quebec. Largely dependent on overseas money, the KSV is now trying to be financially independent. \"Once Kalkeri Sangeet Vidyalaya is on its own, young musicians of the world can fund similar projects in other parts of the world,\" said Adam Woodward, director of KSV. \"The KSV gives these youngsters the tools for their empowerment. The training and education enable them to realize their potential and achieve a better life,\" Woodward said. Renowned musicians from the region visit the school regularly and teach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11408093", "title": "Lokpal bill issue dominates BJP state executive meeting", "text": "RANCHI: Issue of Lokpal bill and the politics that followed thereafter dominated the executive committee meeting of the state BJP here on Saturday.The two-day meet aimed at drawing a charter for 2012 was presided over by state president Dineshanand Goswami and inaugurated jointly by chief minister Arjun Munda, former Union Minister Yashwant Sinha and BJP state in-charge Harendra Pratap.Goswami in his presidential address said the BJP wanted a strong Lokpal bill whereas the Congress was compelled to bring a toothless legislation for Lokpal. \"The UPA government deliberately avoided a voting in the Upper House fearing defeat not just by a unified opposition but also because of its own allies who refused to support the frail bill,\" he said.Asking the workers to stick to a business calendar in 2012, Goswami said the district executive and mandallevel executive committee must meet once in two months and the office bearers must take up tour of the rural areas frequently.Hailing the work of the 15- month-old Arjun Munda government in Jharkhand, Goswami said the state was suffering huge loss because of \"step-motherly treatment\" of the Union government. \"If 2010 is remembered for corruption at the central level, 2011 would be remembered for exposure of a number of cases because of political pressure mounted by the BJP,\" he said.Backing his claims, Sinha said the 44-day Jan Chetana Yatra of Lal Krishna Advani against corruption and black money yielded good result as the people of the nation were encouraged to participate in the Hazare crusade against corruption. \"The Lokpal bill was an important issue and the dubious character of the Congress was exposed in the Upper House when it deliberately avoided a vote,\" Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11407948", "title": "Former IG's servant tries to steal car, arrested", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A servant of a former inspector general (IG) of the Chandigarh police, Gurcharan Singh Sandhu, tried to steal a high-end carfrom his house but failed when the vehicle hit the main gate of the house in Sector 18 on Friday night.Police have arrested the servant, Mahesh Chand Joshi, on the complaint of the former IG's son Partap Singh Sandhu.Janak Rana, SHO of the police station in Sector 19, said the accused used to live in the house of his employer and had stolen the car keys from one of the rooms in the house.Police sources said Partap Singh woke up and caught the servant on hearing the car crash into the main gate, damaging it. The incident took place around 11pm when almost all the family members had slept off.A case was registered at the Sector 19 police station in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11408968", "title": "Red tap delays inauguration of pet carnival", "text": "COIMBATORE: Babus played spoilsport at the fifth Pet Carnival that began in the city on Saturday. The event, scheduled for a 10am start, could begin only at 5pm after officials at airports and checkposts waved the archaic rule book at animal owners to disrupt or delay their journey to the carnival venue.\"We had to bring the animals from Andhra Pradesh. We could not get them on flight. So we had to come by road. The officials at the airport did not give any specific reason why they were refused entry,\" said a frustrated organizer, who didn't want to be named.Many dogs, cats and birds that were brought to the venue at Saibaba Colony in the morning got bored as they waited out the day in the sun. Children played pranks with them which further irritated them. Many of the foreign breed couldn't bear even the winter sun and fell asleep. \"The imported ones may find it difficult to bear the heat,\" said Vishnu Sidharthan of CVS Kennels of Periyanaickenpalayam, Coimbatore. His cocker spaniel and tibetan terrier took a nap as the inauguration of the event got delayed. A Persian cat from Egypt watched the proceedings, biting its tongue.The organisers complained that the procedures to transport animals were complicated. One of them said they hard tried to bring animals from Andhra Pradesh and other parts of the states. \"If anyone brings a dog or a cat or any animal on his car that is not a problem and you don't need any certificate. But, if you bring them on a commercial vehicle you need a set of certificates. The first is a veterinary doctor's certificate. Then you need the corporation's certificate and a clearance certificate from the SP. We had all them, but were stopped at the Kerala border for hours. This is because Kerala does not have a NOC (No Objection Certificate) procedure for animals. Many of the owners were tired of the procedures and turned back at the checkpost,\" said R Deepak, president of Coimbatore Pet Shops and Pet Lovers Association.He added that flights refused to transport animals making travel complicated. \"Some flights do not allow animals to be transported. They say that altitude is a problem for animals. But the real reason is that there have been instances when the animals had died and the owners demanded huge compensation,\" said Deepak. He said the show started by Saturday evening and all will be fine on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11407019", "title": "Prevailing weather adversely affecting potato crop", "text": "KANPUR: The prevailing weather is adversely affecting the potato crop. A scientist of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology said that if the present weather condition persists for the next 3-4 days, there are a chance of rapid spread of late blight disease.SK Biswas, associate professor, department of plant pathology, CSA University, said, \"Diseases and pests are the major constraints in production of crops. As compared to insect and pest management, disease management requires more judicious approach. Once a disease appears, it could only be checked not cured. Therefore, disease forecasting is essential for a crop.\"\"Among diseases, late blight and early blight are the major ones affecting potato crop. The symptoms of late blight appear at first as circular or irregular water soaked spots. It usually starts at the tips or edges of the lower leaves. In moist weather, the spots enlarge rapidly and form brown, blighted areas with indefinite borders. Lesions enlarge rapidly and turn brown or purplish black. The lesions are not limited by veins and coalesce as new infections occur, blighting and killing the entire leaf within a few days\", said Biswas while speaking about the disease potato crops catch in the existing weather conditions.He said that lesions may occur on stems, making detection difficult because leaves still appear green and healthy. Infected stems turn black with rot but are not as spongy as stems infected with blackleg or soft rot bacteria. During periods of high relative humidity and leaf wetness, lesions may be bordered or totally covered by cotton like white growth under the leaf or on the stems.Under continuously wet conditions, the fungus progresses rapidly and rots the leaves and stems. High temperature and dry conditions may temporarily stop. As conditions become moist and cool, the fungus resumes growth and disease development continues.The production and productivity of potato in Uttar Pradesh is impressive. However, in the background of increasing population, the demand of potato is more. Diseases and pests are the major constraints in production of crops. He said that potato farmers should give the spray to protect the crop and get higher yield. The recommended fungicides are dithane M 45 or DZ 78 @ 2 kg in 1000 litres of water per hectare at 10-12 days interval.Potato is an important vegetable crop in India. In 1949, India produced 1.54 million tones of potato from 0.234 million hectare with an average yield 6.58 t/ha. During 2004, we have produced 250 lakh tonnes of potato on 14 lakh hectares of land with an average yield of 17.86 t/ha as per FAO figures. Uttar Pradesh is the largest producer of potato, with the production of 77 lakh tonnes on 4.40 lakh hectares of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11406173", "title": "Flesh trade racket busted with 4 arrests", "text": "VARANASI: In a major haul, the Ghazipur police succeeded in busting a racket involved in forcing girls into flesh trade. The police arrested four persons, including three women, and rescued a 17-year-old girl from their clutches on Friday night.According to police, acting on a tip-off, a team of Gahmar and Jamania police raided a place near Ghazipur railway station in the night. During the raid, the police arrested three women identified as Munni and Maya of Baburi in Chandauli district and Nazo of Sonia and rescued a teenage girl from their clutches.During police interrogation it came to light that those women had finalised a deal with Akhilesh of Azamgarh district to handover the girl to him against the payment of Rs 50,000. Police also arrested Akhilesh. The arrested women confessed to having sold two other girls in the past. This racket is linked with Delhi-based flesh traders. Police also recovered four mobile phones, an album containing photographs of many girls, a telephone diary and cash from their possession.Ganja seized: The Sonbhadra police on Saturday caught a vehicle carrying 75 kg of ganja. It was caught in Asandih area under Babhani police station. The police arrested three persons in this connection. The consignment of ganja was being taken to Agra from Chhattisgarh. The cost of the recovered ganja was estimated to be over Rs 7.5 lakh.Cleaner killed: Rakesh Nagar (22), a native of Jaunpur and the cleaner of a truck, was killed while one other suffered serious injuries when two trucks collided due to thick fog at Pindra Bazaar in Phoolpur on Friday night.According to reports, a sand-laden truck was heading towards Jaunpur from Varanasi. When the truck was passing through Pindra Bazaar, a truck dashed it from the opposite direction. The cleaners of both trucks suffered serious injuries in the mishap. They were rushed to a local hospital where Rakesh was declared brought dead. On noticing sharp deterioration in the health condition of the other cleaner Kallu Yadav, the doctors referred him to another hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406880", "title": "Mumbai for kidscooperageGames children play: Riding on a new wave", "text": "MUMBAI: Bright and early on their weekend off from school, a group of young boys arrives at Chowpatty for a kayaking expedition. Twelve-year-old Yash Patwari and his classmates at Aditya Birla School are, in fact, ready to take their passion to the next level at a national competition this month.Scores of young boys and girls with a yen for outdoor games sign up for cricket lessons at gymkhanas and sporting clubs. A fewer number enter sports like football and hockey, even karate or mallakhamb. But a minuscule number are beginning to see the merits of new age activities now available in Mumbai for a price.A joint effort by Rae Sports and H2O is giving children the chance to explore water sports along a vastly underutilised coastline. \"We have weekend sessions for windsurfing, kayaking and stand-up paddle surfing to initiate children to lose their fear of water and simply have fun. Some train for international competitions,'' says Rajiv Bhatia of Rae Sport, whose own holidays abroad prompted him to install the first facility of its kind in the country.The mother of a nine-year-old participant says her son is enjoying windsurfing to the hilt. \"It is a rare experience to start your day by going into the sea, feeling one with Nature as the breeze hits your face,'' she says, adding, \"Of course my child also learns the basics of a new sport.''The concrete jungle Mumbai has become forces parents to look for outdoor activities involving Nature. Some spur their kids towards horse-riding. Last weekend, the Mahalaxmi Race Course came alive as participants of the Amateur Riders Club showed off their skills at horse jumping, show jumping, tent pegging, cross-country and six-bar jumping among other equestrian activities.Meanwhile, scores of sharpshooters have passed the portals of the Swatantryaveer Savarkar Rifle Shooting Range at Shivaji Park. New entrants are as young as 12, and this year 13 students won gold at the national level. \"Shooting radiates excellence in all fields as it inculcates concentration and self-control at a young age. In fact, part of the training involves working out at the gymnasium as well as practising yoga,'' says trainer Vishwajeet Shinde.While cricket draws eyeballs, participation and sponsorship, a dedicated bunch of youngsters is fighting the odds to keep the national game of hockey alive. Impoverished children of watchmen, liftmen and carpenters travel 50-odd kms every day to the Bombay Hockey Association ground at Churchgate where they train under the keen eye of Marzban Patel or Bawaji, as he is nicknamed. \"Not only do we not charge a single paisa, we also offer help with nutritional supplements and educational facilities,'' Bawaji says. \"In fact, I often pick up the kids from their suburban homes and drop them back after practice.''Cricket remains, of course, the collective madness of the nation. Tennis ace Rohan Bopanna says, \"It is easier for parents to let kids pursue cricket as they see a future in it,'' adding, \"This is slowly though, with the success of athletes from other disciplines.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11408179", "title": "Pravasi Indians take on the questions by youth", "text": "JAIPUR: Students of Jaipur made most of the opportunity thrown up by the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas 2012 to know the success secrets of global Indian achievers during the question and answer session at the 'Global Indian-Inclusive Growth' session held at Maharana Pratap Auditorium on Saturday. The distinguished panelists were Renu Khator, president and chancellor of Houston University in Texas, US, Lord Karan Bilimoria, a successful entrepreneur based in UK, Lakshmi Pratury , founder and CEO of Ixoraa Media (US) and Dr Anita Singh, a post-doctoral fellow at the Munk School of Global Affairs, Toronto University.Students asked questions on various subjects to know the panelists' views on racial discrimination, business decisions during recession period and bottlenecks in the way of India's development.The first question came from a Rajasthan University student Nirmal Kumar, who asked about the difference between Bharat and India? He drew the attention of delegates and panelists to the night shelters which are running without any medical aid and proper bedding whereas state government has spent crores on this event.Bilimoria candidly replied strong will and leadership could remove problems like poverty and illiteracy from the country. \"The success stories of Bihar and Himachal Pradesh are phenomenal in terms of growth and literacy, respectively. This achievement is due to efforts by leadership,\" Bilimoria added.Both Khator and Bilimoria on taking prudent business decisions during bad times said right principles, ethics, values and attitude always help in taking the right decisions. On the issue of racial discrimination, Bilimoria expressed his grief over the killing of Indian student Anuj Badve from Pune on Boxing Day in England. \"I have seen harmony between Indian and non-Indian students studying in many US universities,\" Pratury said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407085", "title": "19-yr-old criminal found murdered in Hadapsar", "text": "PUNE: A criminal in police record was found dead in an open space near the Noble hospital in Hadapsar on Saturday morning.According to the Hadapsar police, Gopal Namdeo Bhalerao (19), a resident of Mavlinagar in Magarpatta, had six cases, including five body offences and a robbery case registered against him with the Dombivli (East) police station between 2001 and 2011.Senior inspector Pandharinath Mandhare said Bhalerao shifted to Pune after he was externed for two years in 2011. He lived in Mavlinagar with his wife and had picked up a job of housekeeping at a private hospital in Hadapsar.Investigations have revealed that on Friday, a person known to Bhalerao met him at the hospital gate and invited him to join a party, the reason being the person had received his salary. Bhalerao accepted the invitation and told his wife, Asha (19), who was with him at the time, to go home. He said he'd follow her in a while.When Bhalerao did not reach home till late night, Asha made several attempts to contact him on his cellphone, but in vain.Mandhare said Bhalerao's body, with injuries on his head and back, was found at an open plot near Noble hospital on Saturday morning. A liquor bottle, an earphone, and a cement block were found at the crime scene.The victim's wife has named three suspects responsible for her husband's murder in her complaint registered with the Hadapsar police station under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code. No arrests have been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408453", "title": "Hospital hikes shelter rates", "text": "NEW DELHI: All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) has increased the rentals at Raj Garia Dharmshala - a shelter run by it for needy patients and their attendants - by up to 300%.A bed at the shelter will now cost Rs 20 per day, up from Rs 7. A small room with a single bed will cost Rs 100 against Rs 35 earlier, and a double room will cost Rs 150 instead of Rs75.Patients and attendants at the dharmshala said the new rates would burden them financially . Vinod Mandal, a labourer from Bihar whose son has blood cancer , said he had to shift to a dormitory because of the high rent. \"My son is undergoing treatment and needs an infection-free environment. I could afford to pay Rs 35 for a single room, but not Rs 100. So, I have decided to stay in this dormitory with more than 50 people,\" he said.\"Some social workers give us coupons for lunch and dinner. The money saved thus helps us pay the rent,\" said a patient. Outstation patients undergoing treatment for diseases like cancer, who have to undergo chemotherapy, said they stay at the hospital for weeks because they cannot afford to repeatedly go back home and return.AIIMS spokesperson Dr YK Gupta said the rate for single beds was increased for uniformity with rentals charged at two other dharmshalas maintained by them.\"We have three guesthouses for attendants that are also used by needy patients who have to stay back for treatment. The others charged Rs 20 per day. The charges for a room with a single bed have been increased to Rs 100, but now three people are allowed to stay,\" said Gupta. He added that patients having Below Poverty Line (BPL) certificates will be allowed to stay for free. \"In case someone without a BPL card pleads inability to pay, we waive the rental,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11407891", "title": "Bomb hurled at CPM leader's house", "text": "MADURAI: Unidentified miscreants hurled a petrol bomb on the house of the district secretary of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) in Tuticorin.Vijaya (45), wife of CPM district secretary K Kanakaraj, suffered injuries as glass pieces from a broken window hit her in the attack. Police said they have registered a case but are yet to make any arrests. CPM has alleged that the hurling of petrol bomb was the handiwork of a group of DMK advocates who clashed with Left party workers on Friday.The attack comes in the wake of the clash over a land dispute. Police said S Selvam (56), a lawyer from Pudukottai, had a land dispute with a woman from the locality. A case has been registered against the advocate in Pudukottai and investigation is on. However, advocates in Tuticorin condemned the registration of police case and were staging protests. CPM cadres intervened in the issue and distributed pamphlets accusing Selvam of irregularities and justifying police action. The pamphlets also charged Selvam of destroying lands and properties of farmers and explained the reasons behind the police action.The advocates at the district court in Tuticorin picked up a quarrel with the CPM workers and allegedly assaulted them. Three of the CPM cadres sustained injury while one of the advocates too claimed that he was injured and got admitted in the hospital.The CPM cadres intensified the protest against Selvam and staged a demonstration in front of the south police station demanding arrest of the advocate. In retaliation, lawyers too staged a protest demanding the arrest of Kanagaraj. However, police dispersed both the protesting groups, after registering cases on both protesting groups.In this backdrop, a group of motorcycle-bound miscreants pelted a petrol bomb on Kanakaraj's house at Bryant Nagar. The miscreants managed to flee the spot immediately after hurling the bomb. Kanakaraj was not in the house at that time, but his wife suffered injuries. The state unit of the CPM has condemned the attack on its party cadre and has sought police protection for CPM functionaries in Tuticorin besides action against the accused.CPM has decided to hold state wide protests condemning the attack. The lawyers too have announced that they were boycotting courts till January 10, demanding the arrest of Kanakaraj. A police official said they were taking efforts to diffuse tension before the incident snowballs into a bigger clash between CPM cadres and advocates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "vijayawada ", "code": "11414601", "title": "Popular Telugu actor Balakrishna joins politics", "text": "VIJAYAWADA : In a shot in the arm for TDP, popular actor and party founder N T Rama Rao's son N Balakrishna today announced his decision to join politics.In a shot in the arm for TDP, popular actor and party founder N T Rama Rao's son N Balakrishna today announced his decision to join politics.Balakrishna, whose daughter is married to party president Chandrababu Naidu's son, said he would contest the next assembly elections in 2014.He told reporters during a two-day tour of his native Krishna district in coastal Andhra that he would abide by the TDP's decision on where he should contest from.Balakrishna, who has acted in several Telugu blockbusters in a career spanning three decades, had campaigned for the TDP when his father was at the helm, and even after Naidu took over the reins.His latest film 'Srirama Rajyam', a mythological film based on Ramayana, was a big hit. N T Rama Rao was hugely popular for his mythological role of Rama, Krishna among others.Balakrishna's elder brother N Harikrishna is presently a TDP member in the Rajya Sabha.After unveiling a statue of his late father at Ghantasala in Krishna district, he said he chose to enter politics to serve the poor and downtrodden as per the ideals of his father.The Congress government in Andhra Pradesh has failed to implement effective measures for people's welfare, he charged.The advent of Balakrishna is likely to help the TDP in the upcoming local body polls and bypolls to a large number of assembly seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10452497", "title": "Women are sexually attracted to each other", "text": "A new study suggests that more than half of the women population are attracted to other women.According to a latest research, it claims that it is perfectly normal that most women are naturally bi-curious when it comes to sex, and it becomes more pronounced the older they get.Boise State University found that in a group of 484 heterosexual women, 60 per cent were sexually attracted to other women; 45 per cent had kissed a woman, and 50 pe rcent had fantasies about the same sex.A professor of psychology at Boise State University, Elizabeth Morgan, found that straight women often feel more than a friendly affection for other women.Other data suggests upwards of 20 percent of women are attracted to other women. It's claimed this could be linked to the way women socialise from chatting on the phone for hours to snuggling during chick flicks.It is said that often women's friendships are barely distinguishable from romantic relationships.\"Women are encouraged to be emotionally close to each other,\" the Daily Mail quoted the professor as saying.\"That provides an opportunity for intimacy and romantic feelings to develop,\" she added.Another psychologist, Lisa Diamond said that the older they got, the more likely they were to choose 'unlabeled', which meant that they felt their sexuality didn't fit into tidy boxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11407546", "title": "More buses coming but no new routes", "text": "CHENNAI: Metropolitan Transport Corporation is planning to incorporate the 200 new buses expected by the end of the financial year into existing routes. No new routes will be introduced nor will existing ones be extended. MTC has 724 routes covering 410km of the 6,000km of city roads.\"Most additions will just strengthen existing routes,\" said a senior MTC official. \"Our coverage within the city is quite extensive. Increasing frequency on over-crowded routes will be the focus,\" said the official. \"Most routes already take over 90 minutes so we cannot extend them further,\" he added.With the corporation being increased from 174 sq km to 426 sq km and the fares being revised, officials say that demand from commuters has increased. \"Those on the outskirts of the city like Padapai, Red Hills, Avadi and villages of the East Coast Road are asking for connectivity on interior roads. This will be difficult to deliver,\" said a senior official. For example, residents of AGS Colony, NGO Colony and Brindavan Colony are requesting direct buses to CMBT. \"They are all few kilometres away from each other. How can we give different routes for each of these places?\" said the official.Those in Mogappair East are not convinced. \"We have to spend at least Rs 30 to go Mogappair West to take a bus towards the city. The frequency in our areas is pathetic. MTC has to improve services,\" said commuter V Ramani.MTC has also been getting requests from the IT sector for better buses. \"Many employees who work on the Old Mahabalipuram Road have approached us for better connectivity,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11407900", "title": "A season to Sizzle", "text": "The chill in the air gave a heartwarming opportunity to members of Geetanjali Ladies Club to warm themselves by dancing; having hot vegetable soup, peanuts, 'rewadi' and 'gajak' at the club in Kitchlu Nagar on Saturday.Be it bhangra, giddha or Bollywood numbers, the women gave electric performances. They also played tambola but the highlight was 'Mast Punjaban' and 'Best Phulkari' competition. Monika Malhotra, president, said, \"The response to the event was amazing.'' Nidhi Tuli of Kitchlu Nagar, who won the 'Mast Punjaban' title said, \"Besides winning the title, I enjoyed spending time with friends.'' While Bharti Sachdeva of Rishi Nagar felt it was a great experience, Neeru Singhla, club secretary, said, \"When they played my song, I couldn't wait to jump on the dance floor.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11406137", "title": "FMS alumni recall their 'golden days'", "text": "VARANASI: Over 30 alumni of Faculty of Management Studies (FMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU), came together at a meet organised under the aegis of BHU Management Alumni Association (BHUMAA) on Saturday.The old students belonged to the Bachelor in Business Management (BBM) 1972 batch, and it was their reunion at their institute after 40 years. Atul Parvatiyar, director, ICRM, USA/Malaysia, who was a student in 1972 batch, said, \"The meet has made me nostalgic, giving me the feeling of home coming. I can proudly say that I have remained an integral part of FMS even after passing out from here long ago.\"The former students recalled their old days and the life at hostel. Locals like U S Agrawal and Rajendra Goyal (owners of motorbike and car showrooms respectively in the city) discussed were happy to recall their 'golden days at the institute'. Another interesting part of the reunion was the fact that the former students had gathered with their families.Welcoming the alumni, S K Singh, dean and head, FMS-BHU, threw light on some recent developments like the enhancement of the institute's ranking by reputed magazines. It may be mentioned here that the FMS has been placed among the top ten B-schools in northern India. Professor Deepak Barman of the institute gave a brief introduction about the meet and activities of BHUMAA. He also detailed about various activities of different regional chapters of BHUMAA during the last one year.Coordinator of the meet, H P Mathur said that such platforms help in associating the alumni with the developmental activities of the institute. During the meet, six members of BHUMAA were honoured with 'Distinguished Alumni Awards 2012'. Later, five presentations (models and plans) marked the conclusion of the two-day Social Business Plan Competition (UTTHAN 2012) and the national workshop on 'Social Business Lab @ B Schools' on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11407048", "title": "Bawanthadi dam gorge filling starts amid PAPs' opposition", "text": "BHANDARA: The dream of gorge filling work on Bawanthadi inter-state irrigation project dam finally got off on schedule on Friday even as the project-affected people (PAPs) tried to oppose the move but the police foiled their attempts. 59 PAPs were arrested as a preventive measure and sent to jail.Police forces from Nagpur, Bhandara and Wardha districts jointly provided security cover to the district administration and irrigation department of Madhya Pradesh which is the implementing agency of gorge filling work. Nearly 300 PAPs consisting of men, women and children assembled at the site and started opposing the government move. Following this, district rehabilitation officer Jitendra Patil , sub-divisional officer Vinod Harkande, tehsildar Chandrabhan Khandait, additional SP Vasant Jadhao and deputy SP Prashant Khaire met the agitating PAPs and tried to convince them. But as they did not relent, the police officers asked them to leave the site as section 144 of criminal procedure was promulgated. When the cops warned that those violating law will be taken into custody, most of the PAPs fled. Those who remained at the site were taken into custody.Offences were registered against 47 men and 12 women from village Pusada in Nagpur district and 27 men from Kamkasur and Susurdoha in Bhandara district and were arrested. They were sent to Bhandara Jail. The arrested PAPs refused to take bail so they were sent to Bhandara district jail. As per provisions of law, detainees will have to give a personal bond of Rs 1500, a guarantor and written assurance from member of panchayat samiti and zilla parishad. A majority of the agitating PAPs were from Nagpur district.Now the gorge filling work has begun round-the-clock. District administration and police force are aware of the woes of PAPs, but completion of gorge filling is urgent for the economic development of the command area of the district. As per revenue authorities, the dam is 70% filled with water and the affected villages in submergence area will face hard days. But that will take more than year. Till then, the rehabilitation work will be completed.The 35 years old dream could come true mainly due to bold steps taken by district collector Pradeep Kalbhor and superintendent of police Arati Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406950", "title": "Property expo kicks off", "text": "HYDERABAD: The two-day 'Credai Mirch Property Expo' being held at N-Convention, Madhapur, started on a high note on Saturday with dozens of prospective buyers walking into the venue to take a look at the many homes that were on display.According to participants, most of the 40 stalls put up by some of Hyderabad's leading real estate firms, saw impressive footfalls with many of them even sealing deals at the spot. Developers participating in the event, being jointly organised by Radio Mirchi and the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI-Hyderabad) included, Asoka Builders, Saket Engineers (P) Ltd, DSL Infrastructure, ARK Builders, Aparna Constructions and so on. The expo will be open to public on January 8 also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407535", "title": "Congress hails EC decision", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress has hailed the Election Commission's decision to cover the statues of chief minister Mayawati and her party symbol--the elephant-- installed at a number of places in poll-bound Uttar Pradesh.Welcoming the EC's decision, party spokesperson Ram Kumar Bhargava said that UP Congress Committee welcomes the decision of the Election Commission taking appropriate steps to ensure level playing field in the elections.The remarks came close on the heels of the announcement by the chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi that the commission has decided that statues of the chief minister and BSP symbol-the elephant-- will be draped until the completion of the assembly poll process, so that no one gets any political mileage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406998", "title": "'Why should the Centre finance abattoir plan?'", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay High Court on Friday questioned why the Central government must finance the expansion of the Deonar abattoir when informed by Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation that it proposes to seeks its help.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi were hearing a public interest litigation filed by Viniyog Pariwar Trust against slaughter of cattle and export of meat. When court was informed that BMC is running losses, it called for records. Statistics for 2010-2011 showed that while BMC's expenditure was Rs 23.88 crores annually it earned an income of 15.42 crores. You statement shows your expenditure is more than your income. You are hardly getting Rs 4 crores annually,'' said Justice Shah.BMC advocate Geeta Joglekar said 74 percent of expenditure goes towards consumption charges including paying salaries of 473 employees. These were covered under establishment charges of Rs 17.70 crores. She said exporters were paying Rs 45 / - per animal as slaughter charge compared to Rs 20 /- charged for local consumption. The judges however opined that exporters should be charged much higher for slaughter. Joglekar said a proposal to revise the rates for exporters will be put up before the civic body after elections.In view of the losses, the judges questioned how BMC plans to go ahead with the abattoir's expansion plans. Who is going to spend money for expansion? ''asked Justice Dalvi. Joglekar said maximum funding by Central government and remaining by BMC. The proposal is still at the planning stage,'' she said.The judges observed that the exporters should contribute towards the expansion. All India Meat and Livestock Association's advocate Zubin Kamdin said it will be unviable '' for his clients. Justice Dalvi riposted. We don't know why you should not pay? Why Central government should?'' Kamdin replied that Centre wants to promote this export industry just like others. Justice Shah said, Your industry is not like other. You are dealing with livestock. '' Kamdin said India has among the highest livestock in the world. Compared to that, our exports are minimal. We have so much, we can expand much more,'' he reasoned.Viniyog's advocate Praful Shah alleged,BMC and exporters were in a collusion want to move for expansion at the cost of public money.'' He said civic bye-laws specifically state that consumption is only for Mumbai city and not foreigners.'' But Joglekar said the abattoir requires renovation as it is in a very dilapidated condition.The judges have directed BMC to file an affidavit stating how it proposes to spend for renovation and expansion and also how it will increase income from exporters to bridge the gap between income and expenditure. '''The matter is adjourned to March 5, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11406136", "title": "J&K;, HP snowed under", "text": "A blanket of snow covered most hilly parts of northern India as the sting of winter bit into Himachal, J&K;, UP and even Punjab and Haryana with temperatures dropping to near zero on Saturday even in cities used to a moderate season for decades. Kangra Valley in Himachal got its first snow in 35 years.J&K; and other Himalayan states were the worst hit. Roads to Kashmir were snowed under and overnight snowfall blocked the lifeline Jammu-Srinagar highway. People had to spent the night without power and officials blamed snapping of power transmission lines from the northern grid for the blackout. Internet and mobile phone services were also disrupted.An avalanche warning was sounded in towns around the Pir Panjal foothills and people were asked to remain indoors. Roads in Srinagar were cleared of snow, but inter-district connectivity remained affected.In Himachal Pradesh, snowfall pushed the mercury close to the freezing point. It was minus 0.7 degree C in Shimla, minus 2 in Manali and 2.4 degrees in Solan and Bhuntar. Shimla, Dharamsala, McLeod Ganj, Manali and Dalhousie got 15-30 cm snow till Saturday afternoon. The Rohtang pass (13,050 ft) received 150 cm while Dhundhi, Mari and Solang Nalla recorded 70-120 cm snow.Overnight rains in Delhi added to the chill with the city recording a maximum of 17.7 degree C, three notches below normal though the minimum settled at 12.5 degrees, up five degrees.In Uttar Pradesh , two people were killed and another injured when their motorcycle crashed into a tree due to poor visibility. Over 80 people have died in the state due to snap cold and fog-related accidents. Most parts of the state received rain for the second day on Saturday that intensified cold wave conditions. The mercury plunged three to six degrees below normal at most places. Bareilly and Meerut recorded 20 mm rainfall each. Rain along with fog delayed flights and almost all the trains were running late. Met officials said the cold wave conditions would persist in the state till Monday.Rains and icy cold winds swept Punjab and Haryana and further dipped the temperature. The mercury in Amritsar plunged six notches to settle at a maximum of 13 degree. Ludhiana shivered at 13.7 and Patiala at 14.8 degree C. Rains lashed Chandigarh as the maximum dropped to 17 degree C, down two notches.There was no respite from the freezing weather in Rajasthan either, as mild rain and thundershowers plunged the mercury close to freezing point at several places in the state. Churu and Mount Abu were the coldest places in the state with a minimum of 2.7 and 2 degree C.Jaipur recorded a minimum of 11.8 and traffic to and from the city was disrupted due to thick fog. At least half-a-dozen early morning trains ran late due to poor weather.BOX- Heavy to moderate snow in hills; rains &amp; hail lash plains. Manali at minus 2 and Shimla at minus 0.7 Celsius- J&K; and other Himalayan states blanketed by snow. Kashmir disconnected from the outside world; no power amid threats of avalanche- Mercury hovers around freezing point in Himachal; Kangra gets first snow in 35 years- Poor visibility kills two in UP- Minimum at Churu and Mt Abu in Rajasthan near zero- Met predicts colder and wetter days ahead", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11406178", "title": "India does a U-turn, to send small military team to China", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an overnight U-turn, India has decided to go ahead with sending a military delegation to China next week but curtailed it to 15 members, instead of the original 30, after Beijing refused to issue a visa to an IAF officer, who hails from Arunachal Pradesh.The 15-member tri-Service delegation will leave for China on Sunday, as was scheduled earlier, to hold talks with their People's Liberation Army (PLA) counterparts as well as visit military establishments in Beijing, Nanjing and Shanghai from January 10 to 13, said officials on Saturday.Group Captain M Panging, the chief operations officer at the Sukhoi-30MKI fighter airbase at Tezpur, will, however, not be part of the truncated delegation. The visa denial to Group Captain Panging had led to the delegation's visit being put on hold on Friday, with the defence and external affairs ministries speaking in different voices, as reported by TOI.Given its over-cautious attitude about not doing anything to ruffle a prickly Beijing, India in the past has avoided sending officials hailing from Arunachal Pradesh for defence and other exchanges with China. The defence establishment seems to have inadvertently included Group Captain Panging in the 30-member delegation, which included eight officers each from Army, Navy and IAF as well as six from the integrated defence staff, much to the external affairs ministry's consternation.Consequently, a 15-member delegation, led by an air vice marshal, will now be heading for China as \"a reciprocal visit\" to the one made by a 29-member PLA delegation here in the last week of December. This was one of the ``net outcomes\" of the 4th India-China annual defence dialogue, held in New Delhi on December 9, which had decided to enhance \"the range and scope of bilateral exchanges at various levels'' as a confidence-building measure between the world's two largest armies.If the delegation's visit next week had been called off, it would have been the second time in less than two years that India would have taken such a step. Earlier, in July 2010, India had frozen all military exchanges with China after Beijing had denied a proper stamped visa to the then Northern Army commander Lt-General B S Jaswal on the grounds that he was commanding forces in the ``disputed and sensitive'' region of Jammu and Kashmir. The ice was broken only after an Indian delegation, led by Major-General Gurmeet Singh, commanding a Rashtriya Rifles division in J&K;, visited Beijing in last June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11407928", "title": "Swamy submits documents to press charges against Chidambaram in 2G scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking prosecution of Union home minister P Chidambaram for alleged offences of corruption and breach of trust in the 2G scam, Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy on Saturday completed his evidence by submitting the documents to back his allegations.\"The evidence brings on record the commission of offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act for which A Raja has been charged by this court,\" he told Special CBI Judge O P Saini, pressing his private complaint that Chidambaram be made an accused in the case.In his deposition, which also got concluded, Swamy said that Chidambaram was also \"guilty of breach of trust of national security for not disclosing\" that Etisalat and Telenor, to which Swan Telecom and Unitech Wireless had diluted their shares, were \"blacklisted\".\"I have also brought on record the evidence to show that Chidambaram is also guilty of breach of trust in question of national security for not disclosing that Etisalat and Telenor were black listed by home ministry advisory,\" he said.Admitting his evidence, the court has fixed Swamy's application for arguments on January 21. Swamy placed on record certified copies of the documents in support of his private complaint. Swamy told the court that the certified documents showed that the then finance minister Chidambaram was in \"connivance\" and \"collusion\" with ex-telecom minister A Raja on fixing the price of spectrum licence and permitting two companies, Swan Telecom and Unitech Wireless that received the licences, in dilution of shares even before their services were rolled out.He placed on record the certified copies of the minutes of a meeting between Chidambaram and Raja on January 30, 2008, and another meeting between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the two ministers. He also submitted a certified copy of a January 15, 2008, letter written to the PM by Chidambaram; a December 21, 2010, communication to him from the Prime Minister's Office and the controversial March 25, 2011, office memo of the finance ministry to the PMO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11408113", "title": "Dhanbad roads blocked after 5 die in accidents", "text": "DHANBAD: Movement of vehicles on NH-2 (GT Road) and NH-32 (Dhanbad-Giridih) was suspended for nearly three hours on Saturday following road blockades created by residents of Nirsa and Govindpur respectively who were demanding compensation for the families of the victims of road accidents at two places.Five people, including two jawans of the district police, were killed in three road accidents on Saturday. According to police, Amit Srivastva and Manish Kumar, the two jawans of the Tiger mobile team of Dhanbad, were crushed to death by a speedy truck at Kewali bridge area at Gobindpur. Their colleague Sudip Kumar, who was also in the team, was injured and is admitted to the Pataliputra Medical College Hospital in a critical condition. The jawans were posted at Saraidhela police station.In another incident at the same place, 35-year-old Noor Mohammad, a mason, was killed when he was coming to Dhanbad from Govindpur. A Giridih-Dhanbad mini bus hit his cycle killing him on the spot.Two more people were killed in the mishap at Hathmadi in Nirsa when a truck carrying potatoes hit another mini-truck. An employee of the Eastern Coalfields Limited was among the two killed. Three others who received injuries have been admitted to the PMCH here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11407944", "title": "4 Chinese drug manufacturing units under scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chinese drug manufacturing firms that export medicines in bulk to India are under the scanner. India is the largest importer of Chinese bulk drugs as more than 45% of bulk drug exporters registered in India are from China.A three-member delegation from the Central Drug Standard Control Organization (CDSCO), headed by Dr C Sokhey from National Institute of Biologials, is leaving for a 10-day inspection tour to China on February 12. They will inspect four drug manufacturing units in China's Zhejinag and Chongquing provinces.The Chinese drug firms under the scanner are Southwest Synthetic Pharma Company Ltd, Intec Product Corp, Suzhoudawn Ray's Pharma Co Ltd and Hisoanchuannan Pharma Company.Union health ministry sources said the decision to audit the Chinese drug manufacturing units was taken after several import licences of local agents of such overseas units were cancelled due to poor drug quality and their failure to comply with good manufacturing practices (GMP).Earlier, the Drug Controller General of India's (DCGI) office had short-listed 11 such Chinese drug manufacturing units for inspection.A ministry official said, \"We had written to the Chinese Food and Drug Authority (FDA) regarding complaints that some Chinese drug firms which export bulk drugs to India might not be holding proper GMP certificates. The Chinese FDA too confirmed our apprehensions and asked us to carry out our own inspections. We have short-listed units, where there is obvious evidence of failure to follow GMP or suspicion about the quality of drugs being manufactured.\"The number of registered Chinese bulk drug manufacturers in India is 272, and altogether 417 different drugs from the Asian giant are registered.In 2009-10, the value of drugs imported from China stood at Rs 3094.4 crore against a total import value of Rs 4953.87 crore. India started inspecting overseas drug manufacturing units of Chinese companies since last year.A Union health ministry note had then said, \"On the basis of complaints and doubts on authenticity of GMP certificate, we cancelled 10 registration certificates and related import licenses. These certificates were from Zhejinag, Jingsu, Henan province and Chongquing.\"It had added, \"Similarly, several cases of imported kits of HIV were declared to be not of standard quality by the government laboratory, which are originating from Zhejiang and Fujian provinces. These issues further support this office which stands to carry out foreign site inspections in line with other regulatory agencies of the world.\"During the last visit - from May 9 to 21, 2011 - another three-member delegation from the CDSCO, led by assistant drugs controller of India Arvind Kukrety was not allowed by a Chinese drug manufacturing firm Chongiqing Daxin Pharmaceutical Company from Beibei district to inspect its premises and manufacturing facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11408653", "title": "Fire staff inspect mall", "text": "MANGALORE: N Shivakumar, IGP (fire and emergency services) inspected City Centre Mall on KS Rao Road here on Saturday. He was here on an official request from DC N S Channappa Gowda, who had sought a joint inspection of the multi-storey structure involving fire and emergency services and revenue officials on the issue of issuing occupancy certificate (OC).When contacted, Shivakumar told STOI that he inspected the mall following an official request from the DC.\"He had requested for a joint inspection of the building on the issue of giving occupancy certificate,\" Shivakumar said. However, he refused to comment on what prompted the DC to make such a request, saying: \"You should not ask such questions over phone.\" The DC said he could not make it for the joint inspection owing to his pre-occupation with the meeting convened by women and child welfare minister C C Patil on Bal Bharat Srujanotsav-2012.Gowda said the reasons for seeking a joint inspection of the building has to do with a move by the fire and emergency services, initially giving a no-objection certificate for the issue of OC to City Centre Mall and later withdrawing it. \"I had requested the IGP to go through the records and revert to me so that a decision on issuing the occupancy certificate could be taken,\" the DC added. Vidya Dinker of Citizens' Forum for Mangalore Development and DK Anti-Corruption Forum said the question of DC giving OC does not arise as former MCC commissioner Sameer Shukla had declared the building an illegal structure and ordered for demolition. It is the prerogative of the MCC commissioner to issue OC, she maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "dewas", "code": "11408372", "title": "India will indigenize bank note material, says Pranab", "text": "DEWAS: India is aiming to indigenize all material used for printing bank notes. Only a few countries in the world now manufacture the paper while others are importing these materials, said Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee.He was speaking after inaugurating the automated bank note printing machine at Bank Note Press ( BNP) in Dewas on Saturday.Mukherjee said that the country was on its way to attaining self-sufficiency in materials used for printing bank notes. The idea for locally manufacturing the currency printing materials was to control the circulation of fake currency.\"We are seriously working on the indigenisation of all materials used for the printing of bank notes within the country,\" said the finance minister. Mukherjee said that though countries importing such material took all security measures to prevent theft while manufacturing the papers and ink, leakages are often reported.\"To stop the menace, we have decided to gain self-sufficiency in the printing of bank notes,\" said Mukherjee. He reminded that \"hostile countries'' were indulging in printing of fake currency and circulating them in India.The minister added that India has already achieved the capacity of preparing bank note papers weighing 21,000 MT and it comprised 90% of the requirement. \"We are working on to enhance it further,\" Pranab Mukherjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11408399", "title": "On the run, two murder accused land in police net", "text": "INDORE: A man and his son, who were arrested from near Sirpur pond in Indore on Sunday for their involvement in a theft case, turned out to be murder accused. The two, Shankar Bheel and his son Govind Bheel, have been on the run after allegedly killing their relative Ram Bheel in 2003.Chandan Nagar TI Pawan Mishra said the duo was arrested, when Shanker was asking for alms in sadhu's robes. However, unaware of their alleged involvement in the murder case, the cops were searching for them for their role in a theft case after a search warrant was issued against the two. The theft was committed over a decade ago.When the police reached Khudail, villagers reportedly told the two had killed Ram Bheel in 2004 and they have not been seen in the village since then. On receiving information about their whereabouts, the police reached the spot to find Shankar going around for alms in sadhu's robe. They told the police that they were beggars.However, the two accused have not confessed to have involvement in the murder case. Shankar reportedly said that three were drinking in the night when his uncle fell on stone and sustained injuries. They left the place as they were terrified to report the incident to the police.Mishra said the two would be handed over to the Khudail police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nadia/hooghly", "code": "11407761", "title": "College employees locked up for 7 hrs", "text": "NADIA/HOOGHLY: In Hooghly, members of the Congress' Chhatra Parishad gheraoed teaching and non-teaching staff of Rishra Bidhan College for seven hours after noon in protest against the administration's inability to hold union elections for 12 years.The Congress has strong organizational presence in Rishra. Imran Khan , district president of the Chhatra Parishad, said that CPM had not allowed elections for years. \"Former municipality chairman Dilip Sarkar controlled everything. Despite complaints, the police did not act,\" he said.Naba Kumar Ghosh, the college principal since 2003, admitted that there had been no election during his tenure but said attempts to organize elections in 2006 failed. The rival unions had demanded two sets of unions, one for the day college and another for the evening one. \"The matter was referred to the university but no clarification arrived,\" he said.It was 7.30pm by the time police arrived on campus and freed the college staff. An officer said they could not intervene earlier because they were not informed.Only a day earlier, on Friday, Trinamool Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) members had locked up 15 teachers of South Dinajpur's Gangarampur College all through the day. And on Thursday, Trinamool Congress district working president Tilak Chowdhury had allegedly led a mob that barged into Raiganj college in North Dinajpur and attacked principal Dilip De Sarkar, who has been teaching there for 30 years. The attackers allegedly included Trinamool Youth Congress vice-president Tushar Guha and Trinamool core committee member Tapan Nag.On December 17, two Trinamool councillors had led miscreants into Jadavpur Vidyapith in Kolkata and roughed up the headmaster and some teachers and students.It was 7.30pm when police freed the college staff. An officer said they could not intervene earlier because they were not informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11407972", "title": "Deven wants to act with the best, win an Oscar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Life comes down to dreams when the end arrives. And this is how it is going to be with Deven Saini, who wants to live all his dreams, if this is to be the year of doom.A struggling theatre actor, Deven wants to go on a world tour with his theatre mates, act in a movie along with his favorite actors, receive an Oscar for his movie and marry his long-time muse Madhuri Dixit. Being a little greedy in his dream is not an issue, so, Deven wants a custom designed car to suit his style, in which he would roam around with his dream girl.\"I want to go on a world tour with my friends but there wouldn't be any girls with us as they become responsibilities. I would want my last holiday with friends to be tension free,\" said Deven, whose next wish is to act under the directors of his choice- Steven Spielberg , N Chandra, Imtiaz Ali and Shyam Benegal. \"I would like to act beside my favorite actors Naseerudin Shah, Dilip Kumar and Shahrukh Khan with Priyanka Chopra as female lead,\" said Deven.Even his wish to win an Oscar is bound with conditions. Deven doesn't find it worth to receive an Oscar if it is not handed over by his favourite actor Leonardo De Caprio. \"I also want my brothers in the audience to witness my moment of pride,\" he said.Deven then wants to sit back in a lavish house and own a car that sets heads turning. \"When seen with my dream girl and the car, people should wonder which one to look at,\" said Deven.Once the wish to drive around in hot wheels is realized, Deven wants to do what Mayawati did in Lucknow. \"I want to line up the entire cities of Chandigarh and Mumbai with my statues and marry Madhuri Dixit ,\" he added. Having done all this, I would sit back, and cherish these memories waiting for the doom. \"Uncomfortable to see the end of my near and dear one's, I would prefer to stay alone,\" the actor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406189", "title": "Cops terrorise RTI activist", "text": "HYDERABAD: Days after chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy wished to see every police station in the state work like a corporate office and the complainant received warmly, a Right to Information (RTI) activist on Friday was nearly subjected to the third degree treatment by inspector K Srinivas Rao after he walked into Kukatpally police station, and only timely intervention by higher-ups saved him from being arrested and slapped with false cases.Human Rights and Consumer Protection cell (HRCP) activist Thakur Raj Kumar Singh said he had lodged a complaint with the Kukatpally police on December 5, 2011, regarding the encroachment of a piece of land in Kukatpally by land grabbers. When he went to the police station to enquire about the status of the complaint, Thakur said, he was told by inspector Srinivas that it had been thrown into the dustbin. In response, Thakur presented an RTI application to the inspector seeking to know what action the police had taken on the complaint given by him. Srinivas, however, refused to accept the RTI application.Thakur was then taken into the inspector's chamber where three persons in civil clothes were present. According to him, one of the three linked him to an encounter in Dhoolpet area and charged him with being a member of a criminal gang that carried out the killing. However, Thakur had alerted his activist colleagues, who in turn contacted the ACP of Balanagar. The ACP called up Srinivas upon which Thakur was let off.HRCP activists suspect that the unknown persons, who claimed to be retired policemen, were actually land grabbers and that Srinivas was in collusion with them to protect their interests. On Saturday, Thakur lodged complaints with the Cyberabad police commissioner, State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) and chief information commissioner against the high-handed behaviour of the Kukatpally inspector and demanded action against him.However, until evening, no action was forthcoming. When contacted, Cyebarabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao told STOI that the complaint lodged by Thakur in his office had still not been brought to his notice and suggested that Madhapur DCP T Yoganand be contacted. However, the DCP too feigned ignorance about the complaint.The RTI activists charged that atrocities and excesses by the police in the city and surrounding areas had been increasing by the day. \"No wonder the common man dreads to enter a police station. The chief minister's call to the cops to become people-and-complainant-friendly is a farce and nothing is likely to be accomplished by his directive to the cops,\" said one activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "11408897", "title": "'Ties with Israel will help tilt its K-stand for Pak'", "text": "JERUSALEM: Pakistan should be open to the idea of establishing relations with Israel in order to counter the \"pro-India\" stand usually adopted by it on key issues like Kashmir , former president Pervez Musharraf has said.Musharraf said the Jewish state is a fait accompli and relations with it can help Islamabad come closer to the strong Jewish lobby in the US and in its conflict against India.\"Pakistan has to keep demanding the resolution of the Palestinian dispute... (but) Pakistan also needs to keep readjusting its diplomatic stand toward Israel based on the mere fact that it exists and is not going away,\" said Musharraf, who plans to return to Pakistan from selfexile later this month.It would be in Pakistan's interest to get closer to Israel to counter the \"pro-India \" stand usually adopted by Israel , Musharraf told the Haaretz newspaper.\"The issue of India is another sensitivity in Pakistan - Israel has always been pro-India and against Pakistan ,\" he said. He acknowledged that Israel had not had the opportunity to forge relations with Pakistan.Haqqani must get fair treatment: USThe US has asked Pakistan to ensure fair treatment to former envoy Husain Haqqani in the ongoing judicial process that is probing the memo scandal. \"We expect that any process for resolving the matter of ambassador Haqqani will proceed in a way that is fair, that's transparent, that is as expeditious as possible,\" state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407512", "title": "CBI detects Rs 2.93 crore embezzlement", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Saturday arrested managing director of a public sector undertaking (PSU) from Lucknow in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam in Uttar Pradesh.CBI sources said that the State Health Society had given contract of purchasing computers to Construction and Design department of UP Jal Nigam. They said the organisation in turn gave the contract of purchasing computers to Radhey Shyam Enterprises and Axis Marketing. The total contract was worth about Rs 8 crore. However, the CBI detected swindling of funds worth Rs 2.93 crore.CBI sources said that the two firms had allegedly supplied computers at exhorbitant prices which resulted in loss of around Rs 2.93 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407316", "title": "City riot accused in custody, finally", "text": "KOLKATA: Police took exactly two months to round up Jagannath Jha, the prime accused in the Bhowanipore rioting case where a group of hooligans attacked police and ransacked the local police station. He has been remanded in police custody till January 10.The arrest is significant because four accused were released from the police lock-up without any case being registered against them soon after chief minister Mamata Banerjee reached the spot and stormed into the police station on that night.On November 6, police lathicharged on an immersion procession taken out by a Bhowanipore club after the club members allegedly attacked them. The incident occurred after they refused to obey police order and burst banned crackers. Mamata Banerjee's appeal for peace finally controlled the situation.Ten persons were injured in the clash. The police intervention, however, sparked a brawl with hundreds of local youths confronting cops with bricks and bottles, leaving six police officers injured. The mob chased cops to the Bhowanipore police station and allegedly went on a rampage after police retaliated.The chief minister, meanwhile, walked into the police station and \"pacified\" nearly a 1,000-strong mob. Senior police officers, including city police chief R K Pachnanda, had rushed to the spot.The inquiry report of senior officers accused cops at Bhowanipore police station of \"pro-active\" policing in the incident and action was taken against them. Though police identified Jha and 15 other accused (all Trinamool Congress supporters, incidentally), none were arrested. Jha is known as a local rowdy and is close to one of Mamata's brothers. Police claimed he had fled to Giridih in Jharkhand after the incident.Police faced criticism after they apparently failed to round up the miscreants. Finally, Jha was picked up on Saturday morning from his Rani Shankari Lane home and booked for rioting, assault on police and damaging government property. Investigators claimed that other accused would be rounded up soon.In another case, cops of Park Street police station arrested dreaded criminal Mohammad Firoze, alias Lyangra Firoze, from Royd Street late on Friday. Police claimed Firoze is a close associate of jailed central Kolkata don Gabbar. Accused in three murder cases, Firoze was released from jail after serving a 10-year sentence. According to police sources, he was making an attempt to reactivate Gabbar's extortion network and started threatening some realtors and building material suppliers. \"An improvised revolver and ammunition have been found from his possession,\" said DP Singh, DC South.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408728", "title": "Teacher, don\u2019t leave us kids alone", "text": "Syed Umer Farooq, an 18-year-old with muscular dystrophy, has been denied admission in 30 schools. Classrooms are turning away children with disabilities in numbers so large that both activists and parents are getting seriously worried.Never mind what the law says , it is very difficult, if not impossible , for a child with a disability to get into a regular school. The few times that does happen , it's usually because of a sympathetic teacher or a principal . Unfortunately , should that teacher leave , the differently-abled child is left to fend for himself again.Which is what happened with Raju , a boy from the Mumbai slums who suffers from muscular dystrophy , a debilitating disease which eventually results in death . Raju went to a regular private school because the principal was sensitive to his needs and made certain Raju's classes were conducted on the ground floor . But then a new principal took over , and Raju was asked to leave .\"The disabled children who are able to get admission are the ones who can cope with the current system , which focuses on rote learning ,'' says Syamala Gidugu , director of Action for Ability Development and Inclusion . \"Schools will not entertain children who are not toilettrained , those who do not speak and children who have not kept up with the rest of the class .'' One child who was unable to walk and so would crawl on his knees was told by a Delhi principal that she \"would not be able to justify his presence to the parents of the other children\" .\"T he other parents think the inclusion of a disabled child in the classroom will result in their children taking on the disabled child's characteristics . But disability is not contagious . Children do, initially , copy each other but they also outgrow that . They learn to accept each other ,'' adds Gidugu . In other words , the closer a disabled child comes to being \"regular\" , the better his chances of admission to a regular school. Merry Barua , director , Action for Autism , however says schools, even today , fail to understand autism . They think of it as \"unusual behaviour \" and expect autistic children to behave in a non-autistic manner . Obviously then , parents try and hide their child's disability , says Chitra Iyer , a trustee of the Forum for Autism.Iyer herself has a son who is autistic and suffers from cerebral palsy . \"I sent him to a regular preschool which followed a strict policy of inclusive education . He was included in all school activities , from costume parties to zoo trips . The parents of the other ch i l d r e n were very sensitive to his needs . It was an amazing experience ,'' says Iyer . But her joy was short-lived . Once preschool was over , she was unable to find a regular school that would admit her child. In Bangalore , Aloma Lobo says her differently-abled child was denied admission by three schools.\"These children will be mainstreamed if the schools take responsibility for them . But if the schools see the children as problems , then that's what they'll remain .'' Dr Sam Taraporevala is a professor of sociology at St Xavier's College , Mumbai . He is also blind but studied in regular school and college and now tries to help other blind children do the same . The discrimination against them , he says , comes from all quarters - poor and rich. \"I've heard of many blind children of affluent parents being refused admission to elite schools in the city .An IB school turned down a blind child on the grounds that it was not prepared to deal with such children . An ICSE school said it already had one child with a hearing disability and one with a learning disability ,'' says Taraporevala . Justice has been rare . But there have been instances of schools being penalized for discriminating against such children . Nina P Naik , chairperson of Karnataka's Child Rights Protection Commission , ordered a school to compensate the parents of a child who was asked to leave because he was a slow learner.But, says professor Anita Rampal , who heads the department of education at Delhi University , even when schools do admit disabled children , they often do not know what to do with them . In Kerala , she says , she visited schools where children with disabilities were simply expected to sleep through class . The flaw , says Rampal , lies in the current teacher training model . While a regular BEd degree trains teachers to deal with regular children , a separate BEd trains other teachers to deal with special-needs children . It would be better , she says , if the regular BEd degree instructed regular teachers on how to deal with differently-abled children .Big laws, Small effectThe Persons With Disabilities (PWD) Act says every disabled child has the right to free education till the age of 18 The Right Of Children To Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act says every child between six and 14 has the right to free and compulsory education in a neighbourhood school till the completion of his or her elementary education But because the two laws say slightly different things - the PWD Act says a child has to be educated to 18, while the RTE Act says he has to be educated to 14 - it allows schools to exploit the loophole left open. Syed can now be told he is older than 14, so the law does not make it mandatory for him to be given free and compulsory education", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11407825", "title": "Woman's death triggers tension", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tension erupted in Capital Hospital here after the death of a pregnant woman allegedly due to a heart problem on Saturday.Sources said Anusuya Sahu (28) from Votapada in Puri district's Nimapada police station area was brought to the hospital complaining of breathlessness around 10 am. She died three hours later. The deceased's family and relatives alleged that Anusuya, who is survived by a three-year-old daughter, was a victim of medical negligence, triggering an altercation with hospital staff. \"They did not do enough to save her,\" said a family member of the deceased. Police had to intervene to bring the situation under control.Anusuya's husband, Nihar, said they had first taken her to Nimapada hospital following chest pain. The Nimapada hospital had referred her to Capital Hospital, he said.Hospital authorities denied the charges. \"The woman was pregnant and had heart problems. She could not be saved despite our efforts,\" said hospital spokesman Dr S N Swain.The government hospital had witnessed a similar tension when a woman died after giving birth to a boy two months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11407260", "title": "FGI chalks out programmes to mark Sayajirao's anniversary", "text": "VADODARA: The Federation of Gujarat Industries (FGI) has chalked out a series of programmes to mark the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad. FGI was founded in the year 1918 during the tenure of the visionary ruler who had patronized industrial development in the erstwhile Baroda state.FGI has decided to celebrate the occasion with a series of programmes starting from next month to December 2012 for a period of one year.\"FGI was fortunate to be a contemporary in this golden era and it is a proud privilege for us to celebrate this occasion,\" FGI president Geeta Goradia informed mediapersons on Saturday. The federation will install a life size bronze bust of Sayajirao III in the premises of FGI Business Centre on March 11, which is Sayajirao's birthday. \"We will be holding a two-day national HRD conclave on February 23 and February 24, which will be dedicated to celebration of 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary. This conclave supported by iNDEXTb and Gujarat government will see presence of reputed speakers of human resources fraternity from private, public sector companies and educational sector from all over the country,\" Goradia said.A musical evening for participants will be also held on February 23 either at Laxmi Vilas Palace or FGI Business Centre. With the support of industrialist and art promoter Rakesh Agarwal along with scion of the royal family Ranjitsinh Gaekwad, FGI will be organizing an art workshop in March, inviting 15 artists for a three-day camp at the FGI Business Centre. \"The artwork created in this workshop will be put up for auction and the proceeds will be given to the commemoration fund,\" Agrawal said.In the field of education, FGI would institute a gold medal for a period of 25 years, which will be given to a promising student in the field of music and dance from M S University's faculty of performing arts. \"All the major events in the year, including the FGI Expo, which will be organized in December this year under the aegis of Vibrant Gujarat Investment Summit in January 2013 will be dedicated in the reverence to the fond memory of the benevolent ruler,\" Goradia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408569", "title": "Four youths chase, nab snatchers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four youths showed exemplary courage when they saw two persons on a bike snatch a woman's bag on Friday evening.Manpreet, Abhishek, Ujjawal , and Rahul-all residents of Karol Bagh-were playing cricket in a park when they saw the snatchers flee with the bag. They pursued the snatchers for several kilometres and managed to overpower them. They reclaimed the woman's bag and handed the snatchers over to the cops, who had arrived by then.The victim, Pushpa Devi (33), is a nurse. One of the bravehearts, Manpreet, said, \"I had come out to retrieve our ball when I saw two man on a bike make off with a woman's bag. I called a friend and started chasing the robbers on my bike. Two of my friends, Ujjawal and Rahul, joined us in the chase.\"The snatchers, Chandra Prakash and Sunil Kumar, are first-timers , police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11414419", "title": "Patna College set to celebrate", "text": "PATNA: Patna College, the oldest institution of higher education in Bihar, is all set to celebrate its 150th Foundation Day with great enthusiasm on Monday. The entire campus has been tastefully decorated with all its buildings white washed and illuminated.CM Nitish Kumar will release as many as 150 balloons of different shades symbolizing as many eventful years in the growth and development of this college on the occasion. Bihar assembly Speaker Uday Narain Chaudhary will be the guest of honour and Patna University vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh will preside. All the former VCs of PU, former principals of Patna College and distinguished alumni and teachers of the college are likely to attend the function, said college principal Lalkeshwar Prasad Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11407420", "title": "Wanted: Filmmakers who dare", "text": "What's common between Ritwik Ghatak's \"Ajantrik\" and \"Jukti Tokko Goppo\", Buddhadeb Dasgupta's \"Durutyo\", Barin Saha's \"Tero Nodir Pare\", Nimai Ghosh's \"Chinnamul\", Mrinal Sen's \"Baishey Shravan\", \"Kolkata 71\", \"Interview\", \"Bhuvan Shome\" and \"Padatik\"? All these movies, in their own way, offered new cinematic experiences and were, more often than not, far ahead of their times.Cut to contemporary Bengali cinema and today, there is no dearth of filmmakers churning out intelligent and smartly-made movies. Even if one were not to use the term 'experimental fare' to avoid the risk of being drawn into the quagmire of linguistic debate over what constitutes experimentation, how many of them are actually offering new cinematic experiences?Unfortunately, the number of movies from the land of Ray, Ghatak and Sen that are truly pushing envelop is too few and far between. Madhuja Mukherjee's first feature, titled \"Carnival\", has been selected for its world premiere at the 41st International Film Festival Rotterdam in the Bright Future category. Q's \"Gandu\" has become a toast of many international film festivals including Berlin and London . Moinak Biswas' \"Sthaniya Sambaad\" too has done its share of festival rounds. But this number isn't flattering from an industry that churns out over a 100 movies in a year? In the last decade, Bengal has produced only the likes of \"Uttara\", \"Kaalpurush\", \"Herbert\", \"Mahanagar@Kolkata\", \"Byatikromi\", \"Arekti Premer Golpo\", \"Andhokarer Shobdo\", \"Houseful\", \"Aamra\" and \" Clerk\" that attempted to challenge the accepted parameters of movie-making.So, what's going wrong? Lack of talent and government-funding patronage? Absence of the film society movement or a radically-charged environment to trigger the directors into thinking in terms of creating an alternative cinematic language? Ask Moinak Biswas, the film studies professor and director of \"Sthaniya Sambaad\", about what ails the industry and he says, \"When Mrinal Sen made those movies, he was inspired by French Radical cinema and New Latin America's cinema. There is a strong culture of avant-garde and independent cinema across the world. This culture is very vibrant even in countries like Thailand , Malaysia and Philippines . But, where is that attempt in Bengal today? Here, makers are too obsessed with drawing room drama of the middle class to contemplate about anything else.\"Explains the maker of \"Clerk\", Subhadro Chowdhury (professor, direction, SRFTI), \"In Kolkata, directors are not putting themselves at stake, they are happy putting a formula at stake. In the name of new experimental fare, what's happening is that people are using a public forum to express what they would have otherwise said in personal quarters after having ganja and rum.\"That, says composer Indraadip Das Gupta, doesn't qualify to be any example of a new cinematic vision. \"What's happening today in the name of experimental cinema is shock therapy. Few contemporary movies that were really experimental would be \"Herbert\" and \"Aamra\". The form of Birsa Dasgupta's \"033\" was to some extent experimental. But there is neither a Mani Kaul kind of an experimentation happening in Kolkata today nor an Anurag Kashyap-stylled \"Dev.D\" or \"Shaitan\"-styled innovation happening in terms of form of Bengali cinema. Tollywood still prefers to hear linear stories while watching a movie. There is hardly any room for experimentation there unless one understands that cinema is much beyond all that. Let's not fool ourselves into thinking that just by using nudity and foul language, one can become an independent filmmaker with an experimental tag,\" Dasgupta says.Director Amit Sen of \"Natobar Notout\" admits that his efforts at experimenting had indeed gone sour. \"Wikipedia says that an experiment is a methodical procedure carried out with the goal of verifying, falsifying, or establishing the validity of a hypothesis. But when we refer to experiments in film, we probably tend to indicate the emerging patterns of shift in cinematic language. I am not sure whether Bengali cinema has come of age in terms of playing with the language as well as form. I can only speak for myself. I did try to catch the bull by the horns in \"Natobar Notout\" and ended up getting bruised badly. I did try to package Tagore in a form, hitherto unexplored. I had him actually performing on screen. Out of necessity, the content was deeply steeped in literature - but that proved counter productive. Contrary to popular belief, I will not claim that the film was ahead of its time. I will simply put it this way - I FAILED AS A DIRECTOR.\"Very few directors would admit on print about their failed experiments and would rather live in denial. This often resulted in a false sense of pride for self-indulgent makers of the 20th century, who made it imperative for the viewers to praise their complex and tangentially difficult movies for the fear of being called ignorant!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406816", "title": "Mumbai for kids: Cooperage, a ladder to football dreams", "text": "MUMBAI: It took a long time coming, but young football enthusiasts finally have reason to cheer with the much-ignored Cooperage football stadium being sanctioned a facelift last year. A beneficiary of FIFA's 'Win in India with India' programme, which has sponsored artificial turfs for eight stadiums in the country, Cooperage's new avatar has opened a whole new world to kids chasing football dreams.The lack of quality football grounds has for long been the story of the sport in the city, often nipping talent in the bud. But with Cooperage's renovation almost complete, that is set to change. The laying of the state-of-the-art turf, which was completed in November, means a better platform for children playing the sport to showcase their talents.Giving further fillip to the developments was the announcement by English Premier League giants, and arguably the most widely followed football team in the world, Manchester United, that it will open a branch of the Manchester United Soccer School (MUSS) at the ground in affiliation with the Western India Football Association (WIFA). The soccer school will give kids aged eight to 18 the chance to train with some of the best coaches in the world and learn football the United way.Terming the move as one that would change the dynamics of football for kids in the city, Henry Menezes, CEO of WIFA, said that the new Cooperage will be part of every child's life. \"Coming to Cooperage will now be an experience for children who kept away from the stadium because of its condition before the renovation. Even kids coming to watch football games will develop aspirations to play the sport looking at the facilities,\" said Menezes.By bringing Manchester United on board, Menezes felt children will have a connection to an icon. \"We lack icons in our country and by getting United to Cooperage that's going to change. While the training school may be a self-sustained programme, WIFA will hand 100 deserving children scholarships to be part of the MUSS clinics. Two of the MUSS coaches will be here through the year.\"Once the stadium is complete, WIFA will conduct competitive games of the local league which will give semi-professional players a chance to play on the world-class pitch. \"We will offer the ground to kids, organize seminars and clinics. The idea is to make the facilities at Cooperage a ladder for kids to chase their dreams,\" he said.A big positive with artificial turf is that monsoons, however harsh, wouldn't be an impediment and football can be played all through the year.Sherley Singh, who runs the Indian Tigers' Football Academy, said, \"Football grounds are virtually non-existent in our city. The BMC grounds are uneven, have stones and the pitches are in a bad condition. The biggest challenge is to get a good ground and the turf at Cooperage is a blessing. At least somebody has understood what the younger generation needs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "11407890", "title": "Catholic diocese of Dibrugarh celebrates diamond jubilee", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The diamond jubilee celebrations of the Catholic diocese here got under way with a two-day programme on Saturday. The Archbishop of Guwahati, Thomas Menamparampil, hoisted the flag on the campus and led the celebrations. Hundreds of parishioners from the Northeast converged at the diocese.Bishop Joseph Aind gave the welcome address while Fr Joy Pallikunnel, the vicar general of Dibrugarh diocese, gave the introductory speech. The jubilee song by the Dibrugarh town catholic youth group at the beginning of the programme was captivating.In his speech, Archbishop Menamparampil recounted the zeal and sacrifice of the early Christian missionaries who led the foundation of the diocese overcoming numerous obstacles and hardships. He lauded the effort of the Dibrugarh diocese for its all round contribution in the field of education and various social welfare programmes in the past 60 years of its existence.He also appealed to the people to work hand-in-hand for peace and development of the region cutting across diverse religious identities. State water resources minister Prithibi Majhi and former Dibrugarh MP Sarbananda Sonowal were among the dignitaries present.In the afternoon, a huge procession led by the Archbishop was taken out from the diocese through the Red Cross Road, Phool Bagan and Thana Chariali, participated by hundreds of parishioners carrying banners with their church parish names. The Eucharistic prayer to be led by the Archbishop has been scheduled at 11 am on Sunday.The diocese of Dibrugarh which shares the same treasured history with the genesis of Christianity in north east India was carved from the diocese of Shillong on July 12, 1951 with Reverend Orestes Marengo as the first Bishop. On July 6, 1964 Reverend Hubert D'Rosario was appointed the Bishop who renovated the cathedral with frescoes and beautiful mosaic art.The diocese of Dibrugarh currently comprises five upper Assam districts of Tinsukia, Dibrugarh, Sivasagar, Jorhat and Golaghat with a strength of around 1, 21,000 believers. At present, 64 high schools, three higher secondary schools, four vocational training centres, 12 dispensaries, one hospital, two media and communication centres, one college of social work at Jorhat, one nursing school at Dibrugarh and several formation houses are being run by the diocese of Dibrugarh, according to church officials.Fr Pallikunnel, the vicar general, disclosed that every year nearly 4,000 students pass out from the high schools of the diocese while around 50,000 children are studying in the schools of the diocese. He further added that the diocese has been extending help to people during calamities in the form of relief materials like foodgrains, medicines, blankets, mosquito nets and tarpaulin. The dioceseconducts the social welfare programmes under its social wing called Seva Kendra and health programmes through its health division called CHAD, which also maintains an ambulance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408160", "title": "T N Malik shifted from AES probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The investigation officer probing the controversy surrounding Ahmedabad Education Society's (AES) elections of 2007, from CID (Crime), has been shunted out of the case.Taking away the investigations from T N Malik, the case has been handed over to police inspector P M Parmar. Sources said that the change was done with orders from CID (Crime) DIG, A K Jadeja.The investigations were handed over to CID (Crime) after one of AES' members, Tushar Patel, had approached the metro court and filed a complaint with allegations of irregularities in the election.In his complaint, Patel claimed that during the 2007 election, norms specified by the charity commissioner were disregarded. 453 voters' names were deleted from the voters' list. Patel's name was one of them. According to society's norms, AES does not have powers to delete any names from the voters' list.Patel had then approached the Navarangpura police to register a complaint. However, for three months there was no activity. Patel had sought clarification under the RTI Act from the then city police commissioner Sudhir Sinha. As per Sinha's suggestion, Patel filed his plaint with the metro court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11408375", "title": "Mohammed Committee meets in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The Admissions Supervisory Committee for Professional Colleges, headed by Justice P A Mohammed, met in Kochi on Saturday.The committee collected evidence from colleges and students on the charges that students with lowest marks in the qualifying examination got admissions.The committee couldn't complete examination of the evidence and clarifications produced before it on Saturday. So, the meeting would continue on Sunday as well, officials with the committee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408709", "title": "Films have no place for items", "text": "That sex sells is a completely onesided and a misconstrued notion. Sex coexists in a narrative but I don't agree to the notion that a film works because of sex or an item number or for that matter a song or an action sequence. I consider film as an art form which is judged in totality. They have to be viewed in entirety as one would view a complete sculpture or a painting. You cannot say the hand is beautiful or the head is. Similarly, the success of fi lms cannot be viewed through the lens of one element.Even if some films with excessive sexual content work we cannot call it a trend. Reputed production houses could be making films like and reputed heroines could be taking part in them, but their working in these films should not lead to the conclusion that the audience are now into \"sex\" films. Apart from having a decent storyline these fi lm work primarily because of the shock value and enormous budgets that go into selling them. But surely some small timers will follow suit only to go unnoticed and also the biggies (actors) will be unable to repeat or recreate the magic.I don't think item numbers do anything by themselves. Take for instance, Ringa Ringa which I think is one of the best item song in recent films but still the film did'nt fare well at the box office.. it may have generated some revenue but the commercial benefi ts accrued say from hit numbers through audio sales etc cannot be used to measure a film's success. A fi lm with a good script would work even without an item song.But the question is if they are needed, my answer is a sure NO. A film what a director or a storywriter wants to say and item numbers can never influence that process and so it will not influence the result either.But still item numbers almost always exist in our cinema. The reason could be that in this star driven industry we can never judge the success of a film so the makers resort to the minimum guarantee formula with song dance action comedy tracks. The assumption of an item number offering minimum guarantee is also debatable. I think it's a myth which will die down soon. A blockbuster is always surely about the story and then to some extent about the star but not the item.(The author is a critically acclaimed filmmaker who has steered clear of the item formula)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11408333", "title": "Arrest of Bishnaram's three aides helps CBI", "text": "JODHPUR: The arrest of three members of the Bishnaram Bishnoi gang has proved to be of great importance for Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in the Bhanwari Devi case. CBI succeeded in reaching the place where she was disposed of. A 3-day thorough scanning of the spot has led the CBI to get a number of evidences, some of them very crucial for the investigation.After recovering a wooden bat, jewellery, teeth and wrist watch, the CBI has found man's clothes too. Bishnaram reportedly has identified them as Kailash Jakhar's. He admitted that the clothes were disposed of in the canal as they had been smeared with blood while he was cutting pieces of Bhanwari Devi's body before it was set ablaze. The knife has already been recovered from the canal.According to a police source, Bishnaram, was persuaded by Sahiram to be a part of the crime on the condition that his cases related to land-grabbing and illegal selling would be settled if he disposed of Bhanwari. Bishnaram along with his gang members, Om Prakash , Kailash Jakhar and Ashok Bishnoi, went to take Bhanwari alive from Sohanlal and Shahabuddin on Nevra Road on the evening of September 1.\"According to Bishnaram she was lifeless when they handed her to them, on which they refused to take the body\" a source said. Sohanlal then informed Sahiram about the situation, who forced Bishnaram to agree to take the body. He directed them that the body should be disposed of in such a manner that no trace should be left behind.Keeping this in mind, they burnt her body at a spot which was quite deep so that no one could see the flames as it had already grown dark by then. \"They used some fuel and wood to burn her and waited for two hours and then smashed her unburnt bones\", a source quoted Bishnaram.This has been confirmed by all the three members. CBI is now looking for Ashok Bishnoi, the fourth member of the gang, who was also there in the Scorpio with these three.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11407436", "title": "Now, lifestyle diseases dog man\u2019s best friend", "text": "MUMBAI: The yuppie Indian's twin problems-a sedentary lifestyle and poor dietary habits-seem to be rubbing off on Mumbai's canine population as well. Veterinarians across the city are reporting a growing incidence of renal failure and cardiac diseases among dogs, blaming their human masters of imposing an unhealthy lifestyle on the pets.The sole dialysis facility for dogs in the city at the Bombay Veterinary College (BVC), attached to the Sakarbai Dinshaw Petit Hospital for Animals in Parel, has been receiving five to six dogs almost every month. In the one year since it was thrown open, over 60 dogs required dialysis after their kidneys stopped functioning. Worse, only 25% survived after dialysis.Heart problems, too, seem to be becoming a serious issue among the canine population. Over the last year, 100 dogs have undergone an echocardiogram examination, a test where sound waves are used to create images of the heart, at the BVC cardiovascular unit.The fact that only those with very serious heart problems are subjected to this echocardiogram reflects the gravity of the situation , say experts. The tests have revealed conditions as critical as enlargement of heart, narrowing or leaking of valves to minor clots in the arteries. An equal or more number of dogs has also undergone radiography examinations for heart problems. City doctors say the only silver lining is that dogs do not suffer cardiac arrests.Dr J C Khanna, the secretary of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA), called the trend \"extremely worrisome\". He said renal diseases are affecting all breeds and age groups. \"Although we are seeing more dogs between 4 and 8 years coming with the complaint, the ailment is catching up even with the younger ones,\" he said.Khanna blamed renal failure among canines on a protein-rich diet or having processed food with more salt percentage that the kidneys find difficult to process. He said he had seen dogs who needed dialysis twice a day after their creatinine levels had shot up to 10 to 19 mg/dl as against the normal range of 0.5-1.5 mg/dl.Dialysis may not be the ideal answer to the health scare as dogs usually do not live long after undergoing the painful procedure. Late diagnosis is a problem, said Dr D V Keskar, head of medicine at BVC. \"If diagnosed early, the dog recovers 80-90%. But, in most cases, we get dogs at advanced stages of diseases, where even dialysis offers no hope,\" he added.While veterinarians feel dietary habits could play a huge role in rising renal failures, there is not much of an explanation for heart diseases. \"Some of the breeds like Doberman, boxers, German spaniels, etc. could be pre-disposed to heart problems, but not all can be blamed on genes. Dogs are eating chocolates, icecreams and meals at any time of the day but not burning those calories,\" said Dr Rajendra Velhankar, associate professor of medicine in BVC. He said the hospital has treated puppies as young as 3-4 months with unusually big hearts. They had no apparent hereditary reasons to blame.Interestingly, the city veterinary fraternity is divided on whether pet food or home-cooked food is the solution. SPCA's Khanna says fresh, home-cooked food served at fixed hours is the healthiest regime. But Dr Makarand S Chavan, head of Dadar's Dogs &amp; Cats Vet Clinic , believes that special dog foods and sufficient water intake is the answer. \"It is easy to make home-food but difficult to make a balanced one,\" he said. Veterinary physician Dr Gopal Rayate added that people spend between Rs 20,000 and Rs 40,000 to buy exotic breeds and think the only way to pamper them is by giving them rich food.But, in certain cases, dietary changes have worked wonders. Like seven-year-old labrador Ronny, who had an enlarged heart. He has been on medication for one and a half years, besides a strict home diet. His doting owner Kishore Mani confesses that Ronny's symptoms started with difficulty in breathing and reluctance to walk even a few steps. \"Since then, we have been giving him only home-cooked food suggested by the nutritionist. He is quite healthy now,\" said the Chembur-based advertising professional.COMMON PROBLEMS* Complete failure of kidneys, kidney stones, difficulty in urinating due to less water intake* Cardiac diseases like enlargement of heart, narrowing or leaking of valves, minor clots in the arteries* Obesity , tendency to overeat, indigestion, food allergies , lethargy* Malfunctioning of thyroid glandsSYMPTOMS* Loss of appetite and agility* Retention of urine and in some cases excess urination* Pain and uneasiness* Vomiting and diarrhoea with blood* Rise in body temperatureSOLUTIONS* Stick to a healthy and uniform diet regime* Serve food in fixed hours of the day, preferably only twice* A light morning meal and a moderately heavy dinner should be enough* Dog should be fed only what is needed and not in excess* Ample physical exercise", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11409081", "title": "Mom kills child, ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: Four unnatural deaths in 24 hours. M Subbulakshmi , 30, and her daughter Madhushree, 7, were found dead in their Satanur home near Bagalur. They'd consumed rat poison and their bodies were found when Subbulakshmi's mother Radha went to the house around 10am.A suicide note by Subbulakshmi said she was depressed and no one should be blamed. \"I along with my daughter are travelling to another world from where no one can come back,\" she wrote.Subbulakshmi had been living alone after her husband Manjunath abandoned her four years ago. \"Subbulakshmi had a petty shop near Baglur bus stand,\" police said. Madhushree was a Class 3 student at the Yelahanka government school.Shashikala Ramachandra Naidu, a 19-year-old newly married garment employee, was found dead in a well in Chamundeshwarinagar near Electronic City. She'd been missing since Wednesday. The couple from Andhra Pradesh had been living together for a year, police said.Reportedly depressed due to a financial crisis, Suresh Kumar , a 31-year-old garment employee , hanged himself at his Devarachickkanahalli home near Mico Layout on Friday night. Suresh is survived by wife Savita and a 5-year-old son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "berlin", "code": "11402165", "title": "Tools to block PC distractions", "text": "BERLIN: With the fog of Facebook, YouTube and emails that seem to regularly pop up on computer screens, it's a wonder anyone ever gets any actual work done these days.Try as one might to concentrate, the internet generally means that distractions - social networks, news updates, or emails from friends - are but a click away for most workers.The good news for procrastinators and the easily distracted is that there are tools out there that will block distractions like Facebook and YouTube and even stop email alerts. The bad news is that you'll still need loads of willpower to make such systems really work.Evolution can be thanked for the fact that humans are so easily distracted. If something moves nearby, our attention is automatically directed towards it. Psychologists call this an orientation reaction.Once, it was necessary for survival. After all, the flash of movement could easily be a hungry sabretooth tiger.The instinct remains, even though offices are rarely the site of life-or-death situations. That means humans are routinely overloaded with input in today's fast-paced workplace, says Andreas Zimber of the SRH University Heidelberg in Germany.It doesn't help that the ever-present emails seem to demand immediate answers.'Because the medium is so fast, everyone expects that answers will come quickly,' says Zimber, a professor of business psychology. That leads to two problems.First, says Zimber, people lack the focus to concentrate on important tasks. That focus is needed to work efficiently, and with less effort. 'Based on surveys, we know that interruptions at work are one of the main sources of disruption.'The distractions also cater to procrastinators, providing a welcome excuse to shove unpleasant tasks further down on the to-do list. 'That's when the hedonistic principle kicks in: I'll pick the more pleasant task,' notes Zimber.So what's to be done? Zimber advises a system of compartmentalisation. If possible, lay down fixed office and visiting hours.When it comes time to do important work, shut your email inbox and make sure everyone knows you're entering a period of enforced isolation. That could shut down the problem of three or four avenues of information coming in simultaneously. 'Colleagues will usually understand,' says Zimber.Some word processing programmes even help enforce this practice.For example, Focus Writer covers up all open windows and only shows the basic text upon which you're working. Toolbars and other extras only appear when you pull the mouse to the edge of the screen.For those who need extra motivation, the programme allows them to set a writing goal - a set amount of time or a specific number of words. The free programme runs on Windows, Max OS X and Linux .But the distractions are always out there, especially if you just have to quickly check something online ... and then find yourself stuck on Facebook. Two browser extensions promise to stop aimless surfing.Stay Focused allows Chrome users to set a specific amount of time they are allowed to stay online. Users set their own list of no-go websites. Many choose to block time-killers, like video portals, games or social networks, while leaving accessible useful sites like dictionaries or Wikipedia.Leech Block performs a similar function for Firefox and Explorer. Users get an icon reminding them a site is forbidden if they try to wander into no-go territory. The free URL blocker works independently of the browser.Still, none of these systems erases the need for discipline. Committed time wasters can also just switch to non-blocked browsers or restart their computer to fool the efficiency programmes.Procrastinators need to be honest about listing the time-killer websites to be blocked, ideally just as they're experiencing some regret about recent dalliances.Recognizing the problem is the first step towards improvement. That's why programmes like RescueTime measure how much time is used for different activities.The free version of the software, which runs on Windows and Mac, documents which programmes and websites are visited on a computer. A fee-based version goes further, listing how much time is spent on individual documents.Both versions can provide eye-openers. As an added feature, the programme allows a Focus Time function, which blocks certain activities for set periods.Freelancers who work at home can do themselves a favour by having separate computers for work and leisure, no real problem with today's hardware prices. That's another way to take control of the information flood.--DPA", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408790", "title": "Encroachments atop Chamundi Hill to be cleared", "text": "MYSORE: Encroachments are not restricted to Mysore alone. On Saturday, district minister S A Ramdas unearthed encroachment of prime areas around Sri Chamundeshwari Temple atop Chamundi Hills and ordered a probe.The minister directed DC P S Vastrad to appoint an official to conduct the probe. ZP deputy secretary has been ordered to seize the documents at Chamundi Hills Gram Panchayat. After inspecting the premises of the temple, Ramdas inspected illegally constructed houses and the encroached land.\"Serious action will be taken against officers after the probe,\" he said, adding that unauthorized constructions will be razed.Shops situated near the temple will be shifted to 8.14 acres of land identified near the bus stand and Rs 2 crore is deposited for land acquisition, said Ramdas. Ticket counters and office will be shifted out of the temple to a nearby place and shelters will soon be built to facilitate smooth flow of devotees, he added.Apart from employees of temple, some unauthorized persons are entering the temple to misuse rice and other food items. CCTV footage of 30 days will be viewed and action will be initiated, he said.He also inspected Rajarajeshwari government guesthouse, situated at atop the hill, and ordered an inquiry against the authorities there for allegedly not maintaining occupancy records properly and for denying rooms for a corporator from Bangalore and to other devotees on December 31 and on January 1, despite the availability of rooms. Earlier, he visited Devikere, a lake in Chamundi Hill, and directed the officers not to allow people to wash clothes and bathe cattle in the lake to avoid pollution. However when Ramdas visited Jwalamuki Temple in Uttanahalli village, situated at the foot of Chamundi Hill, Basavaraju, president of Hosundi GP and some villagers urged the minister to seek permission from them before taking up development works there.Ramdas said that for the development of Jwalamukhi Temple, 19 acres and 24 guntas of government land around the temple has been identified. It will be developed at a cost of Rs 80 lakh.In view of increasing tourists and vehicular movements between Chamundeshwari Temple and a road junction which leads to Nandi Temple, will be made a four-lane road. The work on to lay 1.5-km stretch will begin soon, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11407119", "title": "Parole jumper in net after 11 years", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch has nabbed a murder convict after he jumped parole 11 years ago. Dinesh Deshbhratar, convicted to life imprisonment in 1991 in a murder case at Jaripatka in 1989, was released on parole in 2000. Deshbhratar fled to Bangalore from where he was nabbed and brought to city on Saturday.Police said that Deshbhratar had started a fabrication shop at Bangalore where he was residing and called himself Nilesh.It is learnt that there are around 37 such parole jumpers in the district whom police now aim to round up. Deshbhratar has now been sent back to Nagpur jail. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11408639", "title": "800cr realty deal in works near Lilavati", "text": "MUMBAI: Real estate company Oberoi Realty is in advanced talks with a consortium led by Om Metals for a Rs 800 crore development project at Bandra Reclamation. About 2 lakh sq ft of the 6-lakh-sq-ft plot near Lilavati Hospital will be available for a high-end residential project after rebuilding of transit camps and rehabilitation of slum dwellers who occupy much of the land now.An industry expert said the developers could make a profit of around Rs 300 crore, considering that the apartments fetch a rate of Rs 30,000 per sq ft.Oberoi Realty declined to comment but Om Metals confirmed they were in talks with the developer.\"We are yet to settle the negotiation terms,\" said Rajat Patel, a consortium partner. He said they are awaiting a revised letter of intent from the Slum Rehabilitation Authority, the body that controls slum redevelopment. \"In the LoI issued in 2008, we had to rehabilitate slum dwellers free of cost in 225 sq ft flats. Now, the flat size has increased to 269 sq ft and this has to reflect in the LoI,'' he said.Om Metals Consortium won the redevelopment rights with a highest bid of Rs 107 crore to jointly redevelop existing transit camps and adjoining slums spread on land owned by the Maharashtra Housing Area Development Authority (Mhada) at Bandra Reclamation. Of approximately 26,000 sq mt of land, slums occupied 8051 sq mt while the transit camp with 400 flats was spread across approximately 18,344 sq mt.\"When the LoI was issued in 2008, Mhada had declared 180 eligible slum hutments. The number has since increased to approximately 230 hutments,\" said Patel.In addition to paying the premium, the agreement says the consortium will construct new transit camps, hand over 750 flats of 225 sq ft to Mhada for use to rehab slum dwellers, build a municipal market of 10,000 to 12,000 sq ft and, lastly, a small garden measuring approximately 2,000 sq ft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406821", "title": "GVK-govt standoff derails \u2018108\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: A standoff between the state government and the GVK Group over payment of dues to the latter has crippled the 108 ambulance services with almost 250 vehicles staying off the roads for want of diesel. With the state government insisting that the group must repay its dues first and the operator maintaining that it cannot buy diesel unless the state pays up the monthly dues, it is the common citizen who is suffering.The 108 GVK EMRI (Emergency Management and Research Institute) services handles police, medical and fire emergencies through its ambulances. The GVK Group took over the 108 services in 2009 after Byyraju Foundation belonging to B Ramalinga Raju was replaced owing to Satyam scam. Of the 11 states that GVK EMRI operates, it has 802 ambulances in Andhra Pradesh out of which only 558 vehicles are operating on the roads due to lack of diesel.The GVK Group wrote a letter to the state government about 10 days ago seeking the release of Rs 2.83 crore for purchasing diesel for its vehicles. As per the second MOU signed between the two in October 2011, the state should pay the GVK Group Rs 95,000 per ambulance per month as its operational cost. Earlier, it was Rs 1.18 lakh per month. The new MOU also hiked the state's payment of operational cost from the earlier 95% to 100%.The health department had earlier extracted Rs 10 crore as past dues from the GVK Group. To repeated pleas from the group that the money be returned, the state has been maintaining that it can be done only after the audit of the EMRI service is conducted.The last audit was conducted in 2009 and the state has now written to the Comptroller and Auditor General to undertake a fresh one.\"The stand-off is that the state is saying it will make the payment only after the audit is conducted, while the GVK Group wants the money immediately,\" said sources.On its part, the state is claiming that it has already paid the GVK Group Rs 6 crore dues. In the last three years from 2009 to 2011, the state says it has paid Rs 15 crore per year.\"Thus, the GVK Group has to return Rs 45 crore to the state government,\" health minister D L Ravindra Reddy told STOI. \"When EMRI representative Krishnamraju came to me a few days ago with a request to release Rs 2.83 crore so that diesel can be purchased for operating the ambulances, I was shocked,\" the minister said.The health department is also charging the GVK Group with not implementing the service-level stipulations as agreed upon in the October, 2011 MOU.The stipulations were that the EMRI should attend to an average number of 30,000 calls per day, that the total average number of emergencies to be attended per day should be 3,200, which includes 200 pregnancy related cases.The other additional services agreed upon in the MOU included dropping back of post-natal women, providing special vehicles such as jeeps for hilly areas, providing the vehicle tracking system to all the 108 ambulances for online tracking, providing new medical equipment to the ambulances with Rs.2.65 crore, replacing 650 ambulances with new ambulances in the next five years and refurbishing the 440 ambulances at a cost of Rs.74.72 crore.As per the MoU, the government can reduce the amount payable to the company if it fails to adhere to the service level parameters, said a health department official. GVK officials do not agree with this contention of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11407803", "title": "Squad visits 5 offices, house of Churchill on code violation plaint", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa collectorate's flying squad visited the five offices of PWD minister Churchill Alemao on Saturday evening on a complaint that appointment letters to government jobs were being distributed at one of them. The squad however found all the offices-located at Varca, Navelim, Dicarpale and Rumdamol-Davorlim-closed.The team then rushed to Alemao's Varca residence but found nothing suggestive of a violation of the code of conduct. Alemao was not present in the house at the time of the inspection and the squad was told that the minister was in Delhi, sources said.Sources elaborated that the office of the state's chief electoral officer received the complaint and forwarded the same to the South Goa collectorate for necessary action. Deputy collector Dashrath Redkar conducted the inspections along with a team of Maina Curtorim police.The collectorate also received a complaint on Saturday that cans of petrol were being filled at a petrol pump at Verna and were being transported in a car allegedly in violation of the code. Redkar said Verna police were asked to verify the complaint. \"Police inquiries revealed that the car in question belonged to a reputed automobile dealership company and that the fuel was being carried in the car to service a broken-down car,\" Redkar told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406777", "title": "Worker dies in mishap", "text": "PATNA: One Sattan Sahni was killed on the spot while a contractor, Harendra Rai, sustained minor injuries when the two-wheeler they were riding was hit by a truck on the New Bypass Road under the Kankarbagh police station on Saturday.Police said that Sattan, a native of Tisiauta in Vaishali district, was going on a motorcycle with Rai. A truck hit the bike from behind and Sattan fell on the ground. The truck crushed him to death and the driver sped away with the vehicle. On getting information, Kankarbagh police reached the spot and sent the body to PMCH for autopsy. Efforts were on to trace the truck, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "11406039", "title": "Miscreants kill petrol pump cashier, loot Rs 3.5 lakh", "text": "GORAKHPUR: Three bike-borne, armed miscreants shot dead a person and injured another after looting Rs 3.5 lakh from them on the Rapti Bridge in the district on Thursday evening.The deceased was Shiv Gopal Mishra (55), while the injured was identified as Munnalal Maurya (50).Both were cashiers at a petrol pump in Nausad area.They were going to deposit the cash of the petrol pump at the main branch of Union Bank on Bank Road, Gorakhpur, on January 5 evening, when they were intercepted by the miscreants. On getting information, the police reached the spot and recovered a 9mm pistol magazine with five bullets.The marriage of Shiv Gopal's son is scheduled in January last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11407785", "title": "Cops assaulted during excise raids in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Three police personnel, including the inspector in-charge of Gangapur police station, were injured when villagers of Ganjam's Landajuali allegedly attacked them on Friday evening.Villagers have snatched away the motorcycle of the inspector-in-charge Dinabandhu Behera and damaged the front glass and headlights of the police vehicle. The cops were faced with the angry villagers during excise raids in the village, said sub-divisional police officer (Bhanjanagar) S C Jamadar. \"Immediately, we rushed to the village along with forces and rescued all policemen. Four villagers were arrested,\" the SDPO said. Police are on a look out for other persons involved in the attack. The situation in the village is under control now, police added.In another development, nine persons, including three women, were arrested from Bhanjanagar in connection with illegal manufacturing and trading of country-made liquor. While around 1,265 litres of country-made liquor was seized, a huge quantity was destroyed in the joint raid conducted by police and excise personnel at different places in the town, IIC of Bhanjanagar R.Ch Thumb said. Police and excise officials have launched joint raids to crack down on illegal-run country-made liquor.An illegally run country-made liquor manufacturing unit was unearthed at Rugumu within Aska police station limits in a joint raid conducted by police and excise personnel recently. At least 17 persons, including eight women, were arrested from there for their involvement in manufacturing country liquor. Huge quantities of country-made liquor seized from there, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11413540", "title": "No politics for me as of now: Raju Srivastav", "text": "\"No politics for me as of now. Politics se bahut dar lagta hai,\" claims the comedian Raju Srivastava on his recent visit to the sangam city, where he had come perform at a private function, adding \"Although, a number of people want me to campaign during the upcoming elections for their parties and have even approached me for that purpose, I have not said yes to anyone so far.Mujhe lagta ki raajneeti ke liye mai sahi aadmi nahi hun, mai comedy achchi karta hun aur usi pe focus karna chahiye.\"Not many know that Raju's father belongs to Allahabad and he feels quite happy every time he is asked to come down to the sangam city. \"I have a number of relatives who live in Allahabad so basically coming down here is like going back to your own home town. Mai to is jagah ko itna like karta hun ki saare waqt isi ki baat karta hun. Kabhi kabhi to log socte hain ki I belong to this place,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408422", "title": "Tracing the best kolam", "text": "Homemaker Saraswathi K does it twice a day without fail. But on Saturday, Saraswathi's hands shook as she joined 100 other participants in an attempt to create the best traditional kolam at a contest organised as part of the ongoing Mylapore festival.\"This is my first time at a contest. But I finished the kolam in 10 minutes as I am used to putting them in front of my house daily,\" said Saraswathi from Mylapore.As she finished recreating the design she put on North Mada Street on a piece of paper to be submitted to the organisers, this road near the Kapaleeswarar temple was filled with intricate patterns. The participants readied the ground with a quick splash of water and put in place grid patterns consisting of dots. They were joined by even lines and neat squiggles that were filled with lamps, musical instruments, flowers. Within an hour, the participants finished putting the designs to create elaborate temple cars and elegant abstracts.\"Every year the contestants create new designs. This year, I like the one with curvy lines as they are really difficult to make,\" said Aniigeetha K, a class VIII student, who kept checking the patterns from her house nearby.As the street filled with passers-by, the participants continued unmindful of the crowd of onlookers, trinket sellers and photographers. \"This year we had 101 participants on Saturday and the best 15 kolams will get prizes,\" said Sharadha Kumar, an organiser. The contest will be held on Sunday also. \"More than 100 people have registered with us. Prizes will be given to best kolams tomorrow also,\" she said.The aim is to appreciate the traditional art of kolam making. \"Anyone can participate but they have to create kolams in white and not add colours,\" said Kumar.Soon, Chantal Jumel from France, who is writing a book on kolams, joined families and the horde of photographers who had descended to capture the celebration of local culture. \"It is nice to meet the participants and the crowd. There are two authors who have written books on kolams. But I am really excited to see the kolams,\" said Jumel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11407479", "title": "Seers threaten struggle against Made Snana", "text": "BANGALORE: A convention of seers from the Veerashaiva and Vokkaliga communities and OBCs on Saturday adopted a unanimous resolution demanding that the government, during the legislature session beginning January 30, ban the Made Made Snana ritual. It also demanded setting up of a committee of experts from various walks of life to study superstitious practices in the state and recommend appropriate action. \"If the government ignores our demands, we'll take it as a challenge and are ready for an intensive struggle,'' the resolution stated.Veerabhadra Channamalla Swami of Nidumamidi Mahasamsthana Mutt and Manavadharma Peeta, who chaired the meet, said: \"This is to protect human dignity. It is to oppose obnoxious values and to bring in progressive change.''The participants were unanimous in their demand. \"Just because it is a 500-year-old ritual, should it be allowed to continue? Higher education minister VS Acharya, Pejawar Mutt pontiff Vishwesha Theertha and Dharmadhikari of Sri Dharmasthala Kshetra Veerendra Heggade came in for criticism at the conventionThontada Siddalinga Mahaswami of Yediyur Sri Thontadarya Mahasamsthana Mutt, Gadag-Dambala, sought action against not only those who encourage it, but also against those who take part in it. \"Dakshina Kannada is a literate district comprising a large number of Brahmins. So cleanliness should be the attribute of the people and the region. It makes me wonder about people defending the ritual - it's unpardonable. The statements of Veerendra Heggade, Pejawar Mutt pontiff and VS Acharya are unacceptable. The government should take action against those who practise it and those who encourage it,'' he statedVeerabhadra Channamalla Swami said: \"Most religious leaders prefer the status quo and don't support progressive thinking. People seek change, but they have come to believe that religious leaders are not interested in social reform. This needs to change.'''Ban this ritual'The ritual is promoted as a cure to skin diseases. If that's so, why should the government have hospitals, doctors and a health department? I suggest it close down hospitals and build more such temples and promote the practice. The government terms it an issue of belief. If that logic is applied, then practices like 'bettale seve' (nude worship), sati and child marriage too are related to belief. The government is propagating superstition. Instead of such talk, it should immediately ban Made Made Snana.-- Sri Panditaradya Shivacharya Mahaswami of Sri Mutt, Sanehalli", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11410767", "title": "Diary of a single girl", "text": "'The gossip was more delicious than the food'I am getting a little tired of people abusing me for pouring my heart out on this blog. Why? The girls don't have a problem with the life I am leading. They seem to have a problem with my writing about it. I don't understand why. I value my privacy and therefore, it is an anonymous blog. But why are these women acting like my mother? She is the only one allowed to approve or disapprove my lifestyle. My older bro of course, acts like a member of the Taliban and wants to lock me indoors.If I was in Iran or the interiors of North India, I am sure a male member of extended family would've killed me, and people would've read about the honour killing in the papers the next morning. Or maybe it would've never been reported. I hear that a majority of such cases are not reported. I was reading a piece last month about an Iranian father who shot his three daughters aged 7, 12 and 19 with a Kalashnikov, and filmed it. Saw the video on the net. It is so disturbing. This guy, Mahmoud felt that his daughters had taken embarrassing decisions, making him feel ashamed. He waited until his wife went away to a friend's wedding before he shot them. If that is good enough reason to kill someone, I am really hoping my dad never reads that piece. I shouldn't joke about this. I am lucky to be born in a country where I have some rights. That's why I love Bombay. Yes, I will call it that forever. It will never be Mumbai for me. This city just lets me be. I can do as I please. Live alone, wear what I want, go where I please, date who I like, and hail a cab at 4 am from any corner and reach home without worrying about my safety. Unlike Delhi, where the chances of my getting raped and killed are higher than those of reaching home safely.Which is why whenever I am in Delhi, I make sure someone fetches me to and from the airport, and I don't go out after dark. Which is restricting. And given that I am currently dating my ex-beau's older brother, chances are he wants me dead, so I choose never to be alone to avoid an ugly scene in public. Beau, me and a society bird did lunch two days ago in a new hotspot in the capital, and I must say that the gossip I got from there was far more delicious than the food. I heard about this former actress who is having an affair with her best friend's husband. How a top actor's wife, who is originally from Delhi, has smartly cultivated friends with husbands who own private planes, so that she and her gang of friends can hop on whenever they fancy. Talk about being materialistic! And her own husband can afford to buy a plane. It costs a lot less than their London mansion, 'palace' in Dubai and other assorted property around the world. Well, you know what they say: money can buy you stuff, it cannot buy you class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11408221", "title": "Rajasthan to have four solar parks: Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Buoyed by the allocation of 873 megawatt to Rajasthan by the Centre under the National Solar Mission phase -1 out of the 1100 mw, the state is planning to develop four solar parks of 1,000 mw capacity with a thrust on equipment manufacturing.Speaking at the solar energy session on the first day of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas -2012, chief minister Ashok Gehlot said, \"Solar parks of 1,000 mw capacity will be set up in Jodhpur, Jaisalmer, Bikaner and Barmer. These enclaves will consist of various zones for activities like manufacturing, research and development, and training.\"He said 722 companies have so far registered for setting up of solar power projects, with a cumulative capacity of 16,900 mw. Including the projects already registered and the additional projects proposed, the sector is expected to attract investments to the tune of Rs 16,000 crores, he added.Gehlot further said Rajasthan enjoys many advantages in solar energy generation with abundant land availability, availability of solar radiation at 6-7 kWh/m2 and availability of raw material used in the solar energy sector - zinc, molten salt and solar glass.Union minister for new &amp; renewable energy Farooq Abdullah, the chief guest of the occasion, drew attention to the need for research and development to give a push to the sector. \"Investment and research in solar energy sector is a must as renewable energy can help preserve the global ecological balance,\" he said. He appealed to the overseas Indian diaspora to look at investments in generating capacities and R&D; and added that the sector offers good potential for profits.Praising the efforts of government of Rajasthan on renewable energy, Abdullah said Rajasthan has huge potential for solar energy. Solar energy is already playing a vital role in Ladakh in street lighting, illustrating the solar energy potential of the deserts.Vayalar Ravi , Union minister for overseas Indian affairs, said energy is the real force behind any development. He highlighted the advantages of solar energy especially in satisfying the basic requirements of rural India, generating employment opportunities and preventing migration to the cities.Deepak Puri, co-chairman of CII national committee on renewable energy, and &amp; chairman, Moser Baer India, pointed out that 60% of rural households in India do not have access to electricity he urged for innovative models such as pay-per-use model and community charging to make solar energy popular and available to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406895", "title": "Police face problem of plenty", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Police's district units, hitherto grappling with shortage of force, now face sort of problem of plenty with the arrival of 4,000-odd newly-recruited constables and scheduled arrival of another 8,000 of them.The constables, recruited in two lots by the Bihar Police Constable Recruitment Board, have started reporting to the district of their posting after completion of training. Most of the districts' Police Lines, where policemen are housed, are infamous as congested spaces where policemen lead life in subhuman conditions. The fresh recruits would add not only to the numbers but also to the woes of Police Lines.The fresh recruitments have been made as per the sanctioned strength. But 4,000 constables are equal to 40 battalions. How big this is a figure can be gauged from the fact that the state has only 16 battalions of its Bihar Military Police.DGP Abhayanand said the police HQ was seized with the gigantic task. So far the district police units were handling the problem through makeshift management. \"Now I plan to constitute units on the pattern of central police organizations where different units comprising of, say, 60 to 65 policemen do different jobs at a time,\" he said.With the formation of such units, the force, particularly the district armed police, would be better managed, the DGP said and added the different units would be trained simultaneously. While one unit will be trained in riot control (on the pattern of Rapid Action Force), another will undergo commando training. Yet another unit will be engaged in training in soft skills, including civil policing. All this would be done in the districts.It would indeed be a testing time for the police HQ if it recruits 45,000 constables by the end of 2015 as per the wish of CM Nitish Kumar who wants to bring the public-police ratio in the state on a par with the national average.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11410073", "title": "Anna Hazare discharged from hospital", "text": "PUNE: Anna Hazare has been discharged from hospital and is returning to his native village Ralegan Siddhi to take rest.The doctors have advised him at least a month's rest.Speaking to reporters, Anna Hazare said that he was better but felt a little weak.He refused to take questions on the anti-corruption movement, and said that he will speak only after he recovers completely.But the anti-corruption crusader stressed that his fight for a strong Lokpal Bill will continue.The social activist was admitted to Sancheti hospital in Pune on December 31 after he suffered chest infection and weakness.Hazare suffered high fever while he was sitting on three-day fast in Mumbai forcing him to abandon his protest mid-way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406912", "title": "BMC poll budget 55% higher than '07", "text": "MUMBAI: If you have ever wondered how exactly the election process takes place, a look at the budget allocation could give an idea of what exactly goes on behind the scenes before and during the BMC polls.The BMC has a budget of over Rs 31 crore set aside for the elections this time around, which is about 55% more than the money budgeted in 2007. Overall, the money is meant to be used for the organization, management and bureaucratic conduct of the polls. The civic body has already utilized about Rs 7 crore of that money.Officials said that the election budget almost never gets underutilized. In 2007, the budgetary allocation was Rs 20 crore, and the money was fully used up by the end of the election. In 2002, it was the same story with about Rs 15 crore budgeted and spent during the election.Some of the specific heads under which the money is spent include election allowances for officials, communications expenses, printing of paper, hiring Electronic Voting Machines, costs on voting day and so on.The most money (Rs 28 crore) will be spent on actual programme expenses, such as the expenditures at poll booths etc (Rs 15 crore), printing of electoral rolls (Rs 93 lakh), printing of ballot papers (Rs 1 lakh), vehicle hire charges (Rs 50 lakh), contingencies (Rs 90 lakh) and temporary establishment (Rs 10 crore).According to the budgeting, nearly Rs 3 crore will cover the administrative expenses, such as telephone, mobile phone, postage, stationery, printing and travel costs. Also included are subscriptions to magazines, newspapers and periodicals, and so on.Another Rs 48 lakh is expected to be spent on establishment costs, such as paying various kinds of allowances and salaries to officials who are on election duty.\"We have already used about Rs 7 crore. The actual expenditure will start in a few more days and the entire budget will be utilized. That has been the trend in the past elections,\" said deputy municipal commissioner S S Shinde.THE VOTE BANKPROGRAMME EXPENSES | Rs 27.88 croreExpenditures at poll booths etc, printing of electoral rolls, printing of ballot papers, vehicle hire charges, contingencies, temporary establishment costs, etcADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES | Rs 2.98 croreLandlines, mobile phones, postage, stationery, printing, travel, subscriptions to magazines, newspapers and periodicals, etcESTABLISHMENT EXPENSES | Rs 48.47 lakhPaying allowances and salaries to officials, etcTOTAL: Rs 31.34 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407324", "title": "Artists plan rally to protest 'culture scam'", "text": "KOLKATA: Renowned artists and sculptors in the city will come together on January 10 to demand punitive action against those responsible for faking Tagore paintings for an exhibition held last March. More than 50 artists and thousands of citizens are expected to gather at Metro Channel seeking \"an end to the cultural scam\" that has put the state to shame. The meet is being organized under the banner of Calcutta Art Forum.\"Let all artists, intellectuals and Kolkatans pray to the government to take active steps and identify the culprits through a proper inquiry. Those responsible should be exposed and penalized for using public money to exploit Tagore's works at an age-old, government institution,\" said a statement issued by the forum. Artists like Asit Paul, Anil Sen, Rajrishi Mukherjee, Chandan Roy and Ashok Kumar Dey will take part in the meet.In March, 2011, the Government College of Art and Craft had organized an exhibition of 23 Tagore paintings. A section of art-lovers and artists had alleged that many of the works were fake. A PIL had been filed at Calcutta high court asking the Archaeological Survey of India to analyse the paintings.A committee of experts appointed by the ASI carried out a scientific and stylistic analysis and concluded that 20 of the 23 paintings were fakes.\"This is an assault on the cultural sensibilities of the people of Bengal. It's also a dangerous trend that has to be curbed. We appeal to all right-thinking people to come together and condemn this. We also appeal before the court to award an exemplary punishment to those found guilty,\" said Debashish Dhar, a painter and member of the Calcutta Art Forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11408253", "title": "Haryana in no mood to buy more", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With domestic, industrial and rural consumers facing long blackouts, the worst fears of cash-stapped distribution companies are coming true these days.Dysfunctional power generation units at Khedar, Yamunanagar and Panipat have added to the woes of consumers, even as authorities in the power department have expressed inability to purchase power from outside the grid due to poor financial position of the distribution companies -- Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN).Enquiries revealed that accumulated losses of UHBVN and DHBVN as on March, 2010 were Rs 3,690.63 crore and 1,894.10 crore respectively while total net borrowings of these companies stood at Rs 7,981.12 crore and Rs 7,287.5 crore respectively.Losses of this year, which include arrears worth Rs 3,700 crore, will push the situation from bad to worse. The state is getting a supply of 850 to 900 LU (lakh units) against the requirement of nearly 1,200 LU, sources said.Once considered to be favorite cities with people, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Bhiwani, Hisar, Ambala and Kurukehtra are now among places where consumers are the worst hit, they added. \"We are trying to manage the situation with available resources. Since there is no peak load due to AC or other equipment, the situation is very much within control. Of course, we are not in a position to buy power at higher rates. We are hopeful of improvement in the situation once our the 600 MW unit at Khedar and two units of 110 MW each at Panipat become operational by Sunday evening,'' Haryana power minister Ajay Singh Yadav said.\"Despite these problems, we have been able to provide a minimum of 17 hours' power supply to industry and urban consumers,\" he added. During the past one fortnight, there was hardly any day when Panipat thermal plant, having seven units of 110 MW each, worked to full capacity. Four units tripped on Thursday, but before they could be made functional, two more units tripped on Saturday morning. Both the units were expected to be operational by Monday.One unit of 300 MW Yamunanangar plant is closed since September while the Khedar unit is under repair for the past fortnight. \"Khedar unit is likely to be synchronized after maintenance works latest by Sunday night. While one unit of Panipat would be operational by Sunday morning, the other may take two more days,'' Anurag Aggarwal, managing director of Haryana Power Generation Corporation Ltd (HPGCL) said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11406494", "title": "'Let me be in darkness if no power for Valley'", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah on Saturday ordered officials to disconnect power supply to his official residence in Srinagar to feel like \"a common man'' as most parts of the Valley were plunged into darkness due to heavy snowfall.There has been a lot of public resentment over power crisis in the Valley over the last few weeks. An 18-year-old boy was killed when Central Industrial Security Force personnel fired at a group of protesters protesting power crisis in North Kashmir's Baramulla district on Monday. Two others, including a 70-year-old man, were also injured in the shootout.The CM's order came after he saw uninterrupted power supply to his neighborhood in Srinagar while the rest of the city suffered power cuts. He was told that it was a norm to ensure uninterrupted power supply to VVIP areas, as he flew from the winter capital of Jammu to take stock of the situation.The CM spends six winter months in Jammu, as the capital shifts there from Srinagar -- the summer capital -- in November.\"I along with government functionaries rushed to assess the situation after the snowfall and found smooth power supply in the area where my official house is located. Besides ensuring that the supply would be restored to the Valley within 24 hours, I told officials to cut power supply to my house till then,\" Omar told TOI. ``It was to express solidarity with the common people.''Sources said the explanation that power supply is always ensured to VVIP enraged the CM when he inquired about power supply to his residence.Power development commissioner Manzoor Ahmad Saloora said the present power failure is temporary and the supply will be restored by Sunday afternoon. \"We have ensured power supply to hospitals and other important installation after getting the supply from Gas Turbine and Uri grid,\" Saloora said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11407214", "title": "Protest over anti-encroachment drive", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Tension prevailed at Master Zahrul Hasan in Mumfordgunj on Saturday morning when the anti-encroachment squad of Allahabad Municipal Corporation demolished the boundary wall of a temple near Bharat Scouts and Guide School as a part of the ongoing drive to remove illegal constructions on drains.Locals first tried to resist the team along with the temple priest and later staged a road blockade. Traffic was brought to a standstill as the crowd blocked movement of vehicles on the road raising slogans against the AMC officials.Local leaders including the Bharatiya Janata Party candidate from City North Uday Bhan Karvariya also reached the spot and questioned the action of the civic authorities.Later, Colonelgunj police arrived at the spot and pacified the people.Earlier, AMC team led by zonal officer Mayank Yadav and Piyush Mohiley demolished encroachments on drains at Master Zahrul Hasan Road upto the vegetable market in Katra. They faced resistance from locals but the presence of a large posse of police prevented the situation from taking ugly turn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408742", "title": "Man sets 19-year-old pregnant wife ablaze", "text": "MYSORE: A 19-year-old pregnant woman, Reshma, was set ablaze allegedly by her husband near Yarahalli village in HD Kote taluk on Friday. She suffered severe burns and is now battling for life in Krishnarajendra Hospital.The accused, Siddiq, a bike mechanic, married Reshma a year ago. \"At the time of the wedding, we had given dowry to Siddiq,\" said Anwar Saab, Reshma's father.However, Siddiq and his family kept harassing Reshma for more money, alleged Anwar. According to Anwar, Siddiq was given Rs 50,000 and 60 gm of gold during the wedding. Reshma and Siddiq are natives of Yarahalli. HD Kote police have arrested Siddiq and his relatives Iqbal, Wasim, Salim, and Nazia Banu on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406865", "title": "Premier institute in an erstwhile opium godown", "text": "PATNA: History is always fascinating. More so if it relates to academics. Otherwise, who would believe today that the site of an opium godown and a Dutch factory would house a premier institution of higher education.Patna College, a constituent unit of Patna University (PU), which is celebrating its 150th Foundation Day on Monday, was started and has grown on its present site since 1863. The central portion of the main building was an old Dutch factory of the 17th century, and it was used as the local collectorate when the senior classes of the college were transferred here from Patna City in February, 1863.The western wing of the college was added in 1871, and the eastern in 1880. The portico and the present BA Lecture Theatre were constructed in 1882, and the latter was connected with the main building by the long western corridor named after principal Ewbank. The extension scheme of Patna College was the earliest to take shape in 1905, even before that of the Presidency College, Kolkata. Hostels and quarters for the principal and professors were constructed, lands acquired and the gymnasium were set up.New laboratories (occupying the site of present Iqbal Hostel) were completed in 1913-14. The college common room was constructed in 1925-26 and the gymnasium in 1928. Rebuilding and restorative work after the 1934 earthquake was completed in 1935 and the debris was utilized in raising and beautifying the river bank. In 1942, principal Batheja rearranged the building accommodation according to function. The college building has already been declared to be a heritage site by the Archeological Survey of India.Patna College principal Lalkeshwar Prasad Singh said efforts were being made to get all the wings of the college renovated during its 150th anniversary. Wilson Rose Garden, Batheja Mandap, Jackson Hostel and Minto Hostel, all named after great principals of this college, would be given a facelift. The state government has been approached for necessary funds for the purpose, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11415882", "title": "JVM to grill Munda on home turf", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With organizational set-up of the party steadily gaining ground in the three districts of Kolhan division, the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM) has unveiled a multi-phased agitational programme apparently to grill chief minister Arjun Munda on his home turf.Announcing a series of agitations planned by the party in the 14 assembly seats of the Kolhan division, comprising Seraikela Kharswan, East and West Singhbhum districts, the party on Sunday said the hollow development programmes of the Munda government would be exposed during the proposed agitations beginning January 23.The party has announced 24-hour economic blockade in Kolhan on January 23 against the state government's ineffective approach on the resumption of night train service on the Tatanagar-Kharagpur section of Howrah-Mumbai line.\"The state government has merely paid lip service to the demands of the people regarding the resumption of the night train service. We hold the Munda government equally responsible along with the Centre in the prolonged delay in the resumption of the train service. The 24-hour economic blocked agitation will expose the state government on this matter,\" Abhay Singh, secretary (central committee), JVM.Taking a dig at the present dispensation, the JVM leader said the progress of all three drinking water projects in Jugsalai, Mango and Birsanagar was in limbo.\"The Jugsalai water project that was officially inaugurated on November 15 last year amid fanfare is still waiting for the release of water to the water taps in the households in Jugsalai municipal area. Just imagine the hollow development claims of the government,\" said Singh.He said on March 18 party president Babulal Marandi would address Parivartan Rally here to explain the people of Munda's home town about the hollow development programmes carried out by the government. \"We have called it Parivartan Rally because the party president will explain the people about the hollow development programmes of the government and seek their support to dislodge the corrupt government,\" said Singh adding that the former chief minister would address more such rallies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406953", "title": "BJP didn't do well in recent polls: Khadse", "text": "MUMBAI: The leader of the opposition in the Maharashtra legislative assembly, Eknath Khadse, on Saturday said that the BJP did not perform as expected in the recently-concluded municipal council polls. Talking to reporters, Khadse said that even though the party did well in terms of the percentage of votes and number of seats, the outcome was not as expected.\"At tomorrow's (Sunday's) meeting in the presence of the party chief Nitin Gadkari and senior leader Venkaiah Naidu , discussions will be held regarding why the party did not perform as expected,\" he said. Khadse added that a resolution on urbanization and its challenges would be passed.Khadse criticized the state government for making populist announcements on the eve of the enforcement of the election code of conduct. \"The government did not feel like taking welfare initiatives for rural people,\" he also said.Apart from 10 municipal corporations, elections will be held in 27 zilla parishads (ZP) as well. The seat-sharing talks for the ZP and municipal pollsare 85% complete and a formal announcement will be made next week, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11407154", "title": "NU prof files complaint against 'govt official'", "text": "NAGPUR: A senior professor and author, posted as head of department of Ambedkar Thoughts in RTM Nagpur University, lodged a complaint at Rana Pratap Nagar police station against a man who is likely to hold a senior position in a Central government department for an alleged fraud on Saturday.Rana Pratap Nagar police registered an offence of cheating under section 420 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) against Arvind Sontakke for duping Pradeep Aglawe to the tune of 3.96 lakhs on the pretext of ensuring posting of seven candidates as probationary officers in the Reserve Bank of India.Aglawe said, Sontakke assured him to use his 'high profile' contacts as a senior official to ensure postings. Sontakke then demanded 35,000 to be deposited by each candidate in an account number that he gave Aglawe. Sontakke was not reachable when TOI tried to contact him. A senior officer said, cops are yet to find Sontakke's real identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406736", "title": "Autorickshaw fire: 2 kids suffer burns", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two children suffered severe burns when the LPG kit in an autorickshaw caught fire, at Hayathnagar's Lakshminagar, on Saturday.Vanasthalipuram police said that 11-year-old N Puja was playing in her father Shankar's auto along with cousin N Deepika, aged five, when, all of a sudden, the LPG gas kit in the vehicle started leaking.According to Vanasthalipuram SI K Bhaskar Rao, sparks from roadside hearths, where some locals were cooking food, set off the fire. The children have been shifted to a private hospital where they are undergoing treatment for 40% burns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11407346", "title": "Siolim carpenter committed suicide: Police", "text": "Mapusa: Initial inquiry into the death of 38-year-old Umesh Chari from Marna-Siolim has revealed that it was a case of suicide, police said.Police said that a diary maintained by the deceased reveals that he committed suicide by shooting himself after succumbing to mental pressure.Chari was found dead about 150m away from his Igreja Vaddo residence at 8.30am on January 5 with a gunshot mark on his chest, a licensed rifle lying next to his body and a live cartridge in his shirt pocket. Anjuna police had conducted the inquest and seized the rifle, while an expert was summoned to trace the fingerprints on the rifle.Police said that Chari was self-employed, owning a carpentry workshop and was undergoing counselling since 2001.Chari maintained a personal diary since November 2011, which the police recovered. The diary suggests that he was under mental pressure and the police suppose that this problem led him to take the extreme step.Chari's diary has a paragraph where he mentions he had undertaken an order and was not able to deliver it in time, rendering him upset over it.'You are disappointed because I was not able to finish the job in time. However, you please don't blame my assistant Maruti, you keep continue giving job orders to him,' Chari wrote.The diary further mentions that his workshop and business should be taken over by his assistant Maruti Chari.'Take over my business and take care of my mother and sister. Get married and live happily. Happy new year,' Umesh wrote to Maruti, who had recently left for his native village in Karnataka for his engagements.The autopsy report stated that the cause of death was 'shock due to gunshot injury to vital organ' mentioning injuries in the heart and lungs.Police said the two-bore single barrel gun, which was found at the site, was under the glare of the sun and the fingerprints on it were not clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407494", "title": "City riot accused in custody, finally", "text": "KOLKATA: Police took exactly two months to round up Jagannath Jha, the prime accused in the Bhowanipore rioting case where a group of hooligans attacked police and ransacked the local police station. He has been remanded in police custody till January 10.The arrest is significant because four accused were released from the police lock-up without any case being registered against them soon after chief minister Mamata Banerjee reached the spot and stormed into the police station on that night.On November 6, police lathicharged on an immersion procession taken out by a Bhowanipore club after the club members allegedly attacked them. The incident occurred after they refused to obey police order and burst banned crackers. Mamata Banerjee's appeal for peace finally controlled the situation.Ten persons were injured in the clash. The police intervention, however, sparked a brawl with hundreds of local youths confronting cops with bricks and bottles, leaving six police officers injured. The mob chased cops to the Bhowanipore police station and allegedly went on a rampage after police retaliated.The chief minister, meanwhile, walked into the police station and \"pacified\" nearly a 1,000-strong mob. Senior police officers, including city police chief R K Pachnanda, had rushed to the spot.The inquiry report of senior officers accused cops at Bhowanipore police station of \"pro-active\" policing in the incident and action was taken against them. Though police identified Jha and 15 other accused (all Trinamool Congress supporters, incidentally), none were arrested. Jha is known as a local rowdy and is close to one of Mamata's brothers. Police claimed he had fled to Giridih in Jharkhand after the incident.Police faced criticism after they apparently failed to round up the miscreants. Finally, Jha was picked up on Saturday morning from his Rani Shankari Lane home and booked for rioting, assault on police and damaging government property. Investigators claimed that other accused would be rounded up soon.In another case, cops of Park Street police station arrested dreaded criminal Mohammad Firoze, alias Lyangra Firoze, from Royd Street late on Friday. Police claimed Firoze is a close associate of jailed central Kolkata don Gabbar. Accused in three murder cases, Firoze was released from jail after serving a 10-year sentence. According to police sources, he was making an attempt to reactivate Gabbar's extortion network and started threatening some realtors and building material suppliers. \"An improvised revolver and ammunition have been found from his possession,\" said DP Singh, DC South.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408690", "title": "Rs 12 lakh burgled from Axis Bank ATM in Najafgarh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Burglars struck at an ATM of a private bank in the Najafgarh area of southwest Delhi on Thursday night, decamping with Rs 12.38 lakh.Police claimed that the entire operation was \"professionally\" executed, indicating that the accused knew well about the functioning of ATMs. Initial investigations have found that the CCTV cameras at the Axis Bank ATM were damaged so that cops could not get a clear image of the burglars.The police also found that the guard at another ATM, belonging to a public sector bank, heard the \"commotion\" next door but did not bother after the noise stopped after sometime. The targeted ATM did not have any guard posted outside it.\"We have contacted the agency which handled the ATM for the bank. We found the accused knew which wires to cut and exactly which tools to use to make the breakthrough. Thus, it seems it was planned well in advance and a recce, too, must have been conducted. The police are investigating the case and waiting for the agencies to provide whatever CCTV footage could be salvaged. We are in constant touch with the bank. A list of all men who are working with the agency or have recently quit their job is being prepared ,\" said DCP (southwest) A K Ojha.Cops are also investigating if these burglars have any link with another gang operating from south Delhi in September last year. A man was arrested from Sriniwas Puri in south Delhi while he was trying to steal cash worth Rs 8.24 lakh from an ATM there.The accused, Kuldeep Gupta , has already confessed. Gupta , who used to load the ICICI Bank ATM, was caught after a complaint for a loss of Rs 8.24 lakh from the same ATM was lodged by Retd Col J S Sekhon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11407351", "title": "Saligao locals up in arms over petrol pump", "text": "MAPUSA: Saligao villagers have opposed the construction of a petrol pump near the Mae de Deus Church in the village.According to villagers, the petrol pump is coming up less than 100m from the church and is close to a Hindu crematorium. They fear that fires can break out when cremation ceremonies take place and crackers are lit to mark religious occasions at the church.On Saturday, villagers along with Father Dominic Sequeira and local MLA Dilip Parulekar addressed a large gathering of locals and appealed to authorities to take action and immediately keep the ongoing work in abeyance till the project is scrapped. The villagers also wanted concerned authorities to inspect the site.As the church is a heritage building and a notified monument of historic and athestic importance as specified in the Goa Land Development and Building Construction Regulations, 2010, no activity like setting up of a petrol pump can be allowed within the radius of 100 meters from the church.\"We are not against the petrol pump, it is needed in Saligao but at a different place. Here, we object to it for safety reasons,\" said Diago Fernandes a villager.Besides, locals say that there is heavy traffic and even accidents on the stretch of road from Mae de Deus church up to the turn near the Florentine restaurant. \"This stretch of road is a death trap and setting up the petrol pump will only worsen the problem,\" said Sequeira.At the Saligao gram sabha meeting held on April 24, 2005, a resolution was passed unanimously not to allow a petrol pump at the site.\"They bent rules, director of panchayat overruled the resolution of the panchayat and in violation of rules, the government has allowed the construction of the petrol pump, it should be cancelled,\" Sequeira said.\"No permission has been given by the panchayat for the project. Besides, panchayat has not granted occupancy certificate. As per wishes of the locals, the panchayat also opposed the project,\" said sarpanch Lucas Remedious. Parulekar, who also extended support to the people, said, \"Government should scrap the project if it endangers the life of people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406779", "title": "Make city a jannat, mayor urged", "text": "HYDERABAD: \"You have got an opportunity to serve citizens of the city. Utilize it and make the city a 'jannat' (paradise). The mayor's post is not for making money as some previous occupants assumed it to be,\" was the advice to GHMC mayor Mohd Majid Hussain by a caller during the Face-to-Face programme organized by the corporation here on Saturday.The Face-to-Face is held by the GHMC on the first Saturday of every month in which the mayor and officials of various departments field calls from people on their grievances and petitions.The caller to the mayor did not introduce himself. Other callers, while congratulating him on his being elected mayor, at a young age, urged him to concentrate on improving civic amenities. The mayor received their remarks and suggestions politely.One of the 12 callers, Jameel from Syednagar from Ahmednagar division, which is being represented by the mayor himself, asked him to expedite the road work in his area.Majid Hussain said he would inspect the site on Sunday at 9 am.The caller also brought the issue of water problem to which the mayor said he would release funds for the same from the MPLAD funds.One Om Prakash Jain from Old City said the traffic police while harassing the devotees for parking their vehicles outside Bhagya Laxmi temple at Charminar were being indulgent towards those doing the same thing at Mecca Masjid.The mayor said the problem would be solved once the multi-level parking at Khilwath was ready.Other callers brought to the young mayor's notice alleged unauthorized constructions and encroachment of government land in various localities and asked the officials to initiate action.About 11 people responded to the Face-to-Face programme and personally submitted their petitions. GHMC special commissioner Navin Mittal, district revenue officers of Hyderabad and Rangareddy districts and other officials attended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407349", "title": "Rail traffic remains affected", "text": "LUCKNOW: Fog continues to affect the movement of trains from Lucknow. On Friday, several trains were running late. Lucknow-New Delhi Shatabdi Express arrived late by more than two hours at Charbagh station.The train also departed late by about half an hour. The other trains to New Delhi, which were running late, were Malda town-Delhi Farakka Express, Lucknow-New Delhi Gomti Express, Kanpur-New Delhi Shatabdi Express, Gorakhpur-New Delhi Gorakdham Express, Pratapgarh-Delhi Padmavat Express, Jaynagar-Delhi Shaheed Express, Varanasi-New Delhi Shivganga Express, Allahabad-New Delhi Prayagraj Express, Allahabad-New Delhi Duronto Express, Meerut City-Allahabad Sangam Express and Barauni-New Delhi Vaishali Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11407122", "title": "Dera head trial: Hearing adjourned as witness fails to turn up", "text": "SIRSA: Hearing in the Chatrapati murder case, where Dera Sacha Sauda head Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh is a prime accused, was deferred till January 21 as the investigating officer failed appear before the court and also the summons sent to Khatta Singh, driver of the dera head, returned unserved.Heavy police arrangements were made in and around the court premises when the dera head reached there on Saturday for the trial through video conferencing with the CBI court at Panchkula.As the proceedings began, the CBI judge asked for Vijay Kumar, currently a deputy superintendent of police, for recording of evidence in the case pertaining to the murder of Ram Chander Chatrapati, a journalist who was allegedly shot by followers of Dera Sacha Sauda at his residence on October 24, 2002. Vijay Kumar was in charge of Khairpur police station at that time and had carried out the investigations in the case. He was also the investigating officer who carried out the inquest when Chatrapati succumbed to injuries on November 21, 2002.Meanwhile, taking up the hearing of the trial into the sadhvi's exploitation case against dera head, the CBI court fixed January 14 as the next date of hearing. The court also issued fresh summons for Khatta Singh, who has turned an approver in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11408200", "title": "'Verification of domestic help, employees mandatory'", "text": "JAIPUR: The city residents will now have to verify the credentials of their domestic help, drivers, personal employees, salesmen and security guards with the police before hiring them. Commissioner of police BL Soni has invoked section 144 of IPC warning legal action against those who don't follow the directive.Several crimes involving domestic help and other personal employees have been reported in the city in the recent past, Soni said. \"Majority of the employees had not been verified with the police which was a setback in the investigation. Had they been verified, the crime would not have happened,\" Soni added.He added before hiring them, the residents will have to furnish information like their photo, identification documents, information regarding prior employment, address proof, names of his/her family members and their contact numbers.The officer said those not complying will be punishable under section 188 of IPC.The directive comes close on heels of murder of an 85-year-old woman and her servant by her domestic help in the Malviya Nagar police station area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406729", "title": "Cong seeks quota for minorities in state", "text": "PATNA: State Congress president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Qaiser has reiterated his demand that the Nitish Kumar government provide 4.5% sub-quota for backward minorities within the BC quota in state educational institutions and government jobs as has been done by the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre.While agreeing that some backward minorities are covered under the state government's quota policy, he said that was not enough to ensure adequate representation of backward minorities in educational institutions and government jobs. \"Backward minorities are not able to compete with other backward communities covered under the quota. Hence, just as Most Backward Castes have been given a sub-quota, minorities should be given 4.5% quota,\" he said.This could be done by an executive order, and no new law will have to be enacted for the purpose, he said and lamented that the Bihar government had turned a deaf ear to the party's demand. \"If the state government doesn't concede the demand soon, Congress will launch a stir across the state,\" he said.Highlighting the rationale behind a separate sub-quota for minorities, Qaiser quoted the Sachar Committee report to point out that minorities constituted 14.5% of the population but their representation in central civil services was 2.81% and in other central services only 2.51%. \"Just as Dhobi, Pasi, Tanti and Rangrez castes among Hindus are getting the quota benefit, these castes among minorities should be given reservation to improve their lot,\" the Congress leader said.He regretted CM Kumar's remark that it would cause social tension and divide people. Qaiser also accused the state government of being cold on the issue of minorities. \"Urdu Academy's budget has been reduced by the state government this year and promotion of Urdu, too, is being ignored,\" he alleged.The Centre has launched special schemes for the uplift of minorities in those districts where they constituted at least 25% of the population, Qaiser said and alleged the schemes hadn't made much headway in the seven Bihar districts selected for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11407134", "title": "Rains lash Punjab, Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Heavy rains lashed several parts of Punjab even as there was a significant increase in the minimum temperature in the region, met officials said.Intermittent rainfall occurred in Amritsar where the minimum temperature settled at 6.8 degree Celsius. With weather remaining clouded for most part of the day, the temperature was up four notches from Friday.Ludhiana and Patiala, which also witnessed heavy downpour, recorded 11.2 deg C, up by five points, and 10.8 deg C, up five notches, respectively.Elsewhere, Mukerian received 76.4 mm rainfall, Madhopur received 60 mm and Shahpur Kandi received 45.4 mm, met officials said. Cold winds, accompanied by heavy downpour, made people in Chandigarh shiver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408264", "title": "Desai ni Pol vaults ahead with revamp blueprint", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Homes painted in a shade of ivory, the windowpanes in dark brown; internal roads paved with rough granite and vintage lamps lighting them up at dusk. This is a not plan for some upcoming housing complex. It is the blueprint to restore Desai ni Pol - one of the oldest housing complexes in the city - to its original glory.Effectively, this would be the first pol to get a facelift with the help of residents as the city marches towards becoming India's first Unesco World Heritage City. It can also become a model for restoring other pols in the city.Members of Desai ni Pol Yuvak Mandal, restoration expert and professor of architecture from Cept University Rajesh Desai and Kishore and Bharat Zaveri of Zaveri and Company who are funding the restoration, met recently and worked out the plans.Zaveri said, \"The plan also includes detailed suggestions to mend the pol's exterior, paving the roads, renovating the two entry gates and adding cattle traps to keep stray animals out.\"Dr Hemant Bhatt of the Yuvak Mandal said, \"A brief history of the seven havelis in the pol, which have a rich past, will be inscribed in stone in front on them. This would help a visitor understand the value of the heritage structure.\"\"Some of Ahmedabad's best known people have their ancestral havelis in Desai ni Pol, which are also important architectural specimens. A short history of the people who lived in these havelis would be highlighted, which would be placed in front of them,\" said Dr Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11414407", "title": "Letter writing contest held", "text": "PATNA: Today in the era of Internet that has replaced traditional post cards and letter writing, to revive the old medium of communication - letters, postal department organized a 'Letter writing day' at the Patna GPO on Sunday.More than 1,200 students up to the age group of 15 years from 32 schools of the city, including St Karen's' High School, Don Bosco Academy, Sambodhi School of Excellence, Patna Central School and Kendriya Vidyalaya, participated in the letter-writing competition.The participants were asked to write a letter to a sportsman detailing what Olympic and Olympiad meant to them. \"Similar competition has already been organized in Muzaffarpur and within a month it would be organized in various other districts of the state too,\" said Anil Kumar, director marketing, postal department.Kumar told TOI that the winners of the competition would be announced within a fortnight and state winner would represent Bihar at the national-level round of the competition to be held on the occasion of 'World Post Day' on October 9.The national winner of the letter writing competition would represent the country at the international level of the competition. This competition is being organized by the Universal Postal Union (UPU) that celebrates 'World Post Day' every on October 9, as this is the anniversary of the establishment UPU in 1974. UPU has as many as 218 member countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407510", "title": "Artists plan rally to protest 'culture scam'", "text": "KOLKATA: Renowned artists and sculptors in the city will come together on January 10 to demand punitive action against those responsible for faking Tagore paintings for an exhibition held last March. More than 50 artists and thousands of citizens are expected to gather at Metro Channel seeking \"an end to the cultural scam\" that has put the state to shame. The meet is being organized under the banner of Calcutta Art Forum.\"Let all artists, intellectuals and Kolkatans pray to the government to take active steps and identify the culprits through a proper inquiry. Those responsible should be exposed and penalized for using public money to exploit Tagore's works at an age-old, government institution,\" said a statement issued by the Forum . Artists like Asit Paul, Anil Sen, Rajrishi Mukherjee, Chandan Roy and Ashok Kumar Dey will take part in the meet.In March, 2011, the Government College of Art and Craft had organized an exhibition of 23 Tagore paintings. A section of art-lovers and artists had alleged that many of the works were fake. A PIL had been filed at Calcutta high court asking the Archaeological Survey of India to analyse the paintings.A committee of experts appointed by the ASI carried out a scientific and stylistic analysis and concluded that 20 of the 23 paintings were fakes.\"This is an assault on the cultural sensibilities of the people of Bengal. It's also a dangerous trend that has to be curbed. We appeal to all right-thinking people to come together and condemn this. We also appeal before the court to award an exemplary punishment to those found guilty,\" said Debashish Dhar, a painter and member of the Calcutta Art Forum.Fake tagore paintingsLet all artists, intellectuals and Kolkatans pray to the government to take active steps and identify the culprits through a proper inquiryA statement from Calcutta Art Forum", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11414819", "title": "Man falls to death from fourth floor apartment", "text": "COIMBATORE: A trainee manager at a private bank here fell to his death from a four-storeyed apartment in the city today, police said.The watchman of the apartment in Avarampalayam noticed someone falling at around 3.30am and found him lying in a poll of blood, they said.The watchman informed the man's wife and some others in the apartment, who rushed him to a hospital, but he succumbed en route.Investigation was on to ascertain the exact reason for the man's death, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11408733", "title": "District administration drafts list of sensitive areas", "text": "NOIDA: As the date for Assembly elections inches closer, the Gautambudh Nagar district administration has stepped-up measures to ensure fair and glitch-free polls. While sector magistrates and booth-level officers have been directed to conduct physical verification and mapping of polling booths, following a meeting headed by district magistrate Hirdesh Kumar on Friday, the administration has begun compiling a list of the sensitive polling booths and potential grey areas that will be paid special attention.Three video surveillance teams and 12 static surveillance teams will be formed to keep a watch on all party candidates, their movements and expenditure and ensure that they adhere to the model code of conduct. The teams will coordinate with the police, the income tax and excise departments to monitor the activities of candidates regarding use of illegal means to influence voters.Officials said that over 2,000 staff members of Noida Authority will be roped in to assist the district administration with the poll procedure.The entire district has been divided into 19 zones comprising a total of 88 sectors and each sector will be monitored by a sector magistrate. The administration is currently finalizing the list of these sector magistrates. The district will have a total of 447 polling centres and 928 poll booths of which 284 booths will be in Noida.Meanwhile, the district magistrate will issue the notification for entering nominations on February 2. The last date of filing nomination papers is February 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408626", "title": "He sold smuggled liquor to hotels, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: You might be paying through the nose for a drink at a five-star hotel but if cops are to be believed, the imported liquor served to you could have been smuggled in and bought for peanuts.The police have nabbed a businessman from East of Kailash who allegedly supplied such liquor to five-star hotels and farmhouses in a high-end car. Liquor bottles and Rs 3.5 lakh in cash have been recovered from the accused, Mukesh Kumar.\"On January 6, the cops were checking vehicles at a picket when they received a tip-off about a high-profile bootlegger. A trap was set near IIPM College. Around 10.30pm, the cops flagged down a brandnew Hyundai Verna . The occupant , instead of stopping, tried to flee. Anil Sharma, the station in charge, acted swiftly and cornered the vehicle after a brief chase. A search yielded 32 bottles of imported liquor and Rs 3.5 lakh in cash,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south).The accused told police that he used to procure expensive liquor from one Ajay who would meet him at Rajiv Chowk in Gurgaon. He would then supply the liquor to night clubs in five-star hotels and at parties.On January 6, he was going to deliver the liquor after clinching a deal with one Arun Verma near Sultanpur Metro station. The accused said he had got the cash after a recent deal. He said he made a handsome amount by supplying the liquor and had recently purchased the car for transporting the liquor.Mukesh Kumar is well-educated and fluent in English, police said. He took to crime to maintain his lavish lifestyle and make quick money. He had been supplying smuggled liquor for the past several months, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11407453", "title": "Give something new, the eyes will follow", "text": "One of the biggest fears (or should we say alibis) of contemporary directors is the audience's receptive powers. Is there any audience out there that will accept cutting edge fare? What if the movie doesn't get a distribution chain in Bengal? How will the producer get back his money? These are oft-repeated questions in front of directors who fall short of giving a free reign to their thoughts.Director Bappaditya Bandopadhyay feels that though there might be an underground audience for alternative cinema, people rarely want to buy tickets and watch these movies in theatres. \"A \"Sthaniya Sambaad\" may be appreciated in the festival circuit but the man on the street isn't bothered to find out about the movie. May be, five years down the line, this film will be discussed by many without it having got a proper screening in Kolkata when it was released. It had happened earlier too with \"Komol Gandhar\", \"Tero Nodir Pare\" and \"Ajantrik\".\"So, is it truly a fact that there isn't an audience for avant-garde cinema in Bengal? Says Pradipta Bhattacharyya, whose \"Bakita Byaktigato\" is about a man's search for a partner and is partly in a documentary style, \"If India has a population of 1.2 billion, people with my kind of tastes would make up for 0.1 per cent. Even this 0.1 per cent is a huge figure when it comes to viewership.\"That's an interesting calculation for the optimists and gives a new spin to the viewership debate. Director Moinak Biswas says that finding audience for this kind of cinema only in Bengal is not the right way since people don't watch movies only in theatres. Internet streaming, DVDs have good viewerships. There is a big space for independent documentaries in India. \"Our films are screened at festivals and referred to in teaching courses abroad. That is the audience one needs to target. \"Gandu\" did exactly that and despite not being released, it already has such a big global audience,\" Moinak says.Says Subrata Sen, whose \"Nil Nirjane\" was India's first digital film and didn't have any compulssions of having a narrative, \"If an \"LSD\" and \"Dev.D\" can do well in Kolkata, why can't Bengali experimental movies also fare well if they are released properly? We need to accept that Kolkata has such an audience.\"Ask Madhuja Mukherjee about the audience of her film and she says it's important to understand that most of this kind of cinema is made on very low budgets and recovering their costs is not difficult. \"Once Adoor Gopalakrishnan told me that none of his films have fared badly in terms of economics. It's rather the big budget movies that run the risk of loses. I feel, it's important to reach a consensus on how we will understand good cinema. Repeating the existing form doesn't excite anyone. If there is space for a Chetan Bhagat and an Amitav Ghosh to co-exist, why should we not have space for alternative cinema? It's about finding a niche market the way \"Gandu\" has. If I am asked where would my film be shown, I'd say that I'm thinking of a series of screenings in different places and a DVD release. For me, a DVD is like a book - something to keep,\" Madhuja says.Ashoke Viswanathan feels there is an audience out there waiting to consume alternative cinema. \"Since audiences are aware of the stylistic, technical and contextual innovations in post-modern cinema, there is a healthy curiosity regarding experimentation in the wake of television becoming quite enthusiastic about world cinema,\" Ashoke says.That is also what egged Sekhar Das to make his next film, \"Ekti Rahosya Golpo\" starring Rituparna Sengupta , Raima Sen , Payel and Debdut. \"I have experimented with the idiom of cinema with dealing with extra-sensory perceptions. I am certain there is an audience for this kind of original films. It all depends on what route I take to reach out to the people,\" Sekhar says.The belief in the existence of this audience is what has propelled Rii and Q to make \"Gandu\". \"The audience is always hungry. We made \"Gandu\" just the way we had conceived it. It's classical and yet bizarre. Luckily, people have liked it and that reinforces our belief in the fact that the audience is ready for everything. I've completed a film called \"Cosmic Sex\" that is based on a dangerous subject. It's simple yet complicated and deals with a confident woman who is a guru. If the film gets censored, we will like to release it in Kolkata.\"Q, on his part, says, \"When we are talking experimental cinema, we are not necessarily looking for large audience to recover the costs. There is a different kind of financing involved in my type of cinema. We go for pre-funding of a film.\"The final word comes from Mrinal Sen. \"I have made enough movies and, now, I want to be a good watcher. My films have mostly been popular failures and yet, I continued. I too wanted popularity but when I didn't get that, I started making movies that were not expensive and slowly created a wider minority spectator base. At the Kolkata Film Festival, I watched Terence Malick's \"Tree of Life\" and called up the Cannes Film Festival director to appreciate the work. I liked Goutam Ghose's \"Moner Manush\" but am eagerly waiting to watch movies like \"TOL\" being made here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11409143", "title": "Three killed in road accidents", "text": "BANGALORE: Rajeev Mallesh from Hassan died on the spot after he accidentally fell on the road and a BMTC bus ran over him at KS Layout on Saturday morning. His father Mallesh came from Hassan and took the body for the last rites.In another case, Lakshman Mathur Sukhur , a 49-year-old daily wage worker, was crushed to death when the driver of a cement-mix truck reversed the vehicle near Baglur Cross near Yelahanka on the Bangalore-Bellary road late Friday night. The native of Jarkhand was working at the Baglur underpass. The driver abandoned the truck and fled the scene.Ramesh alias Ramappa, a 32-year-old painter died on the spot after a BMTC bus mowed him down near Goraguntepalya on the Bangalore-Tumkur highway early Saturday morning. He was riding pillion with Ravikumar when the accident happened. The Penya resident was returning from a temple when the tragedy occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11406976", "title": "Newly married couple commits suicide after tiff", "text": "KANPUR: A newly married couple, Santosh and Anita, committed suicide by jumping in front of a goods train at Shyam Nagar railway crossing, under the jurisdiction of Chakeri police, on Friday night.The Chakeri police was informed about the incident by the authorities of Chandari railway station. The police found severed bodies lying near the railway tracks. The bodies were shifted to the mortuary.Santosh, working as a manager in private insurance company, was a resident of Rampuram in Shyam Nagar area of Chakeri. His wife Anita was preparing for PCS examinations and about to leave for Haridwar with her brother-in-law. Santosh and Anita got married on November 21, 2011 and leading a happy life, the family members said.On Friday night, at around 8 pm, the two had entered into an altercation and left the house without informing anyone. When the family members found the duo missing , they launched a frantic search.The Chakeri police informed the family members about the incident. They rushed to the site and identified the bodies as that of Santosh and Anita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11414387", "title": "Tibetan monk opts for fire death; China accuses him of stealing and whoring", "text": "BEIJING: China has confirmed two more Tibetan monks have committed self-immolation resulting in the death of one of them in the southwest Sichuan province on Friday.One of them, an 18-year old monk, died while the other monk, 22, is being treated in a hospital in Aba Country, the scene of more than a dozen cases of self-immolation by monks, and a nun, in recent months.The official media quoted a government-run think-tank as saying those indulging in self-immolation were former monks, who had been found to be involved in several cases of wrongdoing including stealing and whoring. The dead monk had stolen the statue of Buddha at the Kirti Monastery, it said.This is a new form of accusation against monks, who had earlier been accused of anti-national and anti-social activities.Investigations by local officials showed that the former monks, as the State-run Xinhua News Agency described them, had clashed with local authorities in recent months. It did not explain why they has lost their status as monks, but it is possible that pro-government forces in the Kirti Monastery in Aba Country, had removed them for anti-government behavior.Xinhua also quoted a spokesperson of the local government as saying that the injured man had \"confessed that they had conspired the two self-immolation incidents\". This monk, aged 22, set himself ablaze at around 1 pm Friday at a crossroad in Aba county in the Aba Tibetan-Qiang Autonomous Prefecture. Police rushed to put the fire out and sent him to a local hospital, said a spokesman for the County's government, it said.There was no explanation why 'former monks' who had fallen for the pleasures of money and flesh would opt for the painful fire death.Gang said the Dalai Lama clique had instigated and enticed them to commit self-immolations, taking advantage of their wish to wash away their sins and humiliation. Xinhua also quoted an expert at another center of Tibetlogy, Yi Fei, as saying that the Dalai Lama was trying to use the cases of self-immolation to serve his political purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407810", "title": "SHS released funds overlooking rules", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government's confidence in several construction agencies made it ignore the rulebooks. An example of this overconfidence, sources said, has been documented in a report prepared by the Comptroller and Auditor General's team looking into the National Rural Health Mission programme and fund anomalies.\"The State Health Society (SHS) released excess advance which amounts to violation of norms,\" sources told TOI. Incidentally, one of the eight FIRs lodged by the CBI in NRHM scam is related to the SHS, which is NRHM's apex executive body. The auditors reportedly found that SHS released funds to director general, family welfare, for onward transfer to construction agencies.Sample this: The director general (family welfare) (DGFW) and Processing and Construction Cooperative Federation (PACCFED) signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for construction of 2,300 sub- centres and 30 warehouses having an estimated cost of Rs 203 crore. As per the MoU, the DGFW should have released 75% money of the standard estimate after signing the agreement and the remaining 25% after receiving utilisation certificates for a minimum of 50% of the funds released and on submission of work-wise estimates.However, the DGFW sanctioned 100% funds in August, September and December without obtaining detailed estimates and utilisation certificates. The SHS, through DGFW, gave 100% releases to Construction and Design Services (CDS), UP Jal Nigam for construction of community health centres worth Rs 38 crore approximately in the financial year 2009. Here too, funds were to be released in a phased manner on fulfilment of certain conditions like signing of agreement, submission of sanction estimates and utilisation certificates.Sources also revealed that family welfare directorate ignored a condition related to 'imposition of penalty for delay in completion of work'. This resulted in a loss of Rs 22 crore to the State Health Society. The SHS's attitude was damaging to the UP government as well. \"The CAG's draft report is believed to have pointed out that the SHS didn't even bother to deduct value added tax before releasing the amount to the construction agencies resulting in loss to the tune of Rs 23.5 crore to the state exchequer,\" an official said.All this could have been ignored if the procedural overriding helped in improving health infrastructure in the state. But the gaps failed to work in the interest of the people in six years of the NRHM.The shortfall of rural health centres continued to range from 15-50% across categories. This happened despite UP giving immense importance to construction under NRHM. Sources revealed that CAG auditors examined 'delay in construction' after coming to know that UP's NRHM framework allowed expenditure up to 33% of the total NRHM outlay on construction to remove deficiencies in public health infrastructure.In case of sub-centres, construction work was underway in over 20% sub-centres, while it could not take off in about 15% of the sub-centres. And in places where the work was completed, the building was not handed over, which made it liable to be misused. The case of Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSY) wards is no better. The audit team conducted a joint inspection of 18 JSY wards and found that over 50% could not get operational on account of poor cleanliness, lack of water supply, storage facilities and electricity connections. The case of Kathwara PHC on Lucknow's outskirts may be quoted as an example.The work of strengthening existing health infrastructure was also far from achievement with shortfalls ranging from 55% to 85%. The CAG team believed that success on the count was a mission impossible with less than four months left for the mission to end. The health authorities however preferred to remain silent over the issue. When asked to comment, a senior health official said, \"Whatever we had to say, we have told the CAG team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "11405918", "title": "Mamata Banerjee dares Congress to pull out of state govt", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: The Congress-Trinamool Congress alliance continued with its downward spiral on Saturday as West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee challenged her ally the UPA lead player to walk out of the state coalition in the state and accused it her ally of working in league with her Marxist rivals.\"The Congress and CPM are working together. If Congress decides to work with the CPM, the door is open... Trinamool Congress won't be with it (Congress),\" Banerjee said in Kolkata.She said Trinamool had fought alone during the anti-land acquisition stir in Singur and Nandigram and can do so again. The Congress found it hard to swallow Banerjee's taunt, but while party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi did assert that the party will not be intimidated by any one, - either in states or the Centre - his approach was conciliatory. Resisting the temptation to lash back, Congress said coalition frictions would be resolved \"ultimately\".Meanwhile, And while Banerjee was taking on the Congress, the BJP said NDA's doors the National Democratic Alliance's doors had not been shut on Mamata, an offer Congress said was a bid to fish in troubled waters. However, BJP's comment added to the turbulence.While a breakpoint may not be imminent, the wobble in ties has created uncertainties and suspicions that can lead to accidents. The Trinamool leader's take-it-or-leave-it manner has left the Congress chafing and even more determined to reduce its dependence on its tempestuous ally once assembly polls in five states are out of the way.In her latest broadside, Banerjee charged that the Congress had \"trapped and tortured\" members of Trinamool's youth wing at a college and compared that act to CPM's strong-arm tactics in the past. \"This is how SFI established its hegemony,\" she said.And while Banerjee was taking on the Congress, the BJP said the National Democratic Alliance's doors had not been shut on the Trinamool. Congress promptly decried the comment as BJP's attempt to fish in troubled waters, but the BJP's comment only added to the turbulence.The war of words between the Congress and the Trinamool is escalating with efforts to douse tempers clearly not working. State Congress leaders are hitting out at Banerjee and this is leading to the mercurial leader landing counter punches on her ally leading to speculation that the alliance is fraying and beyond repair.The \"walk-out\" invitation held out by Banerjee is part of a fierce turf war that Trinamool insiders say is unlikely to subside. The Trinamool chief is keen to establish unchallenged dominance in West Bengal and wants to squeeze Congress out of the frame as any sort of \"third force\". Congress would have to accept a totally subservient situation in the Trinamool scheme of things.There is a view in the Congress that it might be wiser not to rise to the Trinamool bait, till the assembly polls in five states are over after which the UPA lead player hopes to add an ally like Samajwadi Party with 22 MPs to its ranks in the Lok Sabha. This would cushion the Congress against the Trinamool's tantrums and allow it some headroom on policy.Banerjee's aggression is also seen by some as premature as the state needs sustained assistance from the Centre to get over serious deficiencies in crucial governance areas. The state's fiscal health is precarious and a helping hand is much needed to set right the decades of neglect the CM has herself spoken on when referring to the Left rule.Yet, Banerjee is keen to ensure her writ runs in the state while the Centre too is vulnerable to her interventions. Her populist approach in opposing fuel hikes, foreign investment in multi-brand retail and the Teesta water agreement with Bangladesh present serious hurdles for UPA-II that is now keen to prepare for the 2014 parliamentary polls.Efforts to argue that Banerjee must concentrate on governance issues as she will be held increasingly accountable once the Left's tenure grows more distant have not made much of an impact with her so far. She remains in a combative mood with Marxists as well as her ally, seeking to emboss her seal on politics. Some feel that the winner-take-all approach does not sit at ease as political contexts, even in West Bengal, are not immune to change.Banerjee blamed Congress for the trouble at a South Dinajpur college on Friday. \"Let me tell you those who confined the college principal at Gangarampur in South Dinajpur, a day after the Raigunj incident, was led by a Congress councilor,\" she said.Leader of the Opposition and former CPM minister Surjya Kanta Mishra rubbished her allegation about an understanding with the Congress. \"It is a baseless charge. The Congress and the Trinamool Congress keep blaming each other as CPM's B team. Why isn't the Trinamool Congress pulling out of the UPA government at the Centre? I want to ask the CM about the person who surrendered to the Raigunj court on Saturday. He was the Trinamool's district working president,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11407969", "title": "Don't venture out after dark: EC tells candidates", "text": "IMPHAL: With seven militant outfits banning canvassing by Congress candidates, the Election Commission has issued an advisory asking poll nominees not to venture out after dark and remain alert all the time.\"We have issued advisories to all candidates contesting polls to remain extra careful and avoid going out after dark. They have been told to keep police informed about their activities,\" said state chief electoral officer (CEO) PC Lawmkunga. He added that the EC has instructed police to ensure that no harm is done to candidates and their party offices.Newly appointed state DGP, Ratnakar Baral said police are not taking the threat from underground organizations lightly. \"We have given clear instructions to our boys attached to the candidates to be ready for any type of emergency. Our task is to ensure a free, fair and peaceful election,\" he added.Manipur is surrounded by Nagaland in the north, Assam in the west, Mizoram in the south and Myanmar in the east. There are seven major militant groups active in the state - People's Liberation Army (PLA), United National Liberation Front (UNLF), People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak (Prepak), Kangleipak Communist Party (KCP), Kanglei Yaol Kanba Lup (KYKL), Manipur People's Liberation Front (MPLF) and the Revolutionary People's Front (RPF). All these outfits have their bases in Myanmar.The state, which goes to the polls on January 28, will see the biggest-ever deployment of security forces this time. Of 2,357 polling stations in 60 constituencies, the EC has categorized 872 as \"hyper-sensitive and 1, 325 \"sensitive\". The EC, besides sending 350 companies of central paramilitary forces, has also asked Assam, Nagaland and Mizoram to seal their borders with Manipur to check smuggling of illegal arms into the state. Apart from central forces, which will guard polling stations, personnel of Manipur Rifles and India Reserve Battalion will maintain law and order.Lawmkunga, said, \"The EC has requested the home ministry to direct Assam Rifles and Border Security Force to seal the international border and strengthen vigil. Likewise, the DGPs of Assam, Nagaland and Mizoram have also been asked to seal the inter-state borders.\"The DGP said 350 companies of central forces would start arriving in the state from January 10. \"This is the biggest deployment of security forces ever on election duty in the state. We need these personnel as it is a single-phase election,\" he said.Baral added that the entry points to the state have already been put under strict surveillance to prevent smuggling of illegal arms and liquor. He said nine persons have been arrested for carrying a lathod gun and lobbing a grenade in Imphal on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407416", "title": "Metro to stick to outdated third rail", "text": "KOLKATA: It's 2012 but the Metro Railway has not been able to run trains at four or even five-minute intervals during the peak hours. While the new automatic signalling system will be introduced soon, officials are not sure whether the frequency can be increased as the new air-conditioned rakes that joined the fleet are not performing as well as they should have. The reason is that these rakes were untested when they reached Kolkata from the Integral Coach Factory (ICF) near Chennai.\"The North-South Metro Railway corridor uses the third rail to draw power. This is a unique technology of sorts as very few metro systems use it. In our country, the Delhi Metro does not use this technology. Even the East-West Metro corridor in Kolkata won't have the third rail.As the third rail concept is unique, spares and replacements are hard to obtain. There are no test tracks (with a third rail) at ICF where the new rakes can be tested. They undergo trials only after reaching Kolkata. The Bangalore Metro uses the third rail technology but will not face problems with spares for the first few years,\" an official said.On Thursday, the third air-conditioned rake to join the Metro fleet developed a technical snag at the Netaji Bhavan station. Commuters had to be evacuated after smoke emission was spotted from the undercarriage. Though services were not disrupted for long, such incidents have got officials worried. They have to keep their fingers crossed on days when special services are run. The problems with the first air-conditioned rake that reached Kolkata (AC-I) are so severe that officials prefer to keep it stabled in the car shed unless there is a severe shortage of rakes.\"When AC-I arrived in Kolkata, we tried it out and discovered several problems. We brought these to the notice of ICF and asked them to make the necessary changes in the next rakes. However, all defects can't be ironed out till the rakes undergo trials. When the next rake arrived, some of the defects had been sorted out but there were other problems. The quality of the rakes is gradually improving as we keep sending feedbacks. But in this way, we will be saddled with several faulty rakes by the time we finally manage to get a rake that is perfect,\" the official said.The problem will not end once all orders for the North-South corridor have been met.Metro Railway has made it clear that all its new projects, including the Joka-BBD Bag stretch, Noapara-Baranagar-Dakshineswar link, Barrackpore stretch and New Garia-Airport-Barasat link will use the third rail technology. \"Records reveal that overhead tractions are more prone to damage and require more maintenance than third rail systems. Overhead traction also requires more space and is not very suitable for underground sections.We have now asked the Railway Board to lay a test track with a third rail at ICF to try out the new rakes before they are delivered,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408990", "title": "Experiments a gamble with audience", "text": "One of the biggest fears (or should we say alibis) of contemporary directors is the audience's receptive powers. Is there any audience out there that will accept cutting edge fare? What if the movie doesn't get a distribution chain in Bengal? How will the producer get back his money? These are oft-repeated questions in front of directors who fall short of giving a free reign to their thoughts.Director Bappaditya Bandopadhyay feels that though there might be an underground audience for alternative cinema, people rarely want to buy tickets and watch these movies in theatres. \"A 'Sthaniya Sambaad' may be appreciated in the festival circuit but the man on the street isn't bothered. May be, five years down the line, this film will be discussed by many without it having got a proper screening in Kolkata when it was released. It had happened earlier too with 'Komol Gandhar' , 'Tero Nodir Pare' and 'Ajantrik' .\"So, is it truly a fact that there isn't an audience for avant-garde cinema in Bengal? Says Pradipta Bhattacharyya, whose 'Bakita Byaktigato' is about a man's search for a partner and is partly in a documentary style, \"If India has a population of 1.2 billion, people with my kind of taste would make up for 0.1%. Even this 0.1% is a huge figure when it comes to viewership.\"That's an interesting calculation for the optimists and gives a new spin to the viewership debate. Director Moinak Biswas says that finding audience for this kind of cinema only in Bengal is not the right way since people don't watch movies only in theatres. Internet streaming, DVDs have good viewerships . There is a big space for independent documentaries in India . \"Our films are screened at festivals and referred to in teaching courses abroad. That is the audience one needs to target. 'Gandu' did exactly that and despite not being released, it already has such a big global audience,\" Moinak says.Says Subrata Sen, whose 'Nil Nirjane' was India's first digital film and didn't have any compulsions of having a narrative, \"If an 'LSD' and 'Dev.D' can do well in Kolkata, why can't Bengali experimental movies also fare well if they are released properly? We need to accept that Kolkata has such an audience.\"Ask Madhuja Mukherjee about the audience of her film and she says it's important to understand that most of this kind of cinema is made on very low budgets and recovering their costs is not difficult. \"Once Adoor Gopalakrishnan told me that none of his films have fared badly in terms of economics. It's rather the big budget movies that run the risk of loss. I feel, it's important to reach a consensus on how we will understand good cinema . Repeating the existing form doesn't excite anyone. If there is space for a Chetan Bhagat and an Amitav Ghosh to co-exist , why should we not have space for alternative cinema? It's about finding a niche market the way 'Gandu' has. If I am asked where would my film be shown, I'd say that I'm thinking of a series of screenings in different places and a DVD release. For me, a DVD is like a book - something to keep,\" Madhuja says.Ashoke Viswanathan feels there is an audience out there waiting to consume alternative cinema. \"Since audiences are aware of the stylistic, technical and contextual innovations in post-modern cinema , there is a healthy curiosity regarding experimentation in the wake of television becoming quite enthusiastic about world cinema,\" Ashoke says.That is also what egged Sekhar Das to make his next film, 'Ekti Rahosya Golpo' starring Rituparna Sengupta , Raima Sen , Payel and Debdut. \"I have experimented with the idiom of cinema with dealing with extra-sensory perceptions. I am certain there is an audience for this kind of original films. It all depends on what route I take to reach out to the people,\" Sekhar says. The belief in the existence of this audience is what propelled Rii and Q to make 'Gandu' .\"The audience is always hungry. We made 'Gandu' just the way we had conceived it. It's classical and yet bizarre. Luckily, people have liked it and that reinforces our belief in the fact that the audience is ready for everything. I've completed a film called 'Cosmic Sex' that is based on a dangerous subject. It's simple yet complicated and deals with a confident woman who is a guru. If the film gets censored, we will like to release it in Kolkata.\"Q says, \"When we are talking experimental cinema, we are not necessarily looking for large audience to recover the costs. There is a different kind of financing involved in my type of cinema. We go for pre-funding of a film.\"The final word comes from Mrinal Sen. \"I have made enough movies and, now, I want to be a good watcher. My films have mostly been popular failures and yet, I continued. I too wanted popularity but when I didn't get that, I started making movies that were not expensive and slowly created a wider minority spectator base. At the Kolkata Film Festival, I watched Terence Malick's 'Tree of Life' and called up the Cannes Film Festival director to appreciate the work. I liked Goutam Ghose's 'Moner Manush' but am eagerly waiting to watch movies like 'TOL' being made here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11407054", "title": "Med college issue creates rift in Chanda Congress", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The issue of medical college is creating a rift between Congress leaders in Chandrapur district. Irked over the denial of medical college for Chandrapur, ex-MP Naresh Puglia had alleged guardian minister (Congress) Sanjay Deotale of being puppet at the hands of administrative officers and criticized him for not being present at cabinet meeting when Chandrapur was sidelined in favour of Satara for setting of medical college.Puglia alleged Deotale had preferred to stay in Chandrapur to hold meeting of District Planning And Development Committee instead of going for the meeting in Mumbai which decided fate of four medical colleges allocated to state.Defending his stand to stay back, Deotale on Friday evening said that the district's development was given priority as implementation of development works, already on slow pace, has to overcome the constraints of code of conduct in the wake of forthcoming corporation and zilla parishad elections.\"There is a distinct difference between assurance and approval from the government for any project. Some people are making an issue sighting my absence in the cabinet meeting. Being the guardian minister I preferred staying in Chandrapur for approval of district draft plan for 2012-13, over cabinet meeting. Moreover, the approval for medical colleges in state was not actually on the agenda of cabinet meeting but must have come up on time,\" he explained.He accepted his shortcomings in this regard, but also criticized Puglia, without taking his name, for his bias attitude. \"When it comes to taking credit, people jump up to catch limelight. When Rs 250 crore was sanctioned for penta-centenary celebration of Chandrapur, no one gave me any credit. But, when it came to putting blames, I am made a scapegoat,\" Deotale said. He assured of continuing his efforts for getting a medical college here, in future.He also squarely denied the charges of playing puppet in the hands of administrative officers. \"I neither played puppet at the hands of others, nor did I make any puppet for me. I believe in coordinated working and take all the responsible people into confidence before taking decision,\" he said.On Friday, Prahar organization, led by president Pradeep Deshmukh, staged protest and submitted a memorandum to Deotale asking him to bring approval for medical college within a month or resign from post and join them in agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11407973", "title": "ID cards for bull tamers", "text": "MADURAI: The district administration has issued a stern warning to bull tamers not to harass the animals in the jallikattu arena.As part of efforts to ensure a smooth jallikattu, the district administration had decided to issue photo identity cards to bull tamers. This is the first time identity cards are being provided to participants to reign in the number of youth who get into the arena during events. Only those with identity cards and uniforms provided to them would be allowed into the arena. The participants have also been warned not to torture the beasts.Collector U Sagayam told the bull tamers and organisers during a training programme in Madurai on Saturday that those found indulging in activities like pulling the tail of bulls and injuring them would be severely dealt with. \"Particularly, no one should enter the arena in an inebriated state,\" Sagayam warned them.In the day-long training session, the bull tamers who had come from across the district were briefed on the Tamil Nadu Regulation of Jallikattu Act 2009 and the guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court for conduct of jallikattu.In fact, this is the first time such a training session is being held ahead of jallikattu season that is set to begin from Pongal. The district administration is extra cautious this year to prevent any torture to animals as well as loss of life and limb during jallikattu as the Tamil Nadu government has accorded permission even though the Centre had listed bulls as performing animals, thereby banning them from participating in jallikattu.\"There should not be even an iota of violation of norms. You should completely adhere to the norms and ensure the bulls are not ill-treated,\" he told the jallikattu organsiers and bull tamers.The district administration has accorded permission to conduct jallikattu at Avaniapuram, Palamedu and Alanganallur on January 15, 16 and 17 respectively.Unlike past years when a bunch of youth would pounce on the bulls simultaneously, the officials have instructed that only four persons should attempt to cling on the hump of the bulls at a time.P Rajasekaran, president of Tamizhaga Jallikattau Peravai, said the organisers have also briefed youth about the norms. \"The youth have assured us that they would not violate norms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11411568", "title": "Miffed over ticket distribution, RLD's Anuradha Chowdhury joins SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Annoyed over distribution of tickets for the upcoming Uttar Pradesh assembly elections, senior Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) member Anuradha Chowdhury has joined Samajwadi Party here. This is seen as a significant defection because Chowdhury was associated with RLD for the last 16 years.However, RLD chief Ajit Singh tried to play down his party members joining Samajwadi Party by reacting casually. He said, \"These things happen in politics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11407995", "title": "Class 8th boy hangs himself", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 14-year-old Class eighth student of Government High School, Sector 30, was found hanging from a ceiling fan in his house.Police said the deceased, identified as Shubham, had an altercation with his parents after he refused to go to school citing cold weather, but his parents forced him to attend the school.The incident took place around 8am when Shubham's three sisters were present in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11408470", "title": "8-yr-old alleges rape by 13-yr-old cousin", "text": "BHOPAL: In a complaint with the State Women's Commission (SWC), an eight-year-old girl told counsellors that she was repeatedly raped by her 13-year-old cousin, with her mother facilitating the act.The SWC sought the intervention of the Child Rights Commission and child counsellors on Saturday.The girl was brought in for counselling at Govindpura police station where child counsellors from Childline, an NGO working for children, had gone to talk to her at the behest of the SWC chairperson.There, much to the horror of the counsellors, the girl recounted how she was repeatedly raped by her maternal uncle's son, aged 13.Archana Sahay of the NGO said when the girl complained to her mother, she was told that it was \"normal\". She claimed her mother threatened to punish her if she uttered a word about the incident to anyone.\"The girl also said her mother would entertain unknown strangers and was involved in immoral activities herself,\" Sahay told TOI.She said, \"On Saturday, we went for a spot verification with the local police.\" The NGO would now send its report to the commission on Monday.The woman in question, married for 10 years had come to the city in October with the younger daughter while the elder one stayed back in Vidisha with her father. The girl recounted to her father how she was repeatedly raped by her cousin during the trips to the city with her mother.She was subsequently hospitalised for eight days with sexual injuries. Her father filed an FIR with the Govindpura police. A medical examination confirmed the act. The boy was arrested and later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411082", "title": "Emraan Hashmi to lead KJo's next", "text": "There was a time when an Emraan Hashmi film essentially meant Mahesh Bhatt. Or a dark subject. And of course, a lot of lovemaking.Though the lovemaking hasn't changed, Emraan has surely moved on from that banner. In fact, after \"Dil Toh Bachcha Hai Ji\" and \" The Dirty Picture\", it has been found that Emraan has collaborated with Karan Johar for his next production to be directed by Rensil D'Silva.A source close to the production house informed, \"After \"Kurbaan\", Rensil was supposed to make a film with Salman in the lead. However, with Salman's 2012 calendar chock-ablock with the projects he is currently filming, the filmmaker has decided to make another one in the meantime. This will have Emraan in the lead. The rest of the cast is being finalized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407235", "title": "Main suspect files plea to turn approver", "text": "PUNE: The main suspect in the army land scam, Haresh Virumal Milani (57), has once again approached the special court here, seeking to make him an approver in the case. Milani has claimed in his plea that the Central Bureau of Investigation had failed to conduct proper investigations in the case.Special judge D R Mahajan had, on December 27, rejected Milani's plea of making him an approver in the case, following objections from the CBI. Milani filed the second plea after the CBI filed a chargesheet against him and others on December 28. Milani was arrested on March 27, 2011, but was released on bail on May 2.Milani's plea claims that he is the lawful owner of the land at survey number 233 A in Lohegaon village as the same was transferred to him by a sale deed on June 14, 1980, by its erstwhile owner, Maria Veraidina Pinto, and others who had claimed to be the rightful owners of the property.According to the plea, co-suspect Sevak Ram Nayyar, defence estates officer (retd), allegedly forced Milani to enter into an agreement with Ramesh Gowani, chairman of M/s Kamala Mills, to develop the property. Milani claims that he had lodged complaints against those involved in the scam with the CBI, but was implicated in the case. His plea further states that Nayyar had received Rs 3 crore and not Rs 2 crore as mentioned in the chargesheet. The CBI should investigate what happened to the remaining Rs 1 crore. The plea further says that the chargesheet states that the land belongs to the defence, but the CBI had not produced any documents to prove that the land belongs to the defence.Milani has pleaded that he be made an approver in the case as he was ready to give additional evidence pertaining to the case. The court has directed the CBI to file its say on the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11414666", "title": "China offers sweet words as India send military delegation", "text": "BEIJING: The Chinese foreign ministry has responded to India's decision to send a military delegation to China with positive vibes and promises to \"make concerted efforts\" to improve relations with India in 2012.New Delhi's decision to send the military delegation has caused some surprises after Beijing refused to grant visa to a military officer born in Arunachal Pradesh to reinforce its ownership claim over the region.\"China hopes that the two sides will support each other and learn from each other, so as to push for better and faster development of the Sino-Indian strategic and cooperative partnership,\" the country's Assistant Foreign minister Liu Zhenmin said ringing in the New Year. He was apparently applauding New Delhi for realizing Beijing's difficulties in granting visa to an officer from Arunachal in view of its public claims over it.Liu's approach towards India appeared much different from the one displayed by the Communist Party-run Global Times, which recently said that the Indian Ministry of External Affairs was \"full of narrow nationalism\". It also blamed it for \"hyping\" up a trade dispute that saw two Indian traders being detained in the southern city of Yiwu.\"China hopes that the two sides will support each other and learn from each other, so as to push for better and faster development of the Sino-Indian strategic and cooperative partnership,\" Liu said. \"China hopes that the two sides will support each other and learn from each other, so as to push for better and faster development of the Sino-Indian strategic and cooperative partnership,\" he said.He talked about the \"growing momentum\" in the development of relationship between the two countries, which have \"established effective communication and coordination on significant international and regional issues\".\"A steadily growing Sino-Indian partnership will not only bring benefits to the two peoples, but it will also be conducive to promoting peace, stability and prosperity in Asia and the world at large,\" he opined. The year 2011 was an \"year of exchanges\", he said. It helped \"increase mutual understanding\", he claimed while citing the visit of a 500-member Indian youth delegation to Beijing.The first 11 months of 2011 saw a 21.8% rise in bilateral trade which reached $ 67.28 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11406643", "title": "Traders to boycott onion auctions from Monday", "text": "NASHIK: While onion prices are crashing after fresh arrivals of Kharif crop, traders in the wholesale markets in Nashik have decided to boycott auctions indefinitely from Monday. The traders are agitated over the state government's move to recover 35% levy (on things like weighment charges, handling, etc) from them. Earlier, traders who used to buy onions from farmers in the wholesale markets, used to recover the levy from the farmers.While the matter is pending in court, the district collector issued a directive on January 2 to tehsildars to recover the levy from traders or confiscate their properties.Annoyed with the directive, the traders have declared that they would not participate in the auctions from Monday. Nashik district traders' association chief, Sohanlal Bhandari, told reporters that the association had submitted a memorandum to tehsildars on the issue.In May 2010, when the farmers protested against the deduction of levy from their earnings, the government had decided that the traders should bear it. The traders had, then, boycotted auctions for about a fortnight and then the matter was taken to the court. The Niphad court had stayed the recovery of levy from traders.The traders' stir has come at a time when prices of onions are nose-diving thanks to the fresh arrivals. Wholesale average prices, which were hovering around Rs 500 per quintal, have fallen to around Rs 350 per quintal. Farmers have started agitating against the crashing prices and are demanding remunerative prices.The onions that are arriving in the markets are highly perishable with a shelf-life of less than three weeks, which compels farmers to sell the produce at whatever price it fetches.The boycott by traders would worsen the situation for the farmers, who are facing a glut of onions that has led to crash in prices. Besides, the late Kharif crop is expected to arrive in the markets within a couple of weeks, which will worsen the situation.Sources in the Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) said that the boycott by traders might worsen the situation further as farmers would not be able to store the highly perishable onion variety that has already been harvested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11408971", "title": "Mango season delayed due to erratic climate", "text": "SALEM: There is some disappointing news for mango lovers as the crop is likely to be delayed this year. Cyclone Thane and indifferent weather has affected flowering and could negatively impact the crop.The mango is cultivated in frost-free tropical and sub-tropical climates. More than a third of the world's mangoes is produced in India and Krishnagiri district is a major producer of some of the most popular varieties. According to the district's horticulture department, mango crops have been planted in 40,000 hectares of land in the district. About 7.3 tonnes of mangoes are produced per hectare. The fruit is generally harvested in the middle of February. In March/April, it is usually available in the market.The unseasonal weather has upset the cycle. The flowering happens in mid December. However, this season, the flowering was minimal in the mango orchards. Consequently, there will be a delay in the arrival of the fruit.K M Rama Gounder of Kaveripattanam, general secretary of Tamizhaga Vivasayigal Sangam, has been cultivating mango for the past 15 years. \"The flowering in trees including Bangalora, Alphonsa and Sendura starts during mid December and the harvesting happens mid February. But two weeks have passed and still there is not much flowering in the orchards. The 40,000 families involved in mango cultivation are anxious about the quality and quantity of harvest,\" he said.It has been reported that Cyclone Thane cyclone played a part in delaying the mango season. \"The cyclone has wilted the flowering which took place in a few orchards,\" said Rama Goundar. The flowering is what dictates the yield. Now farmers are not able to predict yield because of the insufficient flowering.When the joint director of the horticulture department, K Periyasamy, was contacted, he confirmed the delay in the flowering due to climate change and intermittent rains. \"There are two types of mango cultivation in Krishnagiri district. In high density planting, 400 plants are cultivated in one hectare. In low density planting, 100 plants are cultivated in one hectare.\"We hope the situation will improve very soon. Farmers will not suffer as they have been provided with new technology for mango cultivation. They can also avail subsidy of up to Rs 40,000 per hectare under the National Horticulture Mission to cultivate mango crops,\" Periyasamy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406902", "title": "PU holds written test for teachers", "text": "PATNA: For the first time in the history of Patna University (PU), the applicants for the post of lecturers of a constituent college appeared at a written test followed by interview, thanks to the recent amendments in the statutes relating to teachers' appointment.As many as 178 applicants for lectureship of the College of Arts and Crafts took the one-hour written test here on Saturday. The written test was followed by personal interview. Even candidates who have qualified the National Eligibility Test (NET) conducted by the UGC were required to take the written test, said PU sources. As many as 11 lecturers would be appointed from among these candidates.The idea of holding a written test for teachers' appointment was mooted at a meeting of the vice-chancellors of all the universities held at Raj Bhavan exactly one year ago. Governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar pleaded for a change in the mode of appointment of teachers so that the universities and colleges get competent and qualified people. He said that written test and test of communication skill should also be introduced for selecting lecturers. Instead of giving 80% marks on academic qualifications and 20% on personal interview for the appointment of teachers by the university selection committee, there should be 30% marks on qualifications, 30% on written test, 20% on communication skills and 20% on personal interview. The candidates must be asked to teach students so that their communication skill is judged by the selection committee, he had said.Subsequently, necessary amendments were made in the university statutes and sent to all the universities. PU registrar Vinhas Kumar Yadav admitted that the appointments of principal and teachers in College of Arts and Crafts would be made as per the statutory provisions.The post of college principal has also been advertised. But no test for the applicants for the post of principal could be held on Saturday. PU is seeking direction from the Patna high court in this regard, said the registrar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11412529", "title": "Princess of Rewa in TOP 36 of Dance India Dance", "text": "Mohena Singh, princess of Rewa, Madhya Pradesh , has probably become the first contestant from a royal background to take part in any reality show on Indian Television.She has been successful over lakhs of other contenders and sealed her place in the TOP 36 of Dance India Dance, Season 3.She did a brilliant contemporary act on Jane tu mera kya haifrom the movie Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na at the Mega auditions and bagged accolades in plenty from Grandmaster Mithun Da and all the three masters - Remo, Geeta and Terence. Mohena's training in Bollywood routines, Hip Hop and contemporary dance forms helped her to secure a safe place on the most coveted platform for dance in the world.During the city auditions, Mohena had shocked everyone by saying that her father, Pushpa Raj Singh is the Maharaja of Rewa, Madhya Pradesh which makes her a princess by default. Mithun Da was quite amused when he got to know that he will be judging a princess. Dada quipped, \"Just in case we don't select you in the Top 18, I hope your father will not reduce us into some squishy squashy pulp by subjecting us to the wrath of elephants. The DID stage is sacrosanct and does not discriminate between race, sex, creed, lineage or background. \"Mohena could not stop smiling at Dada's comment and replied, \"Dada, this is the reason my family wanted me to participate in Dance India Dance and not any other show. I am a princess by birth but want to be an accomplished dancer by profession. I have learnt Kathak from my grandmother Rajmata Pravin Kumari Singh and have been a part of a dance company in Mumbai for the past 6 years. Even my mother, who stays with me in Mumbai is a Maharani but nothing in her behavior will suggest that she is a Queen .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407305", "title": "1,171 villages face scarcity-like situation in state", "text": "PUNE: The state government has declared scarcity-like situation in 1,171 villages, and asked the respective district collectors to open cattle camps to provide fodder.Through a government resolution on Tuesday, the state has asked the district collectors to provide fodder to maximum five cattle per farmer. The government will be spending Rs 40 for a fully grown cow or buffalo and Rs 20 for others daily to cover the fodder expenses. These camps would continue to function till June 30, by when monsoon gets active in the region.\"Inadequate rainfall restricted kharif sowing and a section of the agricultural land was not utilized even for rabi sowing. It prompted the government to initiate conduct surveys and gather information about the availability of fodder, food and water in various districts,\" a senior secretary from the department of revenue told TOI on condition of anonymity.The first survey was conducted on October 7, 2011, which was reviewed during December 12 to 15 in Nagpur, when the winter session of the legislative assembly was going on. The government set up a committee to collect detailed information about the affected villages and a report was submitted on December 31.The survey was conducted in Satara, Sangli, Nashik, Dhule, Ahmednagar and Gondia districts.\"If the situation worsens, the government will announce 'scarcity' situation and will stop revenue collection in the affected areas, \" the official said. In such a situation, the government will offer concession in electricity bills and take other steps also to help farmers. If 'scarcity' is declared, the government will have to provide drinking water as well to many villages. The decision would be taken in February or March.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11407935", "title": "Bikes to be sent underground", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The unattended underground parking lots in the city may soon be put to use after a long wait as Chandigarh municipal corporation (MC) is planning to raise a proposal in the upcoming monthly general house meeting of the civic body. Parking of two wheelers in these underground parking lots may be made mandatory once they are operational.The four underground parking lots in the city under the control of MC at present are two each in Sector 17 and Sector 8.Municipal commissioner Prerna Puri said an agenda to make the underground parking lots operational would be raised during the first monthly general house meeting of the MC.In-charge of the parking lots Avtar Singh said, \"We will have to make it mandatory for two wheelers to be parked in these underground parking lots, as people avoid doing so. This would have to be implemented with strictness, even with the help of police, if needed.\" The MC would take a final call on this issue once it is discussed among the members, Singh said.Chandigarh traffic police, during their wrong parking drive conducted around two months ago, found the vehicles are not being parked in these underground lots, which are in a bad shape, lacking proper sanitation and lightening. UT DIG Alok Kumar then directed the MC commissioner to ensure the officers concerned make sure the underground parking lots are used and maintained properly. Folowing the DIG's directions, MC conducted a sanitation drive in some underground parking lots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna/muzaffarpur", "code": "11414573", "title": "Ex-minister Thakur passes away", "text": "PATNA/MUZAFFARPUR: The last rites of former minister Shambhu Sharan Thakur will be performed with state honours at Muzaffarpur on Monday. This was announced by CM Nitish Kumar who condoled the demise of Congress leader in New Delhi on Saturday night. He was 80.Thakur was jail minister in the Abdul Ghafoor ministry. He had also served as chairman of Bihar State Housing Board. He represented the Kanti assembly seat twice.Thakur was also a journalist and teacher. He had taught at RDS College, Muzaffarpur. Family sources said he was undergoing treatment at Metro hospital in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11408384", "title": "Army draws LoC on Facebook use", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian Army personnel cannot provide any indication of their workplace on online forums, especially social networking sites including Facebook.A recent Army letter says certain internet and social networking guidelines were issued earlier, but these were not implemented in the desired manner, leading to many cases of security breaches. It also says action will be taken against those violating these rules.The Army's worry is that public access to such information could increase the vulnerabilities of both the Army and its personnel. Some information could provide clues to the Army's strategies. It could also make personnel more vulnerable to things like honeytraps (spies using sex to extract information). Social networking sites have made it much more easy for strangers to form relationships. And as the online publication 'Foreign Policy' says in an article on honeytrapping, \"Cleverness, training, character, and patriotism are often no defence against a well-set honeytrap.\"The Army has said that on the internet, personnel cannot make any comments on matters related to the Army's policies; they cannot discuss Army matters with even retired Army employees. They have also been told not to forward chain mails pertaining to the armed forces.A senior defence ministry official told STOI: \"Defence personnel are not provided internet connections in their official establishments. There is however an intranet connection that allows personnel and establishments across the country to communicate. Using personal email ID is not permitted on the official computer.\"The official said there are guidelines for defence personnel using email and internet connections on their personal computers at home. \"There are guidelines about what can be communicated and what should not be even from home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407242", "title": "Over 70 civic schools flouting sanitation norms, finds RTI plea", "text": "PUNE: Seventy-seven schools run by the Pune Municipal Corporation do not have sanitation facilities in tune with the norms set by the Union ministry of rural development's department of drinking water supply, a Right to Information Act (RTI) application by P M Shah Foundation has found.Lack of proper sanitation facilities was one of the reasons girls dropped out of school.The information was sought from the civic education board. The board replied that it runs about 247 schools and that only Rs 21 lakh from a budget of Rs 2 crore allotted for 2010-11 to provide sanitation and toilet facilities in civic schools has been utilised.The plea asked the civic board if they were following government norms of allotting one toilet for every 40 students in a school. In another query, it was also found that 91 schools do not clean drinking water tanks and repair works to fix leaking tanks are pending.\"We asked the civic body about efforts taken to provide clean drinking water to students. The board replied that there is no budget allotted for such a purpose. It was disappointing to see the condition of civic schools in the city despite funds being available,\" director of P M Shah Foundation Chetan Gandhi said.The education board received Rs 4.5 crore for purchase of school uniforms in 2008-09, he said. \"However, due to a dispute in the purchase, the amount was kept in the custody of the high court. The civic body sought permission from the high court to use the amount for providing clean drinking water to students, which was granted. But, the reply to our query on how much has been spent on clean drinking water revealed that it has been unused for over a year now.\"Sangeeta Tiwari, who heads the education board, said, \"It is the responsibility of the ward office to see to it that sanitation and drinking facilities are provided to schools running in their wards. Constructing new toilets in schools is not possible as the land is on lease and owners do not give permission for such development.\" Tiwari also denied that there was any budget for drinking water and that the Rs two crore budget is only for cleanliness and sanitation purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411381", "title": "Tabu in Vikram\u2019s Bollywood flick!", "text": "Tabu, who is known to be very selective about her roles in films, has been signed by Bejoy Nambiar for his next venture, David.This will be Bejoy's second film after his successful directorial debut with Shaitaan. Interestingly, this film will star Vikram, who had previously told CT that he'd soon be teaming up with Bejoy. When contacted, Nambiar confirmed that Tabu will indeed play a pivotal role in his film. \"She is so important in the film. All I can say is that she plays a very quirky character,\" he says.A source revealed that David is a gangster film, which goes on floors by the end of the month. Tabu remained unavailable for comment. The film will mark Vikram's entry into Bollywood after Raavan, in which he played the cop's role. The actor had mentioned that though several Bollywood offers had come his way post his outing in the Mani Ratnam film, he had stuck on to doing Tamil films.The star, whose last release was Suseenthiran's Rajapattai, is currently busy with the shooting of Vijay's Thandavam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11407870", "title": "As temperature slips, residents sip", "text": "LUDHIANA: The cold days of winters call for hot drinks and Ludhianvis made most of the opportunity on Saturday. They held on to steaming cups of tea, coffee and soups to keep themselves warm as the maximum temperature took a dip. While it rained on Friday, fog and clouds covered the city on Saturday, forcing people to stay cuddled up at home.After rainfall, the minimum temperature increased while the maximum came down. On Saturday, the maximum temperature was 13.7 degrees celsius as compared to 14.2 degrees celsius on Friday, while the minimum was 11.2 degrees celsius against 7.9 degrees celsius on Friday. According to met department, people are feeling the cold because difference between maximum and minimum temperature has reduced. However, the weatherman assured that the situation would get better after Sunday.Director of Chandigarh met department Surinder Pal said, \"The maximum temperature started falling due to western disturbances in Jammu and Kashmir and cyclonic disturbance over Punjab area. Though the situation will improve in a couple of days residents will have to bear the thick fog for some time more.'' The minimum temperature will witness a drop and maximum would start increasing on Monday, he added. Residents faced a tough time while driving, as a cold wave continued blowing throughout the day. \"It was extreme cold on Saturday and to keep myself warm I drank five cups of tea, but even then I was shivering a lot and my teeth were chattering,'' said Nirjit Singh, a shopkeeper living in Model Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11408162", "title": "English medium schools resent observer demand", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The demand of parents for deployment of independent observers in each school to monitor the functioning of the random admission software, Saras, has become a cause of concern for school management.To resolve the issue, the principals of the Private Unaided English Medium Schools are planning to work out a mechanism to ensure that the need for observers does not arise.\"It was an informal meeting to ensure effective implementation of the RTE guidelines. About observers deployment in the schools, the member schools were of the opinion that we should have an effective and transparent mechanism that will leave no space for doubts,\" said APR Nair, the convener of the Jamshedpur chapter of the unaided English schools. A principal of a missionary school said several English schools here were not keen to the idea of observers in the schools but if the district administration issues directive, it would be followed.\"No school is happy about the idea of outside intervention in the admission process and the demand of observers is an expression of doubt on the integrity of the schools,\" said the principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407109", "title": "Medical aspirant duped of Rs 9 lakh", "text": "PUNE: Two persons have been booked by the Kothrud police for cheating a telecom firm manager of Rs 9 lakh in 2010. They had taken the money promising an MBBS seat for his daughter at the Bharti Vidyapeeth.The suspects are Jagannath Patnaik and Sudeep Chakravarthy.Sub-inspector B B Shinde said that Chakravarthy had sent SMSs to people across Maharashtra in 2010 asking them to contact him if they wish admission for their wards in medical courses anywhere in Pune.The complainant, Chandrashekhar Subramaniam, a manager with a private telecom firm in Andheri, Mumbai, contacted Chakravarthy for his daughter Divya. Chakravarthy won the confidence of Subramaniam and introduced him to Jagannath Patnaik in Kothrud.Subramaniam made the payments to Patnaik on July 21, 2010, but the admission failed to happen till September 29. Subramaniam realised that he had been cheated after his daughter's name did not figure in the Bharti Vidyapeeth's final merit list.The suspects, however, assured Subramaniam that they will repay the money and asked him not to approach the police. After repeated follow ups, the suspects paid Rs 1 lakh to Subramaniam on January 4 and Rs 2 lakh on January 24 last year.Chakravarthy and Patnaik promised to make the balance payment soon. But they shut down their office and fled.Subramaniam has lodged a complaint against the duo with the Kothrud police for criminal breach of trust and cheating under sections 406 and 420 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411776", "title": "Of bhakti and karuna!", "text": "Hanumatodi is the name of the popular raga Todi to suit the Katapayadi Sankhya. It is the eighth Melakartha and is the second mela in the second Netra Chakra.Known as Janatodi in the Asampurna Mela Padhati, it is the equivalent of the Bhairavi That in Hindustani Music. The notes taken are sr1g1mpd1n1 and it is a mela having symmetrical tetrachords. It is a major ragam in carnatic music and said to have had its origins from the rishabha murchana of the sadja gramam.The rasas associated with Todi are mainly bhakti and karuna. Todi is a murcchanakaraka melam, where from the notes r,g,m,d,n during process of model shift of tonic or graha bhedam produces ragas Mechakalyani, Harikambhoji, Natabhairavi, Dheerashankarabharanam and Kharaharapriya. Todi is an ancient raga and finds mention in treatises like Sangita Ratnakara of Sarangadeva, Sangita Samaya Sara of Parsvadeva, Sangita Saramrita or Tulaja Maharaja and Somanatha's Raga Vibhodha. All types of musical forms from Gitam to Padams have been featured and all the trinity have composed in this raga.Some popular Tyagaraja compositions include Kaddanuvariki, Emijesite, Muthuswami Dikshitar's Kamalambike (Kamalamba Navavarnams), Sri Subrahmanyomam, Mahaganapatim, Srikrishnambhaja, Syama Sastri's Ninne namminanu, Rave Himagirikumari (one of the popular Svarajatis), Svati Tirunal's Bharati Mamava, (Navaratri Kriti), Papanasam Sivans' Kartikeya Kangeya and Tha Thai of Gopalakrishna Bharati.The Modern Phrygian Mode is equivalent to Todi. Todi is seen in the Maqams of Arabic Music, Yiddish songs, Klezmer music, Russian Folk songs, Jazz and Middle Eastern Music where it is known as the Maqam Kurd. In the court of King Serafogi Maharaja, it is said that Sitaramayya, a versatile musician, sang Todi raga for eight days continuously thus earning him the title of Todi Sitaramayya.Tiruvavaduturai Nagasvara Chakravarthi Rajaratnam Pillai's name actually became tantamount with Todi for his deft handling of this raga. It is featured in Tamil film melodies including Thodiyil Paadi Vandhen from Thodi Ragam, Neeye gathi esvari from Vanangamudi, the popular ragamalika melody Oru Nal Poduma from Tiruvilaiyadal has the lines Ezuntodi varuvayamma based on this raga and Gangaikkarai from Varusham 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11406996", "title": "Woman dies in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A man, who veered his moped to save a pedestrian, lost his wife in a road accident. His wife fell on the road to come under the rear wheels of a speeding mini truck.The accident occurred at Kamal square at 11.30am on Saturday. Social worker Ganesh Ramteke was on his way to drop his wife Seema to her school. He panicked as a pedestrian suddenly appeared in front of his bike from nowhere. To save the pedestrian he veered his vehicle to the left and abruptly applied the brakes.\"The pedestrian stopped as another vehicle was crossing at a high speed. As I abruptly applied the brakes , Seema fell on the right side of the road. Before I could rush to help Seema, the mini truck, laden with bricks, ran over her head,\" said an inconsolable Ganesh.Seema taught at a private school in Binaki and also helped Ganesh in his social and political activities.Pachpaoli cops have registered a case against the absconding mini truck driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408248", "title": "Modi stonewalls increase in IAS cadre strength", "text": "AHMEDABAD: All is not well in Gujarat for the IAS fraternity. Chief minister Narendra Modi is not in a mood to increase cadre strength which is customarily done once in five years, keeping in view depletion due to retirements and resignations.Apparently, Modi prefers the more pliable Gujarat Administrative Service (GAS) officers, some of whom have been recently photographed touching his feet or kneeling before him.As per norms, all states were scheduled to recommend increase in IAS cadre strength in November 2011 but Gujarat has not taken a call on this crucial matter which has far-reaching consequences for the administrative structure.The state general administration department has proposed 8% rise in the IAS cadre strength, taking it from 260 to 282.If Gujarat does not send its requirement to the Centre, it will be left to the Union ministry of personnel to decide on allocating the Gujarat cadre to new recruits. IAS officers are worried that if cadre strength is not increased, it would block the promotions and lead to imbalance and stagnation.It appears Modi wants to follow the example of late Chimanbhai Patel who took a similar stand in early 1990s, which resulted in Gujarat being deprived of fresh IAS recruits for three years. Even Patel used to prefer GAS officers over IAS.Significantly, the Modi government has proposed an increase in cadre strength by 22% for IPS and 14% for IFS officers. IAS officers find this surprising and one of them remarked tartly that the chief minister perhaps needs more IPS officers because a number of existing cops were headed towards the jail for involvement in riots and fake encounters.Officials also pointed out that the move to restrict IAS strength was illogical because a number of state PSUs were headless. Blue chip companies like GACL, GNFC, GSFC etc were being run with additional charges to bureaucrats.Gujarat has only nine officers on deputation in New Delhi, the lowest in many decades. Even the resident commissioner of Gujarat in Delhi is an IFS officer who can't get access to top bureaucrats in Central ministries. This has reduced Gujarat's clout in Delhi where the state is unable to influence decisions in its favour.IAS officers say Modi's mindset was surprising for someone who models himself along Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, a champion of the administrative services which independent India inherited from the British Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11407178", "title": "'Taste for good cinema is created through festivals'", "text": "It was this urge to do something very different which propelled Sameer Nafde to combine his interests in art and culture with work, and the result is Nirzar Film Society. When Sudhir Nandgaonkar, secretary of Federation of Film Society, expressed a desire to set up a film society in Nagpur, Sameer's name was suggested by his friend and filmmaker Sanjay Surkar.With a just concluded very successful MyMarathi Film Festival behind him, Nafde shares his thoughts with TOI on NFS and plans for the future.Excerpts:Q. How has Nirzar Film Society evolved over the last three years?A. Quite well. From just 50 members in 2009 we have grown to 260 members. Though in a city of more than 50 lakh it is not a very decent number, but still we are gaining ground. We are organizing two major film festivals every year and conduct many other activities to go with it.Q. Besides holding festivals what are the other activities of Nirzar?A. Every month we screen two movies, so that is 24 films in a year besides the festivals. These are very high quality films and discussions are held after viewing. Besides we are also promoting a campus film society. The aim is to promote good cinema and develop a culture of watching and critically appreciating films on varied themes.Q. How difficult is it to obtain funds for holding these festivals?A. Very difficult. The problem is that this city still does not understand concepts like title branding nor are people here willing to spend money on brand building. Holding festivals does require a decent amount of money. In the first year of our inception the suggestion was that we organize a nano film festival. But we offered to hold a full fledged one and hosted International Film Festival, Nagpur. A lot of support came in from Pravin Darade, who was the collector of Nagpur that year. He was also the chairman of our festival committee. It went off very well and so we made it a regular affair. But yes, we do need money. Last year we managed to get some money from the CM's fund. Ashish Kulkarni, who is our vice president, is also CEO of an animation company which supports us. The cultural affairs minister too has assured help in the future.Q. How do you propose to broaden your format?A. Now that we are cruising with the Marathi and international film festivals we would like to bring a regional film festival and a children's film festival too, which would complete our repertoire.Q. So far there are no awards in your festivals. Do you plan to have them in the near future?A. No. That's because we have neither the standing nor the exposure to give awards. There is still so much of good cinema, already made, which we have not seen yet. For the next 10 years it would be a learning process for us.Q. What do you think will be the net impact of such film festivals in this region?A. These festivals will bring together people connected with cinema and film making on one platform. But the biggest impact is that now people here are exploring different venues connected with filmmaking. The locales in this region are being tested; people are venturing into making cinema or take up work related with this industry, and last of all a taste for good cinema is being created through these festivals.(Sunday Feature)Bigger is better nowIntro: Schools play it up to parents by scaling up concerts in terms of number of participants and razzmatazzBeaming parents, with moist eyes, watching their child perform on stage has a certain emotive appeal, which has been effectively used even in films. (Remember SRK playing the doting father to his motherless daughter on a school stage in Kuch Kuch Hota Hai).But in a reversal of sorts, now it is the schools that have expanded the budgets of their annual concerts to make them larger than life events, comparable with the television shows in terms of grandeur and glory.The season of concerts in schools kicks off right after Diwali vacations and goes on till the month of February. And in the new scheme of things, pushy parents need not impress the teacher to get their child selected. Now themes of items in the concert are so designed that nearly every child gets a chance to be on stage or work backstage.Attributing it to the growing competition amongst the schools, and also the parental desire to see their kids as part of such professional presentations, Seema Somalwar, a management member of Somalwar Academy Education Society says, \"Television reality shows and the manner in which children are being presented in them has triggered this trend. The budgets too are growing in an effort to make school concerts glitzy. But I feel professional help like choreographers or professional theatre artists, which are being taken these days, should be avoided. In our school, students of std IXth and Xth had staged the play Merchant of Venice under the direction of their English teacher. It was a very classic presentation. This should be the way to do it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407865", "title": "Govt invites objections on quota rules in wards", "text": "LUCKNOW: The State government has invited objections on implementation of reservation rules in wards of municipal corporation, nagar palika parishad and nagar panchayats in wake of the local bodies' election slated to be held in the coming months. Orders to this effect were issued here on Saturday.A release quoting principal secretary, urban development, DS Mishra, said that copies of the draft would be available with the office of district magistrates. It stated that DMs have been directed to widely publicise the availability of the said draft so that people can register their objections.\"The draft would be open for raising objections till 5pm on January 18, 2012. All the objections will be disposed of as per available rules. The objections would be examined and valid ones would be incorporated in the final document,\" read the release.Local bodies election have been an albatross for UP government which has been reluctant to hold them.This invited the ire of Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court that directed the State Election Commission and state government to hold urban local bodies' elections immediately. However, state government expressed inability to hold the election on grounds that it was not ready to implement changes that follow delimitation. Later, the court directed UP government to hold the election on the basis of data available as per Census 2001.But, before the state government could issue notifications for local bodies' poll, the Election Commission of India notified the Vidhan Sabha election. Now, the local bodies' election are expected to be held after April 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407267", "title": "Shortage of tow vans affects traffic dept work", "text": "PUNE: The traffic police are facing difficulties in towing away illegally parked vehicles as they have just nine cranes and nine tempos for the entire city. The traffic branch is now making efforts to procure additional vehicles so that full-fledged action can be taken.Senior traffic officials admitted that, at present, the traffic division is facing problems in taking effective action against wrongfully parked vehicles due to the shortage of towing vehicles.The police commissionerate covers Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, for which the traffic police have a total of 19 traffic divisions. The available towing vehicles are provided on a rotation basis to each traffic division. As a result, if a particular traffic division gets one tempo and a crane for a day, that division can take action only on that day. The division gets the vehicle again only after a gap of three to four days.Traffic officials said that until new vehicles are procured, the traffic branch would provide vehicles on a priority basis to those traffic divisions where they are required the most. \"We are trying to identify which divisions require the vehicles the most. These divisions will get the towing vehicles more frequently,\" a senior traffic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11408508", "title": "Ensure our job security, teachers write to state govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The Association of University Teachers has written to the state government asking it to ensure security of service to all teachers. The letter was sent because the management of an aided college refused to reinstate two teachers despite the higher education department's direction to take them back.In a press release, the association said, \"AUT takes strong exception to the continued apathy of the department of higher education on the plight of teachers at the hands of certain erring aided college managements.\"The association asked the government to reinstate the two terminated teachers of Tanjore Umamaheswaranar College, Karanthai, issue a government order ensuring 'security of service' to all teachers in service, withdraw permission accorded to any unrelated institution on the premises of aided colleges and confer statutory status on the re-employment of teachers till the end of the academic year.The association claimed that actions of the higher education department on the violations of the college management were stalled with 'ease' by them through legal interventions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11407131", "title": "Bioinformatics meet begins today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As a part of completion of 125 years of the Allahabad University, the Centre of Bioinformatics, AU, is organising a three day symposium-cum-training workshop from Sunday. The title of the symposium is 'Bioinformatics, systems biology and biomolecular interactions'.The symposium is being organised under the aegis of DBT- Bioinformatics infrastructure facility (DBT-BTISNet Scheme) and the Society of Biological Chemists (India) Allahabad chapter. It will focus on the recent advances made in systems biology, biomolecular modelling and interactions as applied to drug design. Several leading chemists, bioinformaticians, biotechnologists and cell biologists from both the industry and academia will attend the conference.Symposium coordinator Prof D K Gupta said among the participants who will deliver lectures include Prof Bruno Samori, an authority on neurodegenerative diseases, and Prof Paolo Pupillo's from University of Bologna, Italy.Other experts who will attend the conference include Prof Kuldeep Kumar from Australia, Dr JP Mehta from Ireland, Prof Ashok Sharma from CIMAP Lucknow, Prof RS Verma IIT-Madras, Prof KR Pardasani MANIT Bhopal and Punit Chandra CIAE-ICAR, Bhopal.Prof Gupta said besides the lectures, a training workshop is also organized for participants comprising young scientists, research scholars, college faculty and postgraduate students from all over India. AU VC Prof AK Singh will inaugurate the symposium.will be inaugurated by AU vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh while Justice Arun Tandon will be the chief guest of the occasion.An interesting part of the symposium would be a training workshop by young PhDs trained in Italy, Germany, Japan and Czech Republic and who happen to be the alumni of the department. An alumni conclave will also be held. ---------------------", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11406974", "title": "Weather likely to remain cloudy", "text": "KANPUR: Chilly and fast winds, light drizzle and no sunshine forced people to remain indoors on Saturday. The chill was less in comparison to the past few days. The current spell of showers is very beneficial for crops. The minimum temperature was recorded at 12.4 degree on Saturday.The average minimum temperature in January has been 11.30 degrees so far this winter, which is the highest in the past few years. The maximum temperature stood at 18.2, which was near normal. The city received 4.8 mm of rainfall on Saturday. The total rainfall from January 1 to 7 was recorded at 56.8 mm.The city may remain cloudy for the next two days. Formation of low pressure area is responsible for irregular weather patterns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408203", "title": "Driver decamps with car, 25 lakh cash from Vastrapur bungalow", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A car driver fled from a residence in Vastrapur with a car and Rs 25 lakh cash that his employer had collected from two persons in the city on Friday night. While the car was found abandoned from near HL College late in the night, the accused in the case is still at large.According to Vastrapur police officials, Arjan Bhatia, a resident of Sarthi Bungalows III near Surdhara crossroads in Ghatlodia, works as a land broker. He had hired Sanjay Kshatriya, a resident of CG Road, as his driver for last eight months. His long association has made him trust Kshatriya and he used to take him in important business deals.\"On Friday, Bhatia had to seal a couple of land deals and he had a hectic day. By 9 pm in the evening, he had collected Rs 10 lakh and Rs 15 lakh from two of the parties towards earlier dealings and had kept it in his briefcase. He then went to his house and asked Kshatriya to get his briefcase to the house as he was busy on an important call,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Bhatia waited for more than 15 minutes. When he called Kshatriya, he did not get any answer. Suspicious, he ventured out when he realized that the car and Kshatriya were missing. Bhatia immediately informed his associates and started searching for him. A team also went to his residence near CG Road but he was not there. His relatives were contacted who feigned ignorance on his whereabouts.\"After searching for him for more than two hours, Bhatia informed police about the incident and also provided his car number and Kshatriya's description. We started search for him with human and technical surveillance. Late in the night, Bhatia's Hyundai Verna car was found abandoned from near HL College of Commerce,\" said M R Sharma, inspector of Vastrapur police station.He added that Kshatriya might have overheard the details of dealings by Bhatia and might have deduced that he was carrying around a lot of cash. \"We have not found any criminal record on him so far. As it is cash, it is a bit difficult to track down the culprit compared to ornaments or valuables. Search for him is on at probable places. His photograph will also be released soon,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "11414918", "title": "Musharraf to return to Pakistan this month", "text": "KARACHI: Former Pakistani military ruler Pervez Musharraf today announced that he will be return home between January 27 and 30 to launch his political career despite facing arrest in the assassination case of former premier Benazir Bhutto .His announcement came at an impressive rally organised by the All Pakistan Muslim League (APML) near the Quaid-e-Azam Mazar in the city which was attended by hundreds of people who kept on imploring him to return to Pakistan.Winding up his video address to the crowd at the party's first big rally, Musharraf, currently living in Dubai and London on self-exile since April 2008, said he was not scared of anyone and would return to Karachi between January 27 to 30th.Musharraf, 68, said that he would contest the next general elections from Chitral in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.\"I am living comfortably abroad and I have no problems but I am coming back for the Pakistani people because now is the time for change. People are fed up with the old faces,\" he said.\"They are trying to scare me but I am not a scared person and I am coming back to face the situation ,\" he added to the cheering crowd that included large number of families and women.Musharraf was declared a fugitive last year by the Rawalpindi-based court conducting the trial of those charged with involvement in the December 2007 assassination of Bhutto.Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency prosecutor Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali told reporters in Islamabad yesterday that Musharraf will be arrested on returning to Pakistan as an anti-terrorism court has declared him a \" proclaimed offender\" or a fugitive.He said Musharraf is a \"proclaimed offender\" and there is no need of any warrant for making the arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407328", "title": "Stone pelted at minister's car", "text": "KOLKATA: Miscreants allegedly hurled stone at minister Madan Mitra's car when he was passing through AJC Bose flyover on Saturday evening. In a complaint lodged with Shakespeare Sarani police station, Mitra's secretary claimed that when the car was heading towards Rabindra Sadan from Park Circus, a stone suddenly fell on the windscreen of the car and damaged the glass. Police have registered a case. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11409158", "title": "Lensman forays close to elephant herd, gets killed", "text": "BANGALORE: An amateur photographer's enthusiasm to take pictures of wild elephants from a close range cost him his life. Jamburu Soorappa Ramesh, 39, was attacked by one of the elephants from the herd that strayed into Mantapa village near Anekal, Bangalore rural, on Saturday.Ramesh, a resident of Kumaraswamy Layout and an employee of IBM , was an amateur wildlife photographer . \"He slipped through the bushes to take a close look at the elephant herd numbering a dozen around 3pm. We had warned him not to venture close to the herd fearing the elephants might attack in a bid to protect the baby elephants ,\" M Nandakumar, a resident of Mantapa village , said.While the villagers and a group of men from the electronic media kept an eye on the herd from a distance , Ramesh slipped close to the elephants unnoticed . \"What we saw next was horrifying. We found one of the elephants chasing him. He tripped, fell and then tried to grab the camera which slipped from his hands. The elephant attacked him with its trunk,\" Nandakumar said.Ramesh, married to Yashoda, has no children. New to photography, he was unaware of dangers posed by wild elephants. \"The body had no tell-tale marks of any grievous injuries . He has abrasions on his hands and legs due to the fall. Probably he might have died out of shock. His body has been taken to Victoria Hospital for autopsy,\" additional superintendent of police (Bangalore rural district) R Kumaraswamy told STOI.Kumaraswamy said the villagers were trying to push the herd back into the forest of Bannerghatta National Park, a couple of kilometres from the village.Police said Ramesh was a diploma holder in electronics and was working in IBM's facility at Manyata Tech Park near Nagavara for the past seven years. He hails from Jamburu in Shimoga district.Word of cautionProfessional wildlife photographer Kiran Madanagopal warned other amateur photographers to understand animal behaviour and keep a safe distance from them. \"We should keep a safe distance from wild animals. Free movement of animals like elephants, which have a herd mentality, shouldn't be disturbed. Elephants feel intimidated when we go closer to them. Tuskers are more dangerous, especially when they are with the baby elephants, whose safety is paramount for them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11406942", "title": "Zoo gets pair of sikka deer from Jaipur", "text": "KANPUR: The Kanpur zoo had received a pair of sikka deer on Saturday morning. The animals came from Jaipur zoo under the exchange programme. The Kanpur zoo had sent a pair thamin to Jaipur zoo.Now, the number of sikka deer had increased to five the zoo.Zoo director Praveen Rao said that a pair of thamin was sent to Jaipur zoo under an exchange programme.The Central zoo authority promotes the animal exchange programme. The zoos are required to exchange animals and make them breed. This helps in increasing the number of the animals, especially those which are endangered ones.In the past, Kanpur zoo has exchanged a number of animals with other zoos. On January 4, the pair of thamin was transported to Jaipur zoo via road route.Sikka deer or the Japanese deer is on the brink of extinction in all areas except Japan, where the animals are in abundance. The name comes from 'shika', the Japanese word for 'deer'.Thamin or brow-antlered deer, is an endangered species. These are mainly found near Loktak lake in Manipur. The of deer are similar in size and shape to barasingha. The number is fast declining. These have been placed in the schedule I of the Wildlife Act, 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408670", "title": "Being Shakeela", "text": "She started her film career at the age of 15, playing younger sister to the then sex bomb Silk Smitha in a B-film. But now, having starred in about 90 soft porn movies in Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada and Tamil, Shakeela is considered an icon herself. In fact, the soft-porn industry in South India till recently was referred to as Shakeela films.At the peak of her career, which she gave up in 2002, Shakeela was that porn star who posed a threat even to the super stars of the South Indian film industry. In the early years of the last decade, Shakeela films had reportedly cut into the revenue collection of movies of some of the most popular stars of South India. While she does not associate herself with the soft porn industry anymore, till date Shakeela has appeared in about 50 cameos playing herself in all the South Indian language fi lms put together. Although she did not gain an entry into mainstream commercial fi lms, Shakeela's presence is felt very much in the industry.Talking to TOI from her residence in Kodambakam, Shakeela said that her entry into the B-film industry was accidental. It was a makeup man who had come for a shoot near her locality who had first helped her in bagging a role in Playgirls with Silk Smitha. She went on to act in Kinnarat humbikal (Kameswari), her most popular porn fl ick only five years after. Kinnarat humbikal, a fi lm made with a budget of Rs 21 lakh, drew a gross collection of over Rs 2 crore. Interestingly, after this success many of her fi lms were dubbed into other south Indian languages and even into Nepalese, Chinese and Sinhala.Shakeela, however, said she never realised her brand value till late in her career. \"Even after the success of my film Kameswari (Telugu dub of Kinnarathumbikal) I was charging just about Rs 20,000 for a day's shoot. I did not have an agent to negotiate the rate. One day, by fluke a producer offered me Rs 50,000 and then I realised that my films were making big money,\" said Shakeela. During the peak period in her career, in the year 2000 Shakeela charged up to Rs 2 lakh per day.Shakeela, however, could not do diverse roles like Silk Smitha also because of the changing nature of the fi lm industry here. \"Now you have over 50 to 60 girls who can be the sex bomb. During Silk's time she was one among the three top item girls,\" she said. While she has no regrets about her career choices, all that Shakeela wants now is to get character roles. \"I am sick and tired of playing myself. I know that producers have made money using my name. Now I already have some offers where I am given character roles. I still hope for the best,\" said Shakeela. She says while the producers of her film made big bucks selling her name, she still lives in the same apartment that she inherited from her father 29 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11408529", "title": "Young scientist award for research scholars", "text": "DHARWAD: Sajeevaraddi R Sataraddi and Manjunath D Meti of department of Chemistry, Karnatak University, Dharwad have bagged the young scientist award for the best oral presentation of their paper in physical chemistry section by the Indian Council of Chemists.The award was presented at the 30th Annual Conference of the Indian Council of Chemists held at Osmania University, Hyderbad.Manjunath is a research scholar working under the guidance of S A Chimatadar while Sajeevaraddi is guided by S T Nandibewoor of PG department of studies in Chemistry, Karnatak University, Dharwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407329", "title": "Government schools to open at 10 am", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chilly winds and the drop in temperature have brought relief to the school kids. District inspector of schools (DIOS) Umesh Tripathi said that all government primary and secondary schools will open from 10 am to 4 pm.Tripathi, however, clarified that the schools have not been declared as closed. \"There is already a government order for the school timings from 10 am to 4 pm. We have issued instructions to the schools who are not following it,'' said Umesh.The decision has been taken so that the school children are at ease in the extreme chill. The change in the timings will come into effect from January 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408283", "title": "Jain trader saved Mughal invader\u2019s mom from pirates", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujaratis have always exulted hearing stories about the plucky Rajput king Bhimdev Solanki handing a crushing defeat on Mughal invader Muhammed Ghori, when he attacked the state in the 12th century.But, there was also a Gujarati - a minister of the Solanki rulers - who had saved Ghori's mother in Cambay, India's most flourishing port then, from pirates.The ship carrying Ghori's mother was attacked by pirates while she was on the way to Mecca from Cambay. It was the navy squadron of influential Jain merchant Vastupal that saved her, writes historian Makrand Mehta in the book 'Gujarat and the Sea' citing Muslim chroniclers. When he heard that the ship was under attack, Vastupal sent his navy and chased the pirates away.After invading Multan in Pakistan in 1175, Ghori proceeded to Gujarat's capital of Anhilwara (modern Patan) in 1178. Bhimdev Solanki II's mother, Naikidevi, who controlled the army due to her son's young age, inflicted a huge defeat on Ghori in Kayadra, a village near Mount Abu. After the thrashing, Ghori never returned to Gujarat.Besides being a minister, Vastupal was also in charge of the kingdom's ports from 1220 until his death in 1240. He played a pivotal role in turning Cambay into a cosmopolitan city where Jains, Hindus, Turks, Arabs, Armenians as well as Parsis lived. \"In fact, this great merchant-administrator encouraged Muslim merchants to settle in Cambay, where he also had a mosque constructed for them,\" writes Mehta.Mertungacharya, a great Jain scholar who composed the classic 'Prabandhachintamani' in 1305, described how Vastupal competed with one Said for the overlordship of the Cambay port and defeated him in a skirmish.Vastupal and his equally influential brother Tejpal are credited with building the beautiful Dilwara temples in Mount Abu.Besides being a minister, Vastupal was also in charge of the kingdom's ports from 1220 until his death in 1240. He played a pivotal role in turning Cambay into a cosmopolitan city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411246", "title": "Jai, Anjali together again?", "text": "Talks are on to the cast the duo in a project soonActors Jai and Anjali came together on screen in director Saravanan's Engaeyum Eppothum and the duo is likely to come together again, this time in a bilingual (Tamil and Telugu).Although the actress had circulated an official statement last year that she would never act with Jai following the link-up stories about them, it now looks like that she's changed her mind. A source reveals, \"Anjali has no qualms about working with any film artist, even if it is Jai. All those link-up issues are a thing of the past. Right now, she is focussing on her career and doing good films is what matters.\"Jai is currently filming Vettai Mannan with Simbu, the shooting for which is likely to resume only after the latter finishes work on his Love Anthem. When we asked him about this project, he says, \"If Anjali is paired opposite me in a film, I will do it. Acting is my profession and I have never nor will ever refuse to work with any artist,\" says the actor, who has offers coming from Tollywood as well as his Journey (Telugu version of Engaeyum Eppothum) did good business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407282", "title": "Govt plea: Relax land laws for colleges in Hills", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has taken the initial stride to improve college education in the long neglected Hills. The state higher education department has already written to the University Grants Commission (UGC) asking them to relax the land criteria for granting recognition to colleges. The Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council had earlier requested Mamata to accord priority to education in Darjeeling which houses only eight colleges at present. It had also been mentioned in the tripartite agreement that the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) would set up eight multi-disciplinary colleges.Education minister Bratya Basu said, \"It has been long since any development has been done in the Hills. Apart from what is mentioned in the agreement (GTA), we are also thinking of establishing five more colleges in the backward regions of Terai and Dooars. As and when funds are sanctioned, we will identify land and begin work. We are also awaiting a response from UGC.\"\"According to UGC guidelines at least five acres of land is required to set up colleges in the Hills. Any institute that fails to meet this criterion is not given any sanction by UGC. We have requested them to relax the norm and allow colleges to be established on two acres of land. It is difficult to allot five acres in the hilly terrains,\" said a senior higher education department official.The population in the Hills is growing and there is a need for good colleges to provide better education. It has been a long time since the last college was set up.\"A large number of students after passing out from schools in Darjeeling and its adjoining areas migrate to bigger cities for college admission. To stop the mass migration, it is important to set up few good colleges,\" added the official.DGHC board of administrators chairman Anil Verma said, \"It is true that the tripartite memorandum signed last July mentioned that there is a need for eight multi-disciplinary colleges in the Hills. Also, the land allocation in the Hills is very different from those in the plains. This has prompted the state to request the UGC to relax its land norms for establishing colleges.\"\"The proposal was included in the memorandum only after getting the nod from the higher education department. The number of colleges mentioned in it is need-based,\" said the senior higher education department official.As promised, Mamata Banerjee's government is planning to set up colleges in the long-neglected Darjeeling hills. The first step has already been taken with the state higher education department writing to University Grants Commission (UGC) to relax its land criteria for granting recognition to colleges. \"UGC guidelines specify that at least five acres of land is required to set up colleges in the hills. Any institute that fails to meet the land criteria is not given any sanction by UGC. Now, we have requested them to relax the norm and allow colleges to be established on two acres of land. It is difficult to allot five acres in the hilly terrains. Thus, the request has been sent,\" said a senior higher education department official.The Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) has requested chief minister Mamata Banerjee to accord priority to education in the hills where a college was last set up long ago. Currently, there are eight colleges in the hills.The population in the hills is growing and there is a need for good colleges to provide better education. \"A large number of students who pass out from schools in Darjeeling and its adjoining areas migrate to bigger cities for college admission. To stop the exodus, it is important to sanction colleges for providing good higher education,\" added the official.Education minister Bratya Basu said, \"It has been long since any touch of development has reached the hills. In the tripartite agreement, it has been mentioned that the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration will set up eight multi-disciplinary colleges in the hills. We are also looking at establishing five more colleges in the backward regions of the Terrai and Dooars. As and when funds are sanctioned, we will identify land and start the process. We are also waiting a response from UGC.\"\"It was included in the memorandum only after getting the nod from the higher education department. The number of colleges mentioned in it is need-based,\" said the senior higher education department official.DGHC board of administrators chairman Anil Verma says, \"It is true that the tripartite memorandum signed last July mentioned that there is a need for eight multi-disciplinary colleges in the hills.\"He added, \"The land requirement in the hills is very different from those in the plains. This has prompted the government to request the UGC to relax its land criteria for establishing colleges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11408017", "title": "Young designers set stage on fire", "text": "LUDHIANA: Budding designers of International Institute of Fashion Technology (IIFT) displayed their designs and creativity in the International fashion show, \"Sanskriti 2011'' that was held in Kathmandu , Nepal recently. Students of the institute showcased their creations on themes like Delhi traditional, heritage, full HD and random.Resident of Basant Nagar, Yogita Sachdeva said, \"Though it saddens me that I could not personally go for the unveiling of my collection on the ramp, but it really fills my heart with pride to see my collection being displayed on the ramp.''Resident of Dugri, Jaspreet Kaur said, \"I am on cloud nine! I could never believe this could have happened to me before now.''Sheenu Chopra of Gandhi Nagar said, \"I am elated to have this once in a lifetime chance to exhibit my creations in front of such an esteemed international audience. It gives me immense confidence and is a certification of the quality of the work I have been doing.'' Director of the institute, Geeta Nagrath said, \"Such events bring a platform for the students to showcase their talent, help them learn and works as a motivation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11406126", "title": "BHU joins hands with CIIL to facilitate comparability in education", "text": "VARANASI: Now, BHU has joined hands with the Central Institute of Indian Languages (CIIL) to systematise the process of teaching, learning and evaluation and also to facilitate comparability in education across the country. In the starting phase under the National Testing Service-India (NTS-I) programme, BHU is assisting team from CIIL to develop conceptual explanations of evaluations of terms in the Hindi language.\"We are working to evolve consensus and uniformity on how to ask questions and design standard reference materials for Hindi language across the country. Once it is done, it promises to systematise the process of teaching, learning and evaluation in different regions (northern and southern states) in the country,\" said Rakesh Pandey, one of the key members of the team and senior faculty in the department of psychology, BHU, on Saturday.It may be mentioned here that apart from Rakesh Pandey, other senior members of the team include BD Singh, HCS Rathore, PC Shukla, Geeta Rai (all being senior faculties in the department of education, BHU), IL Singh and CB Dwivedi (psychology) along with KP Pandey (former vice chancellor, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth) and Arpana Godbole (assistant professor, department of education, Lucknow University).Saying that the NTS had already developed instruments of evaluation tools and scales in the discipline of language and literature in consultation with many senior scholars in the three languages including Hindi, Tamil and Urdu, V Ilangovan, senior resource person from CIIL also emphasised that the team had developed conceptual explanations of evaluation terms (more than 1000 interdisciplinary concepts) in the three languages.\"We have also come up with 'Concept-based Continuum of Graded Syllabi (CCGS)' applicable to all the seven levels of education (primary to research level). It provides a comprehensive basis for developing the tools of evaluation,\" he added.It is also worth mentioning that apart from Ilangovan, other members of CIIL team including Arvind Kumar Gautam and Sanjay Srivastava (junior resource persons) are also in the city to attend national workshop on designing explanation of evaluation terms in the field of education and psychology, jointly organised by BHU and CIIL. The five-day workshop also concluded in BHU on Saturday.Stressing that CCGS was a novel idea as it was context free in the sense that it did not pertain to any particular language or text or author, Sanjay Srivastava said it was also independent of syllabus of any school or university system.\"In order to make it more acceptable, all the common concepts abstracted from the syllabi of language and literature courses followed by various institutions across the country have been identified and incorporated. This has been done after making an in-depth study for the last two and half decades about the hierarchical order of the components,\" he informed.As per Ilangovan, with the help of Regional Field Units (RFUs) of NTS of which Varanasi constitute the Hindi region, a pilot study was conducted on a small sample of the target group comprising higher secondary and graduate level students in three languages (Hindi, Tamil and Urdu) in April/May 2010. The components and item models for the National level Language tests (NLLTs) were worked out by the NTS faculties in order to relate them with the national agenda on quality education.The purpose of NLLTs is to standardise the tests on one hand and, on the other hand, to evolve a set of common reference points (regional and national norms) based on the performance of students. It would also help to equate the certificates issued by various universities and school boards located in different regions, added the senior resource person from CIIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11407132", "title": "Heavy snowfall snaps facilities, throws life out of gear in Dalhousie", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The white blizzard delivered a heavy punch on the famous tourist destination of Dalhousie on Saturday, throwing normal life out of gear.The heavy spell of snowfall crippled life, forcing locals and tourists to remain indoors. Also, there were no worthwhile traffic until evening as weather conditions barred vehicles from plying, with roads remaining under heavy snow cover.Icy winds froze water pipes, choking the water supply. Electricity failure was witnessed till afternoon at many places. Vehicles parked on roads or outside the buildings were seen covered with a white mantle of snow.\"A thick layer of snow covered the windows of houses and it was impossible for us to come out as 3 to 4 ft snow was formed outside the doors of houses. It was impossible to step out in such conditions,\" said Govind, a resident of Dalhousie.The whole valley was dressed in a white blanket of snow, damaging fruit trees, devastating the farmers here, sources said.\"Heavy snow has damaged trees. The snow got stuck on the branches of trees, making them fall under its weight, resulting in loss of fruit crop\" said Rakesh, a farmer in Dalhousie.Telecommunication services were also disrupted in the valley. Mobile signals of service providers were weak and technicians said that towers covered with snow are the root cause of trouble. \"Mobile towers, situated on high hills, were covered with snow, resulting in weak and disturbed signals\" said Mritunjay, a technician.Tourists stayed inside rooms without fire or heater in the absence of electricity. Locals as well as tourists had to spend the day in cold as voltage problem rendered the heaters and geysers ineffective, sources said. Similar was the case with personal computers and other electrical instruments in many parts of Dalhousie.Schools, roads desertedWith heavy snow on roads and outside the houses, there was thin presence in schools in Dalhousie. The mall road there remained deserted as it was not possible for residents to come out of houses.\"I have not opened my shop today as it was not possible for me to go out and clear the snow. In shivering conditions, it was also not possible to spend the whole day in the shop,\" said Bobby Singh, who runs a watch shop on Mall road of Dalhousie.On Saturday, people had to travel 20 km on foot till Nankhad and Panchpula to come out of Dalhousie. There was 4 ft-thick sheet of snow in Khajiar. Dalhousie-Pathankot road remained closed till evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11407350", "title": "One held for duping traders", "text": "HOWRAH: Niranjan Sharma, a middle-aged man, was arrested from Kolkata by Malipanchghara police late on Friday night on charges of duping few businessmen after posing alternately as a policeman and an extortionist. Police are interrogating him to know more about his network.Sharma was duping quite a few traders for some time. Lately, he had demanded Rs 1.5 lakh from a businessman after posing as an extortionist. Two of the duped businessmen recently complained at Malpanchghara police station. Police officers nabbed Sharma near an office in Kolkata. Police said there are similar complaints against Sharma with Kolkata Police. They are trying to ascertain his network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "11409095", "title": "BSY to turn over a new leaf", "text": "SHIMOGA: It is former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's Sankranti resolution: instead of throwing any more tantrums, he has decided on a makeover on January 15.\"I will be a changed person after Sankranti - in my thinking, action, behaviour and programmes. I am not indispensable to the party but my followers and well-wishers want me to guide and lead, hence I'm meeting them,\" Yeddyurappa told STOI here on Saturday.On reports that he might be considered for a role in national politics, he laughed: \"I don't know English or Hindi , how can I serve them? I will stay in Karnataka and help build the party. I have told former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee that I'm staying in Karnataka to strengthen the party.\"For now, Yeddyurappa has put off his plans to visit New Delhi, citing assembly polls in North India. \"All senior leaders are busy with elections,\" he added.But there is a churning going on, especially with regard to equations with Independent MLA B Sriramulu and the Reddy brothers. Claiming he was not persuading Sriramulu to rejoin the BJP, he said: \"It's too late to convince them (Sriramulu and Reddys) now. I am not going to join their group, instead they are coming to join our group.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407376", "title": "Friends, relatives bid tearful farewell to Anuj", "text": "PUNE: The last rites of Anuj Bidve, a graduate student of the Lancaster University who was shot dead on Boxing Day in Manchester , were performed in the city on Saturday evening. Around 500 people, including relatives and friends, gathered at the Bidves' residence in Chandannagar to bid the 23-year-old a tearful adieu.Anuj's body was brought back to India from the UK on Saturday morning by his parents Subhash and Yogini.Anuj was an engineering student at the Lancaster University. He was shot by a gunman on December 26 in Manchester, where he was holidaying with his friends. Anuj's parents had gone to the UK to bring back his body and collect his belongings from the university. They also visited the spot of his death.Earlier in the day, a huge crowd had gathered outside the cargo complex of the Mumbai airport to see the Bidves. Anuj's parents arrived in Mumbai at 11.45 am by British Airways flight BA 199.They had appointed an agent to get their son's body cleared by the customs and the police department at the airport. However, there was a delay in bringing it to Pune as the ambulance arrived an hour late. Anuj's body was finally taken to Pune around 1.30 pm. His parents left the airport unnoticed to avoid the crowd and the media.Even before they reached their residence in Pune around 5 pm, people had gathered in large numbers to pay their condolences. The Pune police had put up barricades along the roads and people were standing in que.Anuj's body was brought in a coffin. It was kept at the residence for about two hours. His parents and close relatives were inconsolable. His friends were crying and were in no mood to talk. Around 7 pm, the body was taken to the Yerawada crematorium. No religious rites were performed before the body was placed on an electric crematorium. As per an appeal by the Bidve family, no condolence speeches were delivered.Bharatiya Janata Party leaders Prakash Javdekar, Vinod Tawade, Vikas Mathkari and Ganesh Bidkar called on the Bidve family at their residence, while mayor Mohansingh Rajpal was present at the crematorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11408967", "title": "MCG to conduct survey of illegal colonies soon", "text": "GURGAON: In what comes as a major relief and promises to benefit scores of residents living in unauthorized colonies, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has decided to conduct a survey to find out how many such colonies sprang up in the past two years. It will then send the complete list to the state government for its approval to regularize them.At present, there are only 39 regularized colonies that come under MCG jurisdiction while there are over 150 colonies that are unauthorized. Once approved, these colonies will be able to avail themselves of the services offered by the MCG including basic amenities like water, streetlights and roads.In fact, the corporation has already sent a list of unauthorized colonies for approval; but that list contains only a few colonies that fulfilled the criteria to be regularized and existed before 2009 when the MCG jurisdiction was limited. However, in the past two years its jurisdiction has expanded, taking in many more colonies under its authority.The decision to conduct a fresh survey was taken collectively at the monthly House meeting on Friday.\"The municipal corporation has already sent a proposal to the state government to regularize a few colonies but they are the ones covered under a survey conducted in 2009 and things have changed a lot since then. There were a lot of discrepancies in that survey due to which many colonies could not be added to the list. In many cases the space meant for the parking lot was represented as a vacant plot and even community centres, religious places and schools were not mapped properly in the survey,\" said INLD councillor Gaje Singh Kablana.\"Therefore we have decided to commission a survey again for all the 150-odd colonies that were not a part of the earlier survey and whichever colony meets the eligibility criteria for regularization will be regularized. In fact, in most of the colonies over 80% construction has taken place and there is no reason why the residents should be denied the services offered by the municipal corporation. We will try to finish this survey at the earliest so that the names of these colonies too can be added to the list which has already been sent to the state government for approval,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11414385", "title": "Marwadis celebrate New Year in style", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Pradeshik Marwadi Sammelan celebrated the New Year on Sunday with a programme 'Padharo Mhar Des' depicting Rajasthani culture at New Patna Club.More than 6,000 Patnaites enjoyed the Rajasthani cuisines along with Italian, Thai and Indian delicacies at the programme. For ladies, mehndi artists especially called from Rajasthan were applying mehndi in various Rajasthani and Marwadi style. Kids enjoyed elephant and camel ride throughout the day for free.As the programme reached its peak in the evening, a bonfire accompanied with musical housie entertained the people enjoying the weekend with family.The cultural programme performed by as many as 11 artists from Barmer in Rajasthan was the major attraction of the day. They enthralled the audience and 'painted' the city in Rajasthani colours with their performances, including ghumar, bhavai, teratali and many more items.In the evening, a dance competition was also organized in which kids participated in large numbers and showcased their talents, winning applause from the audience. Along with this, various other cultural programmes were also organized by the Sammelan to entertain visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11407074", "title": "Parties engage in talks for AMC polls", "text": "AKOLA: Talks got underway among various political parties, local fronts, splinter groups and rebels soon after elections to 10 municipal corporations were announced. The elections will be held on February 16. The 71-member Akola MC, ruled by Congress-NCP, was recently superseded and Deepak Chaudhri was appointed as administrator.AMC was superseded on various grounds, including overburdening of loan bankruptcy. The administration did not make much development works during the last five years.The ruling party corporators in the superseded body are blaming the administration for malfunction of AMC which was once upon a time an ideal municipal council during the regime of the late Vinaykumar Parashar.In the last general body, the Congress had 19 seats, NCP 12, BJP 11, Shiv Sena-7, BRP-BMS-9, ML, DSP, MNS and Azad Hind Congress one each while LJP has 2 and independent 5.MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre has decided to give tickets to 50% of corporators. Further, the issue of alliance with NCP has been left to local leaders of Congress.The problem of sanitation, drinking water, roads development and other civic amenities remained unsolved during the Congress-NCP rule which might go against them.The CPM-led third front is also discussing strategy for election.BJP-SS will jointly fight the election but powerful rebels and new aspirants would pose a danger to them.Local fronts and splinter groups are also in the run and may damage image of Congress-NCP which failed to deliver the goods during its regime. Further, the influence of women will increase for the first time as 50% seats are reserved for them.Parties, including Congress, NCP, Shiv Sena , BJP and BRP-BMS are busy seeking applications from aspirants to get tickets.This time, the number of wards has increased from 71 to 73. Therefore, for the first time, women's participation in AMC will go up to 37 and thus outnumber male candidates.Notice to dy commissioner of AMC:Dr Utkarsha Gute the deputy commissioner Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) has been served show cause notice for dereliction in duty, sources said. The notice was served on two issues viz. parking and encroachment. Gute is in-charge of these two issues. Deepak Chaudh the administrator of AMC served the notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11407965", "title": "Govt takes steps to tackle fake currency notes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government hopes that acquisition of new safety features would help tackle the menace of fake currency notes finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said on Saturday.A high-level committee comprising officers of several departments, including security agencies, has been set up for acquiring robust security features through global competitive bidding.\"This acquisition of new security features is being done in an efficient and transparent manner. I am hopeful that with the upgrade of security features, the government will be able to check the menace of fake currency circulation in the country,\" Mukherjee said while inaugurating the new bank note print line in Dewas.Mukherjee outlined the several reforms being undertaken in the currency and coinage sector and said the country is expected to be self-reliant to a large extent. \"The reforms related to security features will also ensure that the incidences of fake currency are reduced considerably. The functioning of the line being inaugurated today will further add to our efforts in this direction,\" the finance minister said.The Coinage Act, 2011, was recently enacted by Parliament. This is expected to simplify the provisions related to coins and currencies by amalgamating four Acts and one Ordinance relating to coinage. The Act enables the government to establish a new mint at any place based on the rising demand of coins. It also provides for stringent punishment with imprisonment that may extend up to seven years and with fine if a person is found to be making or melting or destroying the coins, Mukherjee said.The government had earlier set up a panel to suggest a roadmap for progressive indigenization of various inputs to meet the increasing demand for currency and coins. Mukherjee said based on the recommendations of this committee the government initiated steps to indigenize the production of banknote paper to meet domestic requirements. A Bank Note Paper Line with annual capacity of 6,000 metric tonnes is being set up Hoshangabad.\"This unit is likely to be commissioned by October, 2013. Similarly, a Joint Venture Bank Note Paper Mill at Mysore with an annual capacity of 12000 MT per annum is also scheduled to fully commence commercial production by April, 2014. These steps would make the country nearly self-sufficient in the production of banknote paper,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11408206", "title": "Traffic diverted away from the Pravasi meet venue, commuters hassled", "text": "JAIPUR: Except for some minor hiccups, the traffic in the city remained smooth during the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD). However, commuters faced problems in the Walled City due to one-way on MI Road and Ashok Marg throughout the day.Traffic department, during the three days of the event, has restricted entry to roads leading to Statue Circle. MI Road and Ashok Marg will have one-way during day-time and heavy vehicles will not be allowed.The traffic at Civil Lines and C-Scheme remained congested for a long time. The police remained on roads on Saturday to facilitate VVIP movement.\"One-way caused the traffic to be diverted to the Walled City to look for alternative routes,\" Mahesh Kumar, a resident of Chandpole area, said.Mini buses, city and tourist buses coming from Amber and Delhi Road were allowed entry through Dhobi Ghat, Galta Gate and Transport Nagar junctions.\"Even vehicles which had been earlier given permission to pass through the area on these days will not be allowed,\" Mahajan said.According to deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Rohit Mahajan, elaborate traffic arrangements have been made around Birla Auditorium.Officials said the traffic restrictions will be followed more strictly on Sunday but since traffic is usually smooth on this day, the commuters are not likely to face any major problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408764", "title": "They saved the lake through Gandhigiri", "text": "MYSORE: When Mysore Urban Development Authority planned to pave out Outer Ring Road, the Lingambudi Lake came under threat. The proposed six-lane road was to dissect the water body where migratory birds spent their winters. Environmentalists and residents went livid with anger. Homemaker Jhanavi Srinivas, resident of Ramakrishnanagar, joined hands with activists and planted saplings all over the city. Every day, Jhanavi used to carry water from home to water all these saplings. The local body realigned the proposed road and the lake was saved.The activism has now transformed into a movement with more residents joining hands with the forest department to set up 'Lingambudi Forest Committee', a first of its kind panel constituted to protect the water body.\"We have been fighting to save this lake since the Outer Ring Road project was proposed. Now I feel happy that even the forest department has joined us,\" said Jhanavi, as she takes a stroll inside the lake bund, which has a dense forest cover. Lingambudi Lake is a prominent water body in the area which has been listed by Bombay Natural History Society.It has now become a routine for these volunteers to visit the lake and discuss about its conservation. For instance, ecologist U N Ravikumar, president of the committee, comes to the lake regularly and discusses with panel members and officials about the lake protection.The forest department recently declared the forest cover in the 200-year-old lake as reserved forest preserving it for posterity. \"Since 1990, citizens are fighting for the conservation of the lake. If these people had not protested, it would have become a slum by now,\" he adds. \"Now that this has been declared as reserved forest area and the committee has been formed, it helps,\" the ecologist notes.The panel members still remember the way they fought for conservation of lake and forest cover. Their sincerity towards this initiative shows when they even pick up plastic or waste thrown in the park and discard it into a dustbin.Buoyed by the support from the forest department, the forest committee is involved proactively in conservation.They want it to be developed as a bird sanctuary. Bird watchers have counted over 200 species of birds at the lake. Many migratory birds including shoveller, pin tail, gargeny, common sand piper arrive here in the winter.The lake's ecosystem is important for the city. \"It has a wide variety of aquatic and grassland species. Around 250 species of birds can be seen here,\" says Dr Manohar, a practitioner of homeopathy. Nature lovers often come early morning with a pair of binoculars to study birds and also develop a liking for the lake. Spread over 216 acres, the lake has a wide variety of flora and the forest department recently planted fruit bearing plants to attract the winged guests, who have been extended privacy at four island developed away from the bund. Yashaswini S N and Sanjana M", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11408979", "title": "Husband detained for attacking wife", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 47-year-old man was detained for attacking his wife with a coconut scraper and later attempting to commit suicide on Saturday evening. Police and neighbours rescued the couple who were residing at Pappanaickenpalayam in the city.S Manoharan, and his wife, M Jayakodi, were living apart for five months after Jayakodi filed a complaint against her husband in the Andipatti police station. The couple had two sons. A few months ago, Jayakodi moved to Coimbatore with her sons and was staying with them in a rented house at Jayasimmapuram near Pappanaickenpalayam.On Saturday morning, Manoharan came to Jayakodi's home and inquired about his sons, who had gone to Sabarimala. Manoharan asked his wife to make lunch for him and went out. He returned in an inebriated state and picked up a quarrel. Later, she attacked her with a coconut scraper. Jayakodi sustained minor injuries when she tried to fend herself from the attack. As she screamed for help, neighbours gathered.Fearing that he would be attacked, Manoharan locked the house from inside and cut the tube that connected the gas cylinder and the stove. By then the neighbours had alerted the police who rushed to the spot. The couple was rescued and Manoharan was detained by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11407746", "title": "Indian Science Congress concludes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Curtains fell on the five-day 99th Indian Science Congress at KIIT University here on Saturday.Odisha governor M C Bhandare attended the concluding function as chief guest, describing the event as a \"super success\".The next 100th Indian Science Congress will be held in Kolkata, the venue where the first edition of the ISC was held in 1914. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will preside over the centenary edition hosted by Calcutta University, the organizers said. A team from Calcutta University was present here to invite the delegates to the next session.Conventionally, president of the forthcoming ISC takes over from his counterpart of the ongoing event. Since the PM could not come for the valedictory function, his nominee, Union science and technology secretary Dr T Ramasami, was present on his behalf.Dr Abhaya Kumar Naik, local organizing secretary of the 99th ISC and registrar National Institute of Science Education and Research, said over 15,000 delegates attended the event, inaugurated by the Prime Minister on January 3.Noted scientist Geetha Bali, vice chancellor of Karnataka State Women's University, presided over the event on the theme 'Science and Technology for Inclusive Innovation - Role of Women'. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik , Union science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , among others, had attended the inaugural function.There were around 15 science based plenary sessions and 30 technical sessions on diverse topics such as agriculture, health care, climate change, nano-technology, environmental sciences, bio-diversity, bio-technology and forest and environment. Other attractions of the event from January 3 to January 7 were a science film festival and a science exhibition. The Children's Science Congress and the Women's Science Congress were held parallel to the main event.A 20 acre area in the KIIT campus was developed exclusively for the 99th ISC. Around 1,500 volunteers, including KIIT employees and students, worked for a smooth conduct of the congress, held in the state for the third time, after a gap of 34 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11414566", "title": "BJP leader's bank account hacked", "text": "Mangalore: BJP leader and shipping magnate Nagaraj Shetty's four bank accounts were hacked and sum amounting to Rs 4 lakh was been transferred to a bank account at Moradabad in Uttar Pradesh on Saturday.Following complaint by Shetty, Bunder North Police Inspector Vinay Goankar ensured that the Moradabad account was frozen by informing bank authorities there. Goankar said steps are being taken to reverse the transfer of money done on line.The account to which the money was transferred is held by one Anil Dil Singh. Goankar, the investigating officer IT related offences, said verification process is on to find out whether Singh is the actual account holder, who introduced him to the bank etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11407135", "title": "2nd accused in 3cr cheating case arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The V P Road police on Saturday arrested the second accused in a Rs 3-crore cheating case. Kesar Singh Rathod (59) was nabbed from his hometown in Rajasthan. The other accused, his cousin, Hanuvat Singh Rathod, was arrested in December, 2011.The case dates back to August 16, last year, when Hanuvat worked for a jewellery trader from south Mumbai, Manish Jain. Jain asked Hanuvat to deliver 9.5 kg gold, worth Rs 3 crore, to a client in Kerala.Accordingly, Hanuvat boarded Mangala Express from Panvel station. But before reaching the destination, he alighted at Kannur station and lodged a false complaint with the Kerala police, claiming that he had been robbed of the gold. Hanuvat also called his employer before leaving for his hometown in Rajasthan.\"In our four-month probe, we learnt that Hanuvat had lodged a false case. We have traced him to Pali in Rajasthan in December and 2 kg of the stolen gold was recovered from him. He told us that his cousin, Kesar Singh, was also involved. We arrested Kesar Singh, who is also from Pali, on Saturday and recovered 4.5 kg gold,\" said investigating officer Shrikant Desai. The recovered gold is worth Rs 61 lakh, cops added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11408671", "title": "Gyms flexing muscles against bodybuilders?", "text": "MUMBAI: In an ideal world, a bodybuilder belongs in a gym. But unbelievably, bodybuilders like the current Mumbai champion Shashi Hotkar - who are often seen flexing their gold-dust-laden muscles in skimpy briefs at local competitions - do not live in such a world.They live in Mumbai, where they are being forced to leave certain gyms, especially the kind that have saunas and salad bars.Hotkar was earlier welcomed to a top-line gymnasium's Bandra outlet. But when the management realized that he was a professional bodybuilder, he was asked to leave and his entire membership fee of Rs 23,000 was refunded. \"The security was informed to never let me in,\" said Hotkar.Parag Parulekar, president of the Maharashtra Fitness Trainers and Bodybuilders Association, said several gyms have been flexing their muscles and closing their doors on bodybuilders. \"These gyms pay huge sums and invite international bodybuilders to their gyms, but our bodybuilders are treated so badly,\" he said.Another champion, Jalinder Aapke, has a similar story to narrate. He had joined a gym in Lower Parel, but was asked to leave within weeks of enrolling. When he demanded a reason, the response was curt, he said. \"I was told that as per the gym's policy, they can cancel anyone's membership as they wish, as this is what's written on the back of the admission forms,\" Aapke said.\"Bodybuilders are not denied membership outright, but we do exercise certain precautionary measures,\" said G Ramachandran, director of Gold's Gym, who added that they harbour concerns about bodybuilders becoming role models. \"They tend to take supplements and fat burners to build muscle mass, which is unhealthy and not sustainable. To youngsters and the uninitiated, they may unconsciously become role models,\" he said.Moreover, in his experience, Ramachandran said he has rarely seen bodybuilders applying for memberships in gyms. \"They tend to shy away from us and we too shy away from them,\" said Ramachandran, who, however, cited that wrestlers and Mr Universe participants have worked out in his gym.One cannot generalize on the basis of a few stray incidents related to one chain of gyms, said fitness consultant Shahzad Daver, who is affiliated with K Eleven fitness management, where \"free training is given to national-level sportspersons and athletes\". Daver, however, said he can understand the inhibitions. \"One of the chief reasons for denying membership could be the concern that bodybuilders might become a menace by giving members odd tips about supplements and taking down member contacts to train them on the quiet.\" He recently came across one such instance himself, when someone applied for a membership for two and one turned out to be a trainer or bodybuilder who was trying to train other members \"under the table\". In such cases, the membership is immediately terminated.Nagesh Shirsat, fitness manager at Talwalkar's Prime Fitness, dismissed such concerns as illogical. \"Around 80% of members who work out are not looking to build muscle mass. Their aim is fitness. Also, bodybuilder associations conduct tests to discourage the use of illicit supplements,\" said Shirsat, who added that many celeb trainers, including Salman Khan's and Hrithik Roshan's trainers, were bodybuilders. \"We don't stop anyone from becoming an official member. In fact, we have our own bodybuilder association and even conduct bodybuilding competitions,\" said Shirsat, who added that professional bodybuilder Sandip Walawalkar was their brand ambassador.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11406994", "title": "Cops stop PWD tender process; clerk, contractor arrested", "text": "AMRAVATI: The local police stopped the tender process at Public Works Department (PWD) office and seized important documents following an abduction complaint lodged by Satish Ukarde, employee of Shridhar Associates, Aurangabad, on Thursday. Based on the complaint, police arrested local contractor Vinod Chandak and PWD clerk SV Bansod on Thursday night.Police sources said, Ukarde had come to Amravati to apply on behalf of his company after PWD floated tender to carry out construction of Super Specialty Hospital. The estimated cost of the entire work is Rs 23 crore. However, Chandak and Bansod conspired to stop Ukarde from filing the tender. They detained him for a day and released him once the tender process was done. Shocked over the entire incident, Ukarde lodged a complaint with the police.On Saturday PWD employees and contractor, working for various PWD projects, staged stop work agitation to protest the arrest of Chandak and Bansod. Employees and contractor have condemned police action. Meanwhile, economic offence wing is investigating the matter. Police have also seized various documents from PWD office and stopped the tender process. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11407044", "title": "Several vehicles challaned, unaccounted money recovered", "text": "KANPUR: Over 190 vehicles, including two and four-wheelers were challaned. As many as 14 two-wheelers and 15 four-wheelers were seized and Rs 2.30 lakh in cash, 12 litres of IMFL, two licensed firearms, 40 cartridges were recovered during a vehicle checking drive on Saturday. The drive was held in view of the coming Assembly elections.Three persons were booked under Section 188 of Indian Penal Code and 144 CrPC and Section 6 of Excise Act, DIG Rajesh Rai said.A case has been registered with Raipurwa police regarding the recovery of Rs 2.30 lakh in cash. Those carrying the money were not able to produce documents related to it. The Election Commission has been informed about it.In view of the Assembly elections, the Election Commission has imposed restrictions on movement of unaccounted cash of over Rs 2.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11415926", "title": "BJP opposes religious minority quota extention", "text": "RANCHI: The two-day executive committee meeting of the state BJP concluded with a resolution to intensify agitation against the proposal of the Congress-led UPA government to extend reservation to the religious minorities.The political resolution tabled by state vice-president Rakesh Prasad was approved by former MP Rajkishore Mahato and finally adopted by the executive committee after elaborate discussion.Presiding over the meet state president Dineshanand Goswami said the BJP workers would continue to expose corruption of the UPA government and called upon the members of backward class to raise their voices against the \"unconstitutional\" step of the UPA government to introduce religion-based reservation.Citing the resolution adopted by the state executive, BJP spokesperson Pradeep Sinha said in the wake of impending assembly elections in five statesthe Centre introduced 4.5% reservation for religious minorities cutting share of the quota meant for backward classes. \"This step is not just unconstitutional but divisive in nature and the members of backward classes must raise their voices against infringement of their rights,\" he said.Criticizing the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha for its double speak, Sinha said that the party had been accusing the Munda government of corruption whereas its lone MP supported the Lokpal bill in the parliament. \"Outside Parliament, the JVM speaks about its commitment to control corruption but it stood by the toothless bill of the Union government,\" Sinha said quoting the political resolution.The committee hailed Munda government for its pro-people welfare and development works. Sinha said that schemes like Mukhyamantri Lakshmi ladli yojna meant for the girl child and declaration of year 2012 as daughters year are some of the big steps taken by Munda government in state. \"Munda government has shown its commitment to uproot corruption by appointing Lokayukta and human rights commission besides introducing service delivery act and electronic service delivery act,\" Sinha said.The meeting was attended by chief minister and state incharge Harendra Pratap besides BJP MP from Hazaribag Yashwant Sinha.While addressing the meet, Sinha spoke about his objections, raised in the capacity of chairman, standing committee on finance against the National Identification authority of India bill-2010. Sinha said that the bill aimed at giving statutory status to Unique identification authority of India (UIDAI) was ambiguous in terms of giving identity numbers even to the trace passers and foreign citizens. \"Out committee has raised valid objections because the UPA government tried to force a scheme before the parliament could have given its consent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11407813", "title": "BJP Fatorda mandal denies adding bogus voters", "text": "MARGAO: Refuting allegations made against Fatorda MLA Damodar Naik regarding the addition of bogus names to the electoral rolls, the BJP Fatorda mandal demanded that the authorities look into alleged activities of the rival camp to add bogus names in Fatorda constituency.\"The allegations made are totally baseless having no substance in it, and is made out of frustration as the rival camp led by Vijai Sardesai is very much afraid of the increasing popularity of the Fatorda MLA,\" said Vassudev Virdikar, president, BJP Fatorda Mandal, in a press release.The complaint was lodged by Fatorda block congress committee president Joseph Silva against the Fatorda MLA on Friday with the Salcete mamlatdar alleging that Naik was enlisting bogus voters on a large scale.\"The names so alleged to have been bogus, in true sense,have been transferred to their new addresses, which is no way an illegal act under the Representation of People Act or any other act dealing with the election process,\" said Arun Faldessai, general secretary, BJP Fatorda mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11408986", "title": "13 vehicle thefts reported in one night", "text": "GURGAON: On Friday night, 13 vehicles were stolen from different parts of Gurgaon and this included 10 two-wheelers and three four-wheelers, of which one was a jeep.The police have registered multiple cases and are investigating. Gurgaon has become notorious for vehicle thefts and places like Cyber City witness about six to eight cases of vehicle thefts every day. On Friday, a two-wheeler was stolen from a resident of Rajiv Nagar from outside his house. Another bike belonging to a resident of Badshapur, was also stolen from Rajiv Chowk.A jeep belonging to Manish Kumar was stolen from Arjun Nagar area. Bikes were stolen from Rail Vihar, Saraswati Vihar, Sector 56, MGF Mega mall and Sector 40.An Alto car was stolen from Sector 4 and another four-wheeler in old Gurgaon met the same fate.When asked, a senior police officer said that it all seemed to be the handiwork of a gang that has resurfaced in recent days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11407936", "title": "Plan panel for dialogue to end Subansiri impasse", "text": "GUWAHATI: A Planning Commission adviser on Saturday said Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, the NHPC and anti-dam activists should sit together to remove \"misconceptions\" about the 2,000-MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project.\"Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, the NHPC and the agitators should together resolve their differences. There are apprehensions and misconceptions that can be resolved through dialogue,'\" S N Brohmo Choudhury, northeast adviser to the commission, said.Frequent protests by anti-dam groups in Assam have delayed work on the project. Work on the project has virtually stopped ever since the latest round of protests began on November 30 amid fears of an adverse downstream impact on Assam. The new deadline for commissioning of the project is August 2014.Speaking to the media at the end of his three-day trip to Arunachal Pradesh, Brohmo Choudhury said the project would significantly help in meeting power requirements in the northeast. He, along with commission member Saumitra Chaudhuri, visited Arunachal Pradesh to assess the progress of the trans-Arunachal highway project and the public distribution system. He asked the Subansiri project to step up their public relations activities.\"We have sorted out many of the problems and we are hopeful of streamlining the PDS in a couple of months. The bills of food grain suppliers, which were earlier held up because of a scam, are being processed. We have planned a network of 10 godowns across Arunachal Pradesh,\" Chaudhuri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407159", "title": "Relatives, friends remember quiet, well-mannered boy", "text": "PUNE: The people residing near Anuj Bidve's residence in Chandannagar remember him as a quiet, focused and well-mannered boy. Over hundreds of local residents who had gathered to pay condolences were in deep shock and expressed that it was difficult for them to accept Anuj's death.S M Borkar, a retired teacher and a resident of Chandannagar, said, \"Anuj was disciplined and well-mannered. He was soft-spoken. I had never seen him getting angry. He always used to speak to everyone respectfully. It will very difficult for us to accept his absence. I came to know about his tragic death through a news channel when I was in Singapore .\"Anuj's friend Kiran Dhanawade, an engineering college student, said, \"I have fond memories of the time spent with him. We often used to meet at the Chandanagar chowk for discussions. He used to guide me about new courses and how to improve my performance in studies. He was very happy about his travel to the UK for studies.\"P S Titekar, a teacher, said, \"I had known Anuj since his childhood. I haven't been in touch with the Bidve family in the last few years after they shifted to Chandannagar. Anuj was an active boy and used to take his studies seriously.\"Anuj was an active participant in various programmes organised in the housing society during Ganapati Utsav and other festivals, said Sadanand Uttekar, a retired government employee. \"He never had a fight with anyone. He was a good listener. He was also a sports lover. Football was his favorite game,\" he added.Shrirampur resident Yogesh Tiple said that the relatives of the Bidve family had travelled from Shrirampur to Pune to pay their condolences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406708", "title": "Bihar to showcase itsdevp story at NRI meet", "text": "PATNA: State government will showcase the development story of Bihar at the state-specific session slated to be held on Monday at the three-day 10th Non-Resident Indian (NRI) meet that started at Jaipur in Rajasthan on Saturday.The theme of the business and cultural jamboree is 'Global Indian - Inclusive Growth'. Incidentally, the Nitish-led NDA government, for the last five fiscals, has also stressed on practising inclusive growth.In terms of plan perspective, it implies inviting foreign or domestic investment to give a push to macro economy, and at the micro level, it implies creating productive employment opportunities for people, including scheduled caste (SC), scheduled tribe (ST), minorities and women in a more focused manner. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , state's finance minister, has started presenting the state's gender budget, along with its general budget, in the state legislature.In tune with the same, the state industries department would make a detailed presentation on the implementation of development-oriented programmes undertaken with public investment at the NRI meet. NRIs have already been invited to attend the session on Bihar. They would be apprised of the present Bihar scene. Incidentally, the present state dispensation, like observers of the Bihar scenario, has taken the 2005-06 fiscal as the cut-off year to point out the accelerated progress, including the 10.5% average annual growth rate, compared to the previous fiscals.During the presentation of the new Bihar development story, NRIs would be invited to invest in the state to give impetus to inclusive growth.According to the department, participants at the NRI meet would be informed about potential investment areas in Bihar, like agriculture, health, education, energy and industry sectors. Interestingly, while the projection for national growth in the agriculture sector was 4% in the 11th Five Year Plan, the actual growth rate was only around 2%. Compared to that, Bihar recorded an annual growth rate of around 4%, as an Assocham report released recently noted. The state government has already constituted an Agriculture Cabinet comprising 18 departments to give a boost to the agriculture sector.The industries department has also put up a stall on Bihar at the meet. State industries minister Renu Devi would inaugurate it on Sunday. The NRIs would also be invited to participate in the three-day 'Global summit on changing Bihar' to be held in Patna from February 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406365", "title": "Goods worth 1.8L stolen from flat", "text": "MUMBAI: Ornaments and electronics worth Rs 1.18 lakh were stolen from an Andheri flat shared by two women on Friday. Police officials said the burglar entered the house through the balcony.The complainants, Krutika Yadav and Nandita Sehgal, stay at Sher-E-Punjab colony. They were away between 10 am and 7.45 pm when the burglary took place. \"The burglar scaled the building pipes till the complainants' first-floor flat and stepped into the baclony. He then slid his hand through a window and unlocked the balcony door,\" a police official said. The unidentified burglar made off with a laptop, two cellphones, a camera, a watch, a pair of gold earrings weighing 1.3 gm each, and an 8 gm gold ring, collectively worth Rs 1.18 lakh.A case of housebreaking has been registered by the Meghwadi police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406797", "title": "Fete organised at Gyan Niketan", "text": "PATNA: A colourful 'Winter Fete' was organized at the Gyan Niketan school here on Saturday. The event, which turned out to be a complete entertainment bonanza, was inaugurated by administrator of the school, Anita Kunal.School students put up entertainment, games and food stalls. 'Shooting the balloon', 'Breaking the glass' and various other entertaining programmes were also organized.Ishan International Girls School also organized its annual day 'Jagriti' on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406830", "title": "Patna College turns 150", "text": "PATNA: Turning 150 is not a big achievement for an educational institution as there are universities and colleges in India and abroad which are several hundreds years old. Yet the beginning of the 150th year of Patna College is significant because it is one of the premier institutions of higher learning in India.The history of Patna College, the mother of a number of institutions of higher education in Bihar, including erstwhile Bihar College of Engineering which is now NIT, Patna Law College, Patna Medical College, Patna Science College and Vanijya Mahavidyalaya, has been the history of the growth and development of higher education in the state.Once known as the \"Oxford of the East\", this college is celebrating its 150th foundation day on Monday. Chief minister Nitish Kumar will inaugurate the celebrations and Bihar legislative assembly Speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary will be the guest of honour. Patna University VC Shambhu Nath Singh will preside.Born in 1862 of the Collegiate School-Patna which had grown out of the Patna Branch School in 1854 and an offshoot of original Patna High School of 1835, Patna College saw the light of the day on January 9, 1863. It functioned as Government College until it became a constituent college of Patna University on January 2, 1952.The college has been a nursery of great scientists, administrators, patriots, jurists, journalists, lawyers and academics. It has had a great tradition of scholarship, character and culture; of order and discipline. Many of the leaders of national fame belonging to this state were students of this college. Sachchidanand Sinha, Sir Sultan Ahmad, Srikrishna Sinha, Anugrah Narain Sinha, former Chief Justice of India B P Sinha, Sarvodaya leader Jayaprakash Narain and Hindi poet Ram Dhari Singh Dinkar were all students of this college. Eminent scholars like Sir Jadunath Sarkar, Azimuddin Ahmad, Ramavatar Sharma, R P Khosla, S C Sarkar, Gorakhnath Sinha, D M Dutta, Gyan Chand, K K Datta and Syed Hasan Askari were among those associated with this college as its teachers.Much water has flown down the Ganga since the college came into existence. \"Even today, particularly in rural society, Patna College continues to symbolize higher education,\" says PU geography department head and an alumnus of this college Ras Bihari Prasad Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11412110", "title": "The joy of sharing a meal, long lost", "text": "Cooking could be your way of unwinding after a hard day's work, while at other times it's just to make it special for your man. But does he appreciate your loving gesture ?An exceptionally smooth day at work can get you to experiment in the kitchen. You want to make the evening special by rustling up that mushroom and bacon pasta recipe you found on the internet the other day, and have already made a round of the grocery store. The dinner table too is set with a bottle of wine, fresh slices of cheese and garlic bread. Your idea of a romantic dinner can go for a toss with him wanting to call in from the nearby restaurant. Most women find it difficult to deal with such a situation.Agreed, not all women are good cooks, but sometimes even superior cooking is not enough to sate him. Perhaps this is a phenomenon in men who score a brownie point in cooking over their spouse. Shares Pallavi, 26, a PR executive, \"My boyfriend loves to cook and is incredible at it, but whenever I want to try something out he gets uneasy.\" Pallavi admits that though her culinary skills may not be as good as his, she still can rustle up food rather well which her family and friends appreciate.A simple Hakka noodle-lover may not share your fondness for Italian cuisine, but with a certain level of tolerance for each other's food interests, life can be made easy. Unsurprisingly, there are couples who are at their indecisive best when eating out. To settle for a restaurant is the toughest part, and once that is out of the way, it is a case of what-to-order-now. You might brand this an extreme instance, it is, however, not out of place to say that couples with diverse food interests often find an alternative rather than come to an amicable middle path. \"I love Mexican food, while my husband doesn't take much to the whole business of enchiladas and burritos. He pulls a face every time I mention eating out at a Mexican restaurant,\" explains Supriya 32, an IT professional. \"After three years of marriage, I have stopped asking him altogether. Whenever I wish to have my kind of food, I call up my friends and we go out,\" she adds.Supriya's way of tackling the issue makes one wonder if the couple is missing out on the simple joy of sharing a meal together. Tirtho, 34, a marketing executive with an online travel company, makes sense when he says that in urban India, working couples have too many choices and too little time. What with both keen on maintaining their respective social circles. Little wonder then that some men turn a blind eye to their partner's experiments in the kitchen, and consider order-from-outside a safer bet.Maybe few women would complain about men not taking interest in their cooking if they went out of the way to whip up something of their liking. But, for how long can such an arrangement last? Nandini, 28, a HR consultant, believes that both need to be equally sensitive to each other's likes and dislikes. \"There should be understanding between a couple; her partner should try out whatever she has made or at best give her company,\" says she.Sameer, 24, a management trainee, feels that he is better off cooking than let his girlfriend do it. \"She tries out weird things like peanut sauce spaghetti with turkey , which leaves me wondering what it'll turn out to be. Wish she would go for simpler recipes,\" he admits.While some men like it simple, there are others - women - who have absolutely no qualms about their spouse donning the chef's hat. In Sana's words (a banker, aged 26), \"If my husband wishes to take over the kitchen, what problems can I have. I'd say, sure be my guest!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11407760", "title": "3 SL men held at airport with forged passports, 1 flees", "text": "VASCO: Dabolim international airport witnessed high drama on Saturday morning when three men, suspected to be Sri Lankan refugees, tried to board a Frankfurt-bound charter on allegedly forged passports issued in Tamil Nadu. While two have been detained and are presently in the custody of Vasco police, the third escaped.Airport immigration PI Rajan Prabhudesai told TOI that officials of the Goa-Sharjah-Frankfurt Condor Airlines got suspicious about the men as the charter rarely sees non-Germans. Refusing to issue the trio boarding passes, the staff alerted immigration police.As Guruparan Nanasiam alias Muthaiyam Ravi, Kuwasingham Nivakaran alias Rathmanathan Janarthan and Nanvaneethal Santhivatoss (real name not known) were being interrogated by immigration police, Santhivatoss asked to use the toilet and made good his escape.Sources said he was allowed to go to the restroom without an escort and got away despite the immigration police desk being barely 40-50m away. While alerted CISF and immigration police personnel immediately began a search, Santhivatoss was not to be found.On the two other accused, Vasco police sources said, \"A Sri Lankan refugee card was found in one of the men's pockets raising suspicions that they are Sri Lankan nationals. If they are Sri Lankans they cannot hold Indian passports and their passports, issued at Trichunapalli, are therefore forged.\"Explaining further, sources said, \"Forgers often retain all the details in a stolen passport changing only the photo. Fake passports are often adopted by refugees to enter foreign countries and later take along their families too.\"Vasco police have registered a case against the two arrested under IPC Sections 465, 467 and 471, all dealing with forgery, and 12B of the Passport Act-travelling without valid passport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407347", "title": "Malaria workers ultimatum on job regularization", "text": "PANAJI: Over 60 contract malaria workers employed at the directorate of health services - and fighting for regularization of their jobs for years now - held a meeting on Saturday and have decided to set an ultimatum of March 15 for the state. The workers have threatened to drag the state government to court if their demand is not met within the timeframe.The malaria workers were made to call off the last of their many hunger strikes in November by the state government, by giving them an assurance that their demand would be met within 60 days. The deadline is now nearing expiry without any sign of jobs of the malaria workers being regularized.The workers, therefore, met at the Ambedkar park in Panaji on Saturday to decide their future course of action.The workers, most of who have been working for around 16 years on contract basis, have been fighting for regularization for the past two years - the November hunger strike observed by them being their fourth one.The workers claim that the government had created 87 posts to accommodate malaria workers on contract. They claimed that 70% of the posts created for them have been filled with new recruits from Sattari and sought to remind health minister Vishwajit Rane that \"the health minister is not just the minister for Sattari.\"The workers, who have organized themselves under the banner of Injustice to Malaria Workers Union (IMWU), were provided a written assurance by the state government to revive 43 posts and create 24 others to accommodate the 67 workers.\"We don't want any assurances from politicians, we want justice,\" said IMWU president Premdas Gaonkar said.At each of the workers' four indefinite hunger strikes, they were made to call off their protest by either chief minister Digambar Kamat or health minister Vishwajit Rane assuring them that their services would be regularized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407125", "title": "Voice samples of Gorhe, Narvekar to be collected", "text": "PUNE: In a major setback to Shiv Sena ahead of the civic polls, the district and sessions court gave permission to the Pune police to collect voice samples of Milind Narvekar, personal secretary of Sena executive chief Uddhav Thackeray and MLC Neelam Gorhe.Addtional sessions judge Vinay Joshi, on Saturday, dismissed the criminal revision plea of Narvekar and Gorhe to set aside the order passed by a magistrate court directing the police to collect their voice samples.The duo is facing charges of allegedly \"hatching a conspiracy to create law and order problem in Pune\" during a bandh on December 28, 2010.Senior police inspector (crime branch) Suhas Nadgouda said he will issue notices to Narvekar and Gorhe, directing them to remain present to collect their voice samples instantly.Gorhe's lawyer Shrikant Shivade said that he will study the court order before making any comment.Special public prosecutor Prakash Suryavanshi had cited the Supreme Court constitutional bench ruling in the case of Kali Katu Ogad and Bombay High court ruling in the case of AKL Telgi that collecting voice samples was not unconstitutional as it was part of the investigations process.Narvekar and Gorhe had challenged the magistrate court order dated March 23, 2011 under section 397 of the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPc) on the ground that it violates the fundamental rights of citizens. The plea reads that the CrPc amendment is silent on collecting voice samples of an accused and the magistrate has not directed the police to produce documents related to the interception of telephone calls made by Narvekar and Gorhe.It stated that the telephonic interception affects liberty of citizens and it is incumbent on the court to ensure that the material collected by the police is legally admissible.According to the plea, the magistrate has wrongly relied on sections 170 and 173 of the CrPc and 45 (a) of the Evidence Act to grant permission to the police to collect their voice samples.The magistrate has wrongly concluded that collecting voice samples of an accused amounts to a positive action as it would not have an adverse impact on the investigations, the plea stated.The plea mentions that the magistrate court has not properly appreciated the arguments of the defence and had failed to construe the true scope of various court rulings in similar cases. It had pleaded to quash and set aside the order directing the police to collect their voice samples.Narvekar and Gorhe were booked on the basis of their mobile phone conversation, intercepted by the police on December 27, 2010. The duo had obtained a bail from the court apprehending arrest.As per the FIR filed at the Bund Garden police station, during the conversation Narvekar told Gorhe: \"On December 28, at 6 am, 200-300 people should take to the streets in Pune. Early in the morning, at least five ST buses at Pune station, Swargate and Shivajinagar ST stands should be set ablaze.It must be done all of a sudden. Manage the TV crew and get the shots, so that it can reach the people. At 6 am, torch two trucks on the Mumbai-Pune highway so that the traffic coming towards Pune is automatically stopped. Also, torch two ST buses there.\"The 6 am to 5 pm bandh was called by the Shiv Sena and backed by the BJP and MNS to protest against the shifting of Dadoji Konddeo's statue from Lal Mahal. Protesters targeted PMPML buses, setting one bus ablaze and damaging over 55. The losses have been estimated at over Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11408514", "title": "HDMC to felicitate Kambar", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) will organize civic honor function to felicitate Jnanpith awardee Chandrasekhara Kambar in corporation premises in Hubli on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11408951", "title": "Cops book two Danish nationals for shooting slaughter house", "text": "COIMBATORE: Corporation authorities lodged a complaint with Ratnapuri police on Saturday against two foreign nationals and their guide for entering a slaughter house of the corporation without permission and taking photographs of the butchering process.The foreigners, who claimed to be from Denmark to the police, have taken photos and video clippings of the slaughtering of bulls and buffalos at the slaughtering house on Sathyamangalam Road. Corporation authorities suspect the foreigners were part of a global campaign against tanneries and their clandestine move may be part of efforts to target Indian leather products and their international market.When the corporation staff at the slaughter house demanded approval letter from the corporation authorities for shooting inside the premises, the intruders fled.Meanwhile, Dr V Ashokan, chief veterinarian at the corporation zoo near VOC Park, revealed that the foreign nationals had approached him seeking help to shoot at the slaughter house. Though he directed them to meet the Corporation commissioner, the foreigners didn't do so. Instead, they went to the slaughter house early morning on Saturday. Police have registered a case and started investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11411185", "title": "Black money: I-T gets wary about secret bank account names; asks for oath", "text": "NEW DELHI: In order to guard against possible leakage of names figuring in the secret bank accounts lists it has received from foreign shores, the Central Board of Direct Taxes CBDT has ordered the I-T department to obtain a signed undertaking from any government entity or department who demands the data for their own probe.The CBDT fears that if these names are leaked and they are publicised, global financial bodies like OECD and other tax exchange treaty countries will either stop or grow reluctant to share such data with India as this will scare away foreign investors in their respective economies.The CBDT, which at present in is possession of names in secret bank accounts like that of Liechtenstein's LGT Bank provided reportedly by the German government and over 9,900 pieces of information from several countries regarding illegal funds stashed abroad by Indian citizens, has instructed the Income Tax department to obtain a signed statement from those wanting it by stating that the data would only be used for \"tax purposes\" and \"tax evasion investigation\" and that its secrecy would be the responsibility of the official who takes it under his name.While the 'Top Secret' names have been circulated to a number of I-T investigation units in Delhi, Mumbai, Kochi and Ahmedabad among others, officials from the newly created Directorate of Criminal Investigation (I-T), tax assessment ranges and International Taxation units require the information for taking legal action as per their mandate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11410940", "title": "High-speed learning", "text": "For the love of speed...If the turnout at the inaugural Formula One season in India was any indicator, the nation, and its billion-plus population, is clearly enamoured with motorsports. And that's an audience that every player, on and off the circuit, wants to cater to, as soon as possible. In fact, just a couple of months after the grand success of F1, living up to its commitment of bringing the best international racing drivers to train passionate Indians, Mercedes-Benz has introduced India's first Performance Driving Academy. There are just three other such institutes globally from the brand.The driving force : During the academy's launch at the Buddh International Circuit in Noida recently, participants were trained on the high-performance AMG range from Mercedes-Benz. Present at the occasion were Peter Honegg, managing director and CEO, Mercedes-Benz India, Bernd Maylander, the official Formula One World Championship safety car driver, and Reinhold Renger, the chief instructor at the AMG Driving Academy. Speaking at the event, Honegg said, \"With the Buddh Circuit, we have laid strong foundations together for motorsports in India. The F1 debut was just the beginning. Mercedes-Benz takes this step further by offering India's first performance driving academy. Under the guidance of expert instructors, who are themselves former race drivers and champions, our patrons will now have an opportunity to hone their driving skills. Performance driving has come of age in India, and the popularity of AMG is testimony to that.\" Mercedes-Benz, along with Jaypee Sports International, has conceptualized the Performance Driving Academy to create a platform of high-octane experience for motorsports enthusiasts in India. The new academy will offer structured programmes to help groom new talent on the racing circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11407895", "title": "Siang districts face food crisis", "text": "ITANAGAR: At least two lakh consumers are facing shortage of PDS items in the Siang belt of Arunachal Pradesh as the FCI has failed to supply essential commodities to East, West and Upper Siang districts in the last four months.According to district food and civil supply officers of all three districts, essential items like rice, wheat and sugar were not made available to the consumers by the FCI since September last year.Reportedly only 1700 MT of rice was supplied by FCI in August last which was insufficient for the three districts.These facts were apprised to a high level team comprising state's Finance, Planning and PWD Minister Chowna Mein, Planning Commission of India (PCI) member Dr Soumitra Chowdhury, PCI's NE advisor Brahmo Chowdhury visited Pasighat in East Siang district yesterday, official sources said here today.The team along with East Siang DC Talem Tapok and host of officials visited the empty FCI base depot to take stock of the situation. Tapok expressed serious concern over the issue and informed that all the districts are passing through a very critical situation owing to shortage in essential commodities since September last.He said that lifting of food grains from alternate FCI depot of Assam also could not be materialized. He drew attention of the members towards the dependency of the people on PDS and further appealed to sort out the issue at the earliest to avoid PDS scarcity in the districts.The PCI member assured to take up the matter with the FCI authorities to normalize the supplies at the earliest, sources informed.Meanwhile, the CMD of FCI, Siraj Hussain informed that a separate railway rack of food grains and levy sugar for Arunachal Pradesh is being earmarked.He also committed that a FCI GM for Arunachal Pradesh would be posted at Itanagar to mitigate the present food crisis. The CMD made the commitment during a meeting with the state minister for food and civil supplies, Kamlung Mosang, Union minister for food and public distribution, Dr K.V Thomas, food and public distribution secretary, B C Gupta and other senior officers of the food ministry and FCI at New Delhi on Friday, a source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408617", "title": "The Silk Route", "text": "In her death, Silk Smitha has still proved lucky for her erstwhile distributors. The Dirty Picture's Telugu dubbed version released in theatres across Andhra Pradesh has broken a 25-year record in box office collections (in dubbed films category). The film has garnered a Rs 3.5 - Rs 3.75 crore business so far, over three times as much as the Telugu version of the big banner Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jaayenge (which had released in Telugu as Preminchi Pelladuthaa and grossed Rs 1.25 crore).While DDLJ had focussed on landscapes of another variety, the asset-fest shouldered admirably by a voluptuous Vidya Balan proved that Silk Smitha's name still sells. And of course, the film vindicated local distributors who frown upon high-brow content that they feel doesn't please the masses. \"Sex sells,\" they maintain.It possibly does, evident from the many sex bombs that the industry has introduced and hailed over the years, each lasting for a few dozen films and then beating a retreat either into character roles or into oblivion. Tracing the sex bomb's life once the arc lights have faded tends to take a romantic turn __ a life of struggle with producers who once chased them moving on to sign up newer faces. But these women say they know their mathematics now. They also know where the money is.Mumaith Khan, who was after her hit song in 'Pokiri' at the top of her game, was considered as the crowd puller for many a fi lms. Her various item numbers in a range of fi lms are still fresh on websites and blogs, with testosteronecharged men leaving behind comments about the lady who for many was their first love. After a seven-year stint in Tollywood, Khan says she is \"taking a break\" and has moved to Mumbai. But like film distributors, she too is clued into money, the money she makes that is and not the film's business. Speaking of her Telugu item numbers, she says, \"I do not know the lyrics of the songs I danced to. I just went for the shoots, rehearsed my steps, gave my shot and came back with my money.\" With properties in Hyderabad and Mumbai, she says she did well for herself and her family. Ask her what her remuneration at her peak was and she rebukes softly: \"I have Rs 19.5 lakh as income tax this fi scal and I don't want taxmen at my door.\"Industry insiders may say Khan is no longer as much in demand as she was until a couple of years ago, but she has possibly moved on. She does claim that she drew as much as leading ladies of the industry, but sounds content now. \"I own a property in Hyderabad's upmarket area,\" she says, and then laughs. That she is making a point about her achievement is hard to miss. And the crop of present-day bombs is still blooming.Currently enjoying her meet-andgreet phase in Tollywood is Shweta Bhardwaj whose item number \"We love bad boys\" in the much-awaited Mahesh Babu starrer, `The Businessman', has created quite a buzz. Having reportedly charged a neat sum (she claims the reported figure of Rs 50 lakh is true) for the song, the lady who is currently based in Mumbai says she might move to Hyderabad.\"I like the city,\" she says, but refuses to be bracketed in the `item girl' category, possibly aware of the short shelf life the branding entails. She says she is an \"actress\" and did the item number because it was a Puri Jagannadh request. However, Bhardwaj, who hails from New Delhi does say that there will always be room for the item girl in fi lms since stories might have a heroine playing the girl next door and the film's hero may not always have a dream sequence where the lady love would shed her clothes and inhibitions.Even character actors who never really broke into the big league of say a Mumaith Khan or a Silk Smitha, but would broadly fall in the same category have also grown in their own way, but their lifelines in the industry match those of the bigger stars. Kalyani (better known as Karate Kalyani) who played a fl irtatious cook in Ravi Teja-starrer `Krishna' and shared screen space with Brahmanandam, says the film's popularity and her role gave a boost to her remuneration__ Rs 20,000 for a 6 am to 6 pm shift. \"When I started, I would get Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,000 for a 12-hour shift,\" she says. Kalyani is now married, lives in Vizag and does television and even anchors a show, `Apartment Aunty' for a regional Telugu channel.Actors like Anuradha, Silk Smitha's contemporary, are only too familiar with the life cycle of artists playing the vamp, the item girl or the all-rolled-into-one glamour element of the fi lm. Their only shot at longevity in the industry are character roles, and if they don't come by, it's best to get married and settle down, they say. Beating a retreat at the right time is crucial, says Anuradha who had almost dethroned the Silk siren in the Eighties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11408465", "title": "Surge in pancreatitis cases worries experts", "text": "CHENNAI: The next time your preteen or teenage child has a severe stomach ache that refuses to calm down with general medication, do not take it lightly. It could be a symptom of tropical pancreatitis, a condition of inflamed pancreas, prevalent in south India, especially Kerala. Doctors say tropical pancreatitis mainly affects children andif ignoredcouldleadtodiabetes andeven pancreaticcancer.Tropical pancreatitis, as the name suggests, is commonly found in tropical countries and usually affects the pancreatic ducts. Despite yearsof research,theexactcauseof thecondition has notbeen found.\"People used to think malnutrition was the reason. Or it could be highcholesterolor prolongedeating of contaminatedfood,but nobody is sure,\" said Dr CS Pitchumoni, a gastroenterologist from Saint Peter's University in New Jersey while speaking at the Indo-US internationalsymposium on pancreas,held in thecity on Saturday.Nearly 4% of chronic pancreatitiscases reportedin thecountry are tropical; doctors say the percentage is slightly higher in Kerala. Experts atthesymposium agreedthereis no cure yet. \"Itcan only be managedby taking a low cholesterol, low calcium diet. Constant medical and cancer surveillance is a must because an inflamed pancreasis a pre-malignant condition and produces carcinogens,\" said Dr T S Chandrasekar from Medindia Hospitals.\"Smoking and alcohol can actually change the working function of the pancreaticcells,soeven treatments stop working,\" said Dr Chandrasekar.Doctors say the biggest problem is lack of awareness among rural doctors anddismissalof symptoms. \"Peoplethinkitiscirrhosis,ulcer or common stomach infection. Even after itleadsto malnutrition, people ignore it, thinking better nutrition helps\" saidDr Pitchumani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407435", "title": "Notices served on three AMRI directors' homes", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Saturday served proclamation notices on residences of three AMRI directors - Aditya Agarwal, Rahul Todi and Priti Sureka. On Friday, they were declared proclaimed offenders. The notices were served on Agarwal's residence at 118, Southern Avenue, Rahul Todi's residence at 2/28, Sarat Bose Road and Priti Surekha's residence at 29E, Ramkrishna Samadhi Road, Phoolbagan.The three directors will now get a month to surrender. If they do not do so, the accused might have to spend three to seven years in jail even if acquitted in the original case. Apart from being the directors of AMRI Hospitals, Priti and Aditya are wholetime directors of the Rs 3,700-crore-plus Emami Group while Rahul is one of the promoters of the Rs 1,000-crore Shrachi Group.C H Karim, the chief judicial magistrate of Alipore court, accepted a plea from the public prosecutor and ordered proclamation of attachment against the three AMRI directors accused in the fire case. This means, photographs of the three will be published in newspapers seeking information about them.Those arrested are AMRI directors R S Goenka, Manish Prashant, D N Agarwal, S K Todi and Ravi Todi and senior executives Sanjiv Paul and Satyabrata Upadhyay. The Alipore CJM court remanded them in police custody till January 19.The arrest warrants against three have been pending since December 17. Police have charged them under Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the IPC, through the defence counsels have been referring to Uphaar fire incident and Bhopa gas leak tragedy where the accused were booked under 304 A (negligence), which is a bailable section.Since the proclamation of attachment has been granted, the directors have time till February 6 to surrender. If they ignored this notice, police have the power to attach their movable and immovable property, said a senior police officer.After attaching the property, police can submit a fresh prayer before the court to declare the accused proclaimed offenders, said a lawyer.The moment the court grants the next prayer, an additional section, 174A, will be tagged along with the original charges slapped on the three.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408746", "title": "Birds in zoo put on worm diet", "text": "MYSORE: Winged guests housed at the Mysore Zoo are getting special attention this season. Birds at the conservation centre are given mealworms, which are bred in the zoo. Aimed at maintaining nutritional needs of birds, the zoo is providing mealworms as a special supplement and the production of mealworms has increased drastically at the zoo. Mealworms, which include super-worms and other types of insects, are live feeds for birds, reptiles and mammals.Zoo authorities started live feed culture centre at its premises almost a year ago. The production of live feeds was 50 to 60 gm per day, which has now jumped to 400 gm per day. Live feed enhances natural activities of insectivorous zoo animals and their health condition and offspring. Apart from grasshopper, termites, beetles and some other insects, rats and mice are also bred in this centre. The mealworms produced are food for around 25 to 30 varieties of birds, five mammals and small snakes in the zoo. Authorities claim that such a kind of live feed centre in the country was first started first in Mysore zoo.Live feed centre has been supervised by two specially trained zookeepers. Wheat bran, sliced vegetables, including carrot, potato and some other vegetables are food for insects.The insects are kept in different trays and hatched eggs by adult insects are kept separately to increase the production, which will be monitored by veterinary doctors in the zoo. Mealworms do not drink water as they absorb water from their food sources. They are sensitive to earth's magnetic field. Veterinary officer Dr S Dhanalakshmi said, \"Live feed culture was started in the view of providing supplement diet for birds and snakes. Live feeds have helped to nurture health and breeding of birds. Cleanliness is maintained to avoid infections in the centre.\" There are 30 varieties of pheasant birds in zoo. \"For instance, nine varieties of adult pheasant birds used to produce around 80 to 100 chicks every year but after providing them live feeds it has produced around 180 chicks last year,\" she said.Production of mealworms Hatched eggs by insects will turn into larvae and when larvae become pupa, it will be kept in separate boxes. Larvae will grow up to be mealworms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11407464", "title": "Ban not the right way to handle Made Snana", "text": "The Made Made Snana ritual at Kukke Subramanya temple hit the headlines after the fact-finding team of the Karnataka State Hindulida Vargagala Jagrutha Vedike had to face mob anger. When the Vedike challenged Pejawar Mutt seer Vishwesha Theertha to spell out his stand on this issue, he said he would neither support nor condemn the ritual which has been observed for centuries.The seer told STOI he would reveal his solution to the issue during the meeting today with Nidumamidi Mutt chief pontiff Veerabhadra Chennamalla Seer in Bangalore. He also spoke about the Paryaya controversy. Paryaya is a religious ritual which takes place every alternate year at Udupi Krishna Mutt, where the pooja and administration of the mutt is delegated among seers of 'ashta matha'' (eight mutts) established by Dvaita philosopher Madhvacharya. Excerpts:* Will you object if the state government bans Made Made Snana at Kukke Subramanya and other places in the state?I will not oppose the government's decision.* Does it mean you will not accept the government's decision?I'm not interested in a ban as it involves the sentiments of thousands of devotees. Their feelings have to be taken into account. A ban is not the right way to address this ritual, as it will hurt the sentiments of devotees who have been performing it for ages. If the state bans it, I will neither oppose it nor launch a protest.* What do you propose? Is there a middle path to end this controversy surrounding this ritual which has been slammed by progressive thinkers and even seers of some mutts?Yes, instead of banning it, there is a middle path which will be akin to banning it.* Can you explain what you are suggesting?It will be spelt out at during the dialogue with Nidumamidi mutt Veerabhadra Channamalla Seer on Made Made Snana in Bangalore on Sunday afternoon.* There's a controversy regarding the exclusion of Puttige mutt seer Sugunendra Thirtha from taking part in the paryaya festivities. What's your view on this?This is neither new nor did it crop up this year. It's been going on for 16 years. Those seers who violate rules on foreign travel have been excluded from the paryaya procession. Puttige mutt seer has not been called for the paryaya for the past eight years. He has been called for other functions of the mutt. Even during my paryaya, he was not called for the procession.* Can't you as a senior seer intervene and solve this row?This ritual pertains to differences and opinions and they're entitled to them. I won't interfere. I cannot do anything about it. Everyone is independent and nobody has the right to enforce others' opinion on them.* Do you think paryaya is valid with only seven seers taking part?It's not compulsory that all mutt seers take part in the paryaya. Those who can will come. There is no hard and fast rule that all should come and only then it will be a paryaya.* There has been a hue and cry against Pankthi Bedha (discrimination in serving meals) in mutts and temples. Progressive thinkers say it's the precursor of Made Made Snana...There are two types of pankthis in Udupi Krishna Mutt -- one is Brahmanara Pankthi and the other is Sarvajanika pankthi. Pankthi bedha doesn't propagate discrimination or untouchability against anybody or any caste. The pankthi bedha was practised even by Basavanna (social reformer and philosopher) who didn't want to partake food with those who consume liquor or have meat. If you think Brahmins discriminate others during pankthi bedha, it is not so. This system is to serve meals to Brahmins who are orthodox (follow 'madi') as opposed to some Brahmins who are not. There are some Brahmin communities whose members drink liquor and there are Brahmins from North India who eat meat. They too are not allowed in Brahmanara pankthi. There is a 'saravajanika pankthi' where anybody can take part and have meals.* How do you ascertain that a Brahmin who takes part in Brahmanara pankthi really follows 'madi'?We cannot test or vouch for it -- it's according to their conscience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11406915", "title": "Case registered against Amar Singh, Jaya Prada, others", "text": "KANPUR: Another criminal case was registered against Amar Singh, president, Lok Manch Party and four others, including Jaya Prada , in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate, Kanpur, on Saturday.Complainant Ravi Shankar Balmiki, a resident of Sakeera in Anwarganj, charged Amar Singh, Arvind Singh, Jaya Prada, Ubaidulla and Ravindra Singh under Section 406/420/and 506 IPC.The court registered the case and fixed January 10 for recording of the statement of the complainant.The complainant claimed that he belongs to Schedule Caste and president of Sudarshan Samaj. He had contested Lok Sabha elections in 2004. The accused were office-bearers of Rashtriya Lok Manch and he had expressed his desire to contest Assembly election from Arya Nagar from that party.The accused had asked him to spend money and get involved in canvassing for the party. The complainant claimed that believing their statement, he appeared in various rallies of the party and spent a sum to the tune of Rs 10 lakh to make the rallies successful.On August 17, 2011, the party leaders had declared him a candidate from Arya Nagar Assembly seat.On January 4, he was surprised when he witnessed a news published in a newspaper that Lok Manch Party had declared Gaya Prasad as party candidate from Arya Nagar.Complainant reached the party district office at Rail Bazaar and met Ravindra Singh. The latter threatened and abused him. Amar Singh, Arvind Singh and others also threatened him of dire consequences.Valmiki had urged the court to take appropriate action against the accused.One Rajendra Dhamaka, a resident of Ghatampur, had filed a complaint case against Amar Singh, Arvind Singh, Jaya Prada, Obaidulla Azmi and Ravindra Singh under same Sections.Dhamaka had claimed that he had been declared as party candidate from Ghatampur Assembly seat but later the party officials rejected his claim and gave ticket to Manoj Tyagi. The court had fixed January 9 for recording of statement of complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11407907", "title": "Leopard strays into city, injures three", "text": "GUWAHATI: For more than three hours the people of Silpukhri, one of the busiest areas here, had a harrowing time chasing a full-grown male leopard, which had sneaked into a shopping complex on Saturday at around 1.30 pm. Though the big cat was finally caught by forest officials, three onlookers were injured, one was seriously hurt.Traffic had to be diverted on the busy stretch as the crowd had swelled to a few hundred by the time the rescue team arrived.Scared by the crowd, the leopard jumped from the building and tried to hide in a drain. But people followed him there and when one from the crowd tried to hit it with a stick, the animal retaliated. An eye-witness said the leopard pounced on him. \"The person was severely wounded in the face. There were deep cut marks,\" the eye-witness said.Thereafter, the leopard crept out of the drain and hid inside the office of a nearby building. \"The moment he entered the office room, the door was bolted from outside,\" said another eye-witness.A 10-member team from the Assam state zoo later tranquilized the animal. But it was not an easy task since by then the crowd had gone out of control. \"We have successfully rescued the leopard, but it was not an easy task. The crowd was the major obstacle. At one point we almost gave up. But at last we were successful,\" said zoo divisional forest officer, Utpal Bora.The leopard is believed to have strayed into the city from the nearby Nabagraha hills. Almost all the 18 hills dotting the city have leopards. There are about eight leopards in the zoo, majority of which were rescued from different parts of the city in recent years.In 2010, one person was injured when zoo officials tried to rescue a three-and-a-half-year-old leopard from the Kahilipara area here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408554", "title": "Zakir Husain College renamed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Renaming Zakir Husain College as 'Zakir Husain Delhi College' was like revisiting the history of the national capital and tracing Delhi's educational timeline.The long-time demand of the alumni to keep the legacy alive received approval after Zakir Husain Memorial Trust decided to introduce the name Delhi College to Zakir Husain College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11407781", "title": "Tornado kills one in Kendrapada", "text": "KENDRAPADA: About 180 thatched and tin houses were damaged and many trees uprooted in an unseasonable violent tornado that hit Dera, Endalapur, Tarapada and other villages under Rajnagar block of Kendrapada district on Saturday.At least one person was killed and 12 sustained injuries in the tornado. Jaladhar Rout (45) of Tarapada was killed when lighting struck during the tornado. Many cycles and paddy bags were tossed around like toys in Dera village, where at least six persons, including two children were injured by flying roof tiles and metal sheets, said villager Tapan Parida.Pranakrushna Das of Endalapur village had a narrow escape in the tornado when some villagers managed to drag him out of his grocery shop, damaged in the storm.The fish market at Rajnagar was also damaged in the tornado, Sahoo said. \"Many customers were purchasing fish and meat from my shop at Rajnagar. Suddenly at 11am the tornado hit our areas. My tin roof shop was damaged,\" said Sankar Behera a fish seller of Rajnagar.Road communication was affected due to uprooting of many trees. About 20 boats were also damaged in the tornado. Rajnagar tahsildar Bhabatarana Sahoo and other government officials rushed to the tornado-hit areas, including two medical teams. \"The authority will clear the roads soon by removing the trees. Some schools and cyclone shelters in tornado-hit areas are jam-packed with women and children,\" Sahoo said. \"We have started distributing food to the affected people. The authority arranged polythene covers for the affected too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11408181", "title": "'Public-private partnerships can solve water crisis'", "text": "JAIPUR: Need for special campaigns to save water and for public-private-partnerships (PPP) models in the sector was underscored in the seminar on 'Management of Water for Future' on the first day of the 10th Pravasi Bhartiya Divas (PBD) being held here.Welcoming the delegates as the first session began on Saturday, Union minister, Overseas Indian Affairs, Vayalar Ravi , also raised concerns over water wastage and said it should be curtailed. Happy with the turnout, he said \"The country needs more special campaigns like 'Save the Water' to spread awareness about water management,\" Ravi encouraged the delegates to form partnerships with panchayats for such campaigns. Adding the government could grant funds through the India Development Foundation of Overseas Indians, a not-for-profit trust registered by the Ministry.Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay said the centre is working in association with United Nations World Tourism Organisation (UNWTO) for creating a sustainable tourism model for India and will also focus on issues related to water. \"The government will soon have a policy for mandatory water re-cycling and rain-water harvesting for the hospitality industry in the country,\" he said.T M Vijay Bhaskar, joint secretary, Department of Drinking Water and Sanitation (DDWS) talked about the work done by the centre and the opportunities for overseas Indians in the sector. \"From bringing technology for providing good quality water in rural areas to supplying water through pipes - the opportunities are diverse,'' he said.State minister for PHED Jitendra Singh said the surface and ground water levels in the state are extremely low. To fulfill drinking water requirements, the state government is considering the PPP model in water and waste-water sectors and opportunities in it were discussed during the seminar.Additional chief secretary Ram Lubhaya, said, we are eying PPPs with both civil society and social entrepreneurs. \"A major challenge for the state is to bridge the increasing gap in demand and supply. The state has a large number of dry blocks and as a result, the government is unable to provide water to 31,000 habitations,\" Lubhaya said.Special emphasis was laid on importance of introducing treatment technologies in the rural areas and their proper implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406782", "title": "NIOS fetes 4 toppers", "text": "PATNA: National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS), Bihar and Jharkhand, on Saturday felicitated its four meritorious students. These students have brought honour to the state and school by being among toppers in senior secondary and secondary class examinations held in October 2010 and April 2011, a press note by NIOS regional director T N Giri said on Saturday.At a function held here on Saturday, Patna University VC Shambhu Nath Singh handed over the felicitation certificates to these students. The students are Nadia Afzal and Neetu Kumari of senior secondary class who have scored 86.80% and 85.80% respectively. Ranjan Kumar and Punam Devi of secondary class have scored 85% and 84.40% respectively.Apart from felicitation, NIOS has also given these meritorious students incentive money of Rs 5000 each for pursuing further education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406927", "title": "Modi to attend finance meet in Bhopal", "text": "PATNA: Bihar deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , who also heads the country's Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers on the Implementation of Goods and Services Tax, will leave for Bhopal on Sunday to attend a meeting of the committee, scheduled to be held there on January 9 and 10.Finance ministers of the states will discuss the provisions of Goods and Services tax which will be put up before the Union finance minister later. Modi will return on January 11.Taking exception to the fears of \"March loot\" expressed by opposition leaders, Modi said during the NDA rule in the state, \"March loot\" was unthinkable. Before NDA came to power, treasuries were kept open till late night on March 31 and bills prepared there itself for payment. This practice has been stopped, he said.Similarly, the practice of taking Vote on Account, prevalent during the RJD regime, has become history andnow and complete budget is being passed before March 31 every year. \"Even this year, 40% of the Plan allocation was finalized by December-end,\" he said and added in Bihar, like other states of the country, most of the Plan funds are utilized during the last three months that there's nothing unusual abou it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407362", "title": "Vats won't spill from March, promises KMC", "text": "KOLKATA: Come March, the city's garbage disposal system will get a complete makeover. Sights of garbage spilling over from open vats will be a thing of the past, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) officials assured on Saturday.To begin with, the civic body will replace some large vats located alongside major thoroughfares with portable and moveable compactors. These compactors will be bought under the Asian Development Bank-funded Kolkata Environment Improvement Project (KEIP) project. A Rs 20-crore project has been prepared for modernization of the city's garbage disposal system, a KMC conservancy department official said. This apart, the department will buy 5,000 new fibre-glass trash bins and place them in markets and in front of highrises.Some time in August last year, governor M K Narayanan had expressed his displeasure with the city's garbage disposal system. He had asked mayor Sovan Chatterjee to explain why the civic body had not taken timely action for efficient disposal of garbage from vats. The governor's advice to modernize the city's garbage disposal system had prompted the civic body to take up a plan accordingly.Under the plan, KMC will buy 20 moveable and 15 portable compactors that will take off load from existing vats and eventually pave the way for a system sans vats, said Debabrata Majumdar, KMC's member, mayor-in-council (conservancy).Initially, KMC had planned to remove some large vats from the city's prominent areas. Instead, portable compactors will be stationed at those places. A covered vehicle will come and take away waste from containers which will also be closed.\"We will handover the operation and maintenance to the agency that will supply them,\" said an official. This apart, the department will buy 20 moveable containers, each fitted to a covered vehicle that will carry garbage to Dhapa dumping ground. \"The advantage of these compactors is that it can carry four times more garbage than our existing vehicles. So, these compactors will reduce the number of vehicles that carry garbage to the dumping ground,\" an official said. Currently, the KMC conservancy department carries 4,000 tonne of garbage from 141 wards every day on 400 lorries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406659", "title": "Bomb hoax at Borivli railway station", "text": "MUMBAI: Panic gripped Borivli station after an unidentified person called cops claiming a bomb had been placed on platform number 8 around 4pm on Saturday. A team of GRP and RPF officials searched the station but found nothing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "11407095", "title": "PSHRC issues notice over woman losing twins due to alleged medical negligence", "text": "MANSA: Taking suo motu cognizance of a news item \"Women loses twins due to medical negligence\" in The Times of India on Friday, the Punjab State Human Rights Commission has called for a report from director, health services and family welfare, Punjab and Mansa civil surgeon.The commission, comprising chairperson justice Jagdish Bhalla and members, justice Baldev Singh, LR Roojam and Baljinder Singh, has sent a copy of the order and news item to principal secretary health, ADGP human rights, director health and civil surgeon for compliance before February 17.Sukhpal Kaur, wife of labourer Satpal Singh of Pakho village, was getting treatment from a health centre in Joga, but as she went into labour, she was referred to Mansa civil hospital. Alleged negligence of health authorities and incompetence in dealing with delivery cases cost the couple their twins.While one newborn died soon after delivery at the civil hospital in Mansa, the second died in the womb. After the first delivery, doctors on duty had referred the mother, midway through delivery, to \"any other big hospital\". As the mother was being rushed to another hospital, the second baby also died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11407780", "title": "Advertising 'meteor' Bal Mundkur passes on", "text": "MUMBAI: On Saturday morning, advertising in India lost Bal Mundkur to a major heart attack at his home on the banks of the Mandovi at Verem-and with that, a pioneering thinker and setter of standards passed on. Mundkur was 86.A little more than half a century ago, Mundkur founded Ulka, the Sanskrit word for 'meteor'. It was an advertising agency, but behaved like a meteor in the blue of the business. Its effect on creativity and client service practice was similar-sudden, transforming, still measurable today, even if the identity of its progenitor has dimmed somewhat in younger professional minds.He was the first Indian in a multinational advertising agency to quit and have his own set-up. Brands he built benefited hugely-Zodiac, Gabriel, Tata Fison-and perhaps, most importantly, he built an organization with a strength that has lasted. It was fourth on the league table when it was sold to Interpublic Group UK and today is Draft FCB Ulka, one of India's largest advertising groups.In July 2010, the advertising fires in him ablaze, Mundkur took up a piece of long unfinished business, a systematic look at a century of advertising in India. The book is a first of its kind, 'AdKatha - The Story of Indian Advertising'. It was launched in New Delhi at the hands of Union minister for information and broadcasting, Ambika Soni , at the Ad Asia conference, with copies going to delegates from a dozen Asian countries. It will soon be publicly available.Mundkur's skills in mobilizing funds for public causes have helped build the Cerebral Palsy Unit at the Crippled Children's Orthopaedic Hospital, revive the Asiatic Society Library and restore the Afghan Memorial Church, all in Mumbai, and bring the Trinity College Choir, Cambridge, to India.His was a spirit and energy that will be missed beyond the bounds of advertising and marketing. Mundkur created good professionals, assets that endure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407175", "title": "Sri Sri urges Kashmiri Pandit community to return to Valley", "text": "PUNE: Art of living founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar on Saturday urged members of the Kashmiri Pandit community to go back to Kashmir and start a new chapter to reclaim their identity.He was addressing the inaugural session of the first Kashmiri Pandit Youth Conference via video-conferencing.Organised by Youth 4 Panun Kashmir (Y4PK), under the aegis of Panun Kashmir, the conference was attended by members from the Kashmiri Pandit community. The two-day conference aims to discuss various social, cultural and political issues pertaining to them and to recognise and applaud the people who have made a difference to the community.Speaking from Germany, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar urged the community to go back to Kashmir, buy land and property to establish educational institutions to preserve their cultural heritage and save their identity. He also appealed to the Kashmiri Pandit youth to volunteer during the Amarnath Yatra and help the pilgrims, to bring together and serve their community better.Eminent Kashmiri youth icons like actors Kunal Khemu, Rahul Bhat, Sanjay Suri and Raj Zutshi, santoor player Abhay Rustom Sopory, international junior tennis player Ankit Raina, artist-painter Veerji Sumbly, cultural activist and vocalist Dalip Langoo, chief operating officer of Ten Sports, Dubai, Sanjay Raina and chief executive officer of Supermax, Dubai, were awarded the Kashmir Kirti Samman.The CD of the film 'The Great Martyr - Shri Tikalal Taploo' on the Kashmiri Pandit martyr was released on the occasion. Pancham, a Kashmiri calendar was also was also unveiled during the programme.Sri Sri Ravi Shankar also promised to hold seminars, discourses and camps at Bangalore on Kashmir Shivism in future.Agnishekhar, the convenor of Panun Kashmir, spoke on a wide range of national and community-specific issues.The first day concluded with a session on the historical awareness, exile consciousness and youth mobilisation required and the exodus, its reasons, the lessons learnt from it and the preventive measures needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11407123", "title": "Not allowed on tricky bridge, but bikers couldn\u2019t care less", "text": "MUMBAI: The rule of two-wheelers being banned on the J J flyover notwithstanding-the prohibition has been in place for almost twp years now-the traffic police have been catching an average 30 offenders on the elevated road every day.In fact, officials feel that after being resurfaced recently, the flyover has turned into the \"favourite racing track\" for speedsters.The police are apparently at their wits' end trying to create awareness and drive home the consequences of reckless driving. \"We have put up a number of boards on either end of the JJ flyover, clearly stating that two-wheelers are not allowed on it. New reflectors, cat's eyes and rumblers, which do not allow vehicles to speed, have been installed on the flyover. Signs stating that the speed limit is 30 kmph have also been placed at several places.We really want bikers to stop violating the rules for their own safety and stop taking the flyover for a speedy ride,\" said DCP Nandkumar Chaugule.According to the traffic police, many bikers, who go out for a \"spin\" at night, treat the newly resurfaced JJ flyover as their tracing track, completely regardless about the dangers that the bridge poses with its sharp bends. \"Unlike in the west, we do not have professional racing tracks or clubs for bikers here.Our youths watch bike stunts on TV shows and try them out on the streets of Mumbai. Racing is quite a rage on the Western Express Highway at night. On one occasion, a speeding motorcyclist had flung a soda bottle at a traffic police car and fled,\" a senior police officer said, adding that most motorcyclist flout the prohibition rule on JJ flyover at night, when on most days, policemen are not around.\"We usually request the local police to assist in conducting nakabandis on JJ flyover from time to time. But there's a risk in posting police personnel on the bridge at night. To evade being caught and while fleeing, offenders often crash into the police barricades and have even knocked down the policemen,\" a traffic policeman said.Chaugule recounted another fatal accident that took place a few months ago on the flyover, in which a motorcyclist got flung off his bike and thrown over the parapet of the bridge, falling to his death, several feet down on the road.Even in December, 2011, a 16-year-old son of a policeman met with an accident, albeit not fatal, on the flyover, after his motorcycle skid while he was trying to overtake a car. He was treated for minor injuries and no charges were pressed against him as he was a minor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11408420", "title": "Airlines are ready to shift to new terminal", "text": "INDORE: Even as the possibility of inaugurating the new terminal at the Devi Ahilya Bai Holkar airport here brightens, the domestic airlines companies are all set to shift their offices to the new venue.\"The companies have sought a fortnight time to shift their offices to the new terminal. The AAI has asked the airlines companies the time required for shifting to the new terminal and they sought two weeks time,\" said Indore airport director, R N Shinde. He is in talks with the officials of the domestic airlines companies in this regard.The new terminal at the Devi Ahilya Bai Holkar has been constructed at a cost of Rs 135 crore and is expected to be functional by the end of this month.V V Gadgil, station manager, Air India , said, \"Five days ago, we were asked as to when are we planning to shift to the new terminal.\"According to sources, CISF, which takes care of the airport security, too will shift to the new terminal soon. The eco-friendly and constructed with advanced technologies and passenger facilities, the new airport terminal has been waiting for its inauguration for the past six months. The terminal, which holds the capacity to handle 500 domestic and 200 international travellers at a time, was supposed to be inaugurated on August 15 last year but was postponed to September 1 on the occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi. The delay in the operationalisation of the new terminal also delayed the newly announced flight services to city from other states.The new terminal has been constructed at a cost of Rs 135 crore and is expected to be functional by month-end. The terminal was supposed to be inaugurated on August 15 but was postponed to September 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11407110", "title": "Despite shortage, Haryana in no mood to purchase power from outside the grid", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With domestic, industrial and rural consumers facing long blackouts, the worst fears of cash-stapped distribution companies are coming true these days.Dysfunctional power generation units at Khedar, Yamunanagar and Panipat have added to the woes of consumers, even as authorities in the power department have expressed inability to purchase power from outside the grid due to poor financial position of the distribution companies -- Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN).Enquiries revealed that accumulated losses of UHBVN and DHBVN as on March, 2010 were Rs 3,690.63 crore and 1,894.10 crore respectively while total net borrowings of these companies stood at Rs 7,981.12 crore and Rs 7,287.5 crore respectively.Losses of this year, which include arrears worth Rs 3,700 crore, will push the situation from bad to worse. The state is getting a supply of 850 to 900 LU (lakh units) against the requirement of nearly 1,200 LU, sources said.Once considered to be favorite cities with people, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Bhiwani, Hisar, Ambala and Kurukehtra are now among places where consumers are the worst hit, they added.\"We are trying to manage the situation with available resources. Since there is no peak load due to AC or other equipment, the situation is very much within control. Of course, we are not in a position to buy power at higher rates. We are hopeful of improvement in the situation once our the 600 MW unit at Khedar and two units of 110 MW each at Panipat become operational by Sunday evening,'' Haryana power minister Ajay Singh Yadav said.\"Despite these problems, we have been able to provide a minimum of 17 hours' power supply to industry and urban consumers,\" he added.During the past one fortnight, there was hardly any day when Panipat thermal plant, having seven units of 110 MW each, worked to full capacity. Four units tripped on Thursday, but before they could be made functional, two more units tripped on Saturday morning. Both the units were expected to be operational by Monday.One unit of 300 MW Yamunanangar plant is closed since September while the Khedar unit is under repair for the past fortnight. \"Khedar unit is likely to be synchronized after maintenance works latest by Sunday night. While one unit of Panipat would be operational by Sunday morning, the other may take two more days,'' Anurag Aggarwal, managing director of Haryana Power Generation Corporation Ltd (HPGCL) said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11409119", "title": "Mine rehabilitation, reclamation plan ready", "text": "BANGALORE: A model mine rehabilitation and reclamation plan based on mines in Bellary, Chitradurga and Tumkur districts, will be submitted to the Supreme Court and Karnataka government, says V K Bahuguna, director-general , Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education (ICFRE), Dehradun.\"We have done an environment impact assessment (EIA) study on this issue. An eight-member team, including experts, foresters and wildlife scientists conducted a field study. We will submit the report to the Supreme Court on January 20, and also to the Karnataka government ,\" he told reporters in Bangalore on Saturday.ICFRE's advanced centre for mining rehabilitation in Bangalore undertakes a systematic study on the topic. It has been functioning since October last year, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11407975", "title": "Life convict argues his case in HC, gets reprieve", "text": "MADURAI: A life convict appeared before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court after obtaining emergency leave from prison authorities, argued his case and got a reprieve which may prove vital for establishing his innocence in the rape-murder case in the days to come.P Veera Bhaarathi, an engineer, is undergoing life term at the Madurai central prison after being convicted of rape and murder of a minor girl.He sought a direction to the DGP and inspector of Aruppukottai town police station, to obey an order issued by the home secretary on May 2, 2011 to put him through a lie-detector test. The HC has now asked the DGP to consider his request. Bhaarathi was charged with rape and murder in 1999 and the Srivilliputhur principal sessions judge convicted him along with two others and awarded him death sentence. However, the death sentence was reduced to life imprisonment by the Madras high court and the Supreme Court upheld the order.A turning point in his life was his learning law in the prison. During the course of the studies, he came to know that an accused can volunteer to undergo lie-detector tests and the result of such tests can be taken as evidence to arrive at a conclusion as to whether he is guilty or not. Bhaarathi maintains that he is innocent and that he was falsely implicated. He submitted a representation to the home secretary on February 16, 2011, seeking a re-investigation by subjecting him to polygraph test, narco-analysis and brain electrical activation profile test. His request was forwarded to the DGP. Saying the DGP has not taken any action, Bhaarathi moved the court and argued the case himself.He made extensive submissions citing guidelines issued by the NHRC on polygraph test. He said the sessions judge, while convicting him, indicated that there was no positive evidence to prove as to who actually committed the murder. Therefore, the identity of the accused is still in doubt and narco-analysis and other scientific methods of investigation would prove the case, he said.The special government pleader submitted that the representation is pending with the DGP. Justice K K Sasidharan said: \"The legality and correctness of the prayer made by the petitioner is a matter to be considered by the government. The petitioner is now in jail and at least he is having a profound hope that he would be in a position to prove his innocence, notwithstanding the fact that the conviction has been upheld by the Supreme Court. I do not want to say anything now, which would have the effect of upsetting his hope.\"The judge directed DGP to dispose of the representation as expeditiously as possible and in any case, within a period of two months. The judge also said he had not considered the merits of the matter and it is for the DGP to decide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "11407788", "title": "7 excise officials injured in attack", "text": "ANGUL: Seven excise officials were critically injured when some illegal liquor traders attacked them at Paripara village, about 25 km from here, within Nisha Industrial police limits on Saturday.The condition of two officials is critical. They have sustained injuries on their head, ears and hands.No arrest had been made till last reports came in. Prime accused Madhaba Behera, a illegal liquor trader, is absconding.Twenty excise officials and 10 armed policemen were present during the raid carried out at Behera's house at 8 am on Saturday. They were led by inspector Ramendra Nayak.When officials entered Behera's house, 4 to 5 members of his family attacked them with sharp weapons. They later told police about the incident who brought them to the hospital.A case has been registered at Nisha industrial police station. Superintendent of police ( Angul) Satyabrata Bhoi said attackers have been identified and would be nabbed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11408092", "title": "TA band enthralls with its melodies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After having performed in 30 cities across the country under Bharat Parikarma campaign, the fusion band of Territorial Army (TA) performed at the plaza in Sector 17, Chandigarh, on Saturday.The event was organized by the Territorial Army Group Headquarters, Western Command, as part of the 62nd Territorial Army Raising Day celebrations.The band comprising close to 90 musicians enthralled the people with its popular compositions of chartbusters.TA Group Commander Brigadier Ashwini Sharma said their nation-wide tour aims at making people aware about Territorial Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11408770", "title": "\u2018It\u2019s been two years, I\u2019m still looking for a school to take my kid\u2019", "text": "Syed Umer Farooq wanted - wants - to become an automobile engineer but was forced to leave school after class VII because no school wants him. And the law is not helping either.Syed is now 18 and suffers from muscular dystrophy. He completed class VII in 2009 from Shradhanjali Integrated School (SIS ) in Lingarajapuram, Bangalore. SIS, which is a special school, only goes up to class VII and Syed has been looking, increasingly desperately, ever since for another school to take him. But in the two years since 2009, he's been refused admission by 30 schools.The revolutionary Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009 will not come to his rescue for he falls outside of its purview. According to the RTE Act, a child is entitled to free and compulsory education till the age of 14. But Syed is already 18, so the schools are able to turn him down without fear of prosecution.Adding to the confusion, another law - The Persons with Disabilities (Equal opportunities, protection of rights and full participation ) Act, 1995 - says every child with a disability has the right to free education till the age of 18.\"It's tricky. The RTE Act says Syed is not entitled to compulsory education because he is already 18. But the Persons with Disabilities (PWD ) Act says he is. With different laws saying different things, cases like Syed's become more complicated and justice difficult,\" says Jay Kumar of Mobility India, Bangalore, which works for equal rights for persons with disabilities.As policymakers and experts debate the effectiveness of the RTE Act, the Syed family's hopes of seeing their son going back to school - and some day becoming an automobile engineer - are fading with every passing day.\"Two years of my son's life have already been wasted,\" says Syed's father, Syed Saleem, a small businessman from RT Nagar. \"The mainstream schools don 't say no directly. They just delay the admissions process, citing one excuse or another. Most of them told me their classrooms are on the first or second floors, which Syed cannot access.\" And the special schools, says Saleem, charge exorbitant fees.Experts say refusing admission to a disabled child is a clear violation of the PWD Act. The RTE Act says free and compulsory education is to be given to all children aged between six and 14, and makes it binding on all public and private schools to reserve 25% of their seats for children from the \"disadvantaged sections\". Section 3 states \"disadvantaged sections \" includes children with disabilities as specified under the PWD Act.Niranjan Aradhya, member, Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (KSCPCR ), says the 30 schools Syed names have all violated the child's fundamental right to education by not admitting him.\"Schools cannot shy away from their responsibilities on the pretext that they lack the infrastructure needed to accommodate special children. They need to be accessible and must have special educators to assist special children,\" adds Aradhya.Janardhana AL, programme manager of Association of People with Disability ( APD), Bangalore, says that with no ramps, hand railings and accessible toilets for differently-abled children, most schools in Bangalore are not equipped to accommodate disabled children. \"Inclusive education, therefore, is not simply about disability but about ensuring that all children, regardless of poverty, disability, caste or gender, are able to attend school,\" adds Janardhana.An administrative officer with a popular private school in Bangalore says, on the condition of anonymity, that upgrading infrastructure to accommodate special children \"is a costly affair\". The official adds, \"The government needs to support us financially so that we can upgrade our infrastructure to be able to accommodate children with disabilities.\"With no proper survey of the disabled population in Karnataka, activists fear that several thousand disabled children are forced to sit at home, with no access to education. According to the 2001 Census, Karnataka has a total of 9,40,643 d i s abl e d people, of which a third are children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11407862", "title": "Artistic hands, creative mind", "text": "LUDHIANA: Creativity is his second name. Whatever he does, he adds a touch of his individuality. He weaves magic with hands and preserves it for future generation. And that was the reason why Swaranjit Singh, 54, of Dugri Urban Estate, phase II, chose to be a civil engineer.He loves to make models related with rural Punjab and has made many of ingenious system of rural irrigation using a bull, a bullock cart and a windmill. Even when he had to construct his house, he first made a model and then gave the exact look to his house. Swaranjit started imitating models in 1979 when he had seen a horse made with rubber in a small shop near clock tower. \"When I had seen that horse, I had no clue how I would make it, but I made it with cement and gave it a brass look.\" He said he had made a model of ingenious system of rural irrigation in which water could be culled out with turbine but then had to dismantle it because it was difficult to keep it in home.A former student of Guru Nanak Engineering College, Swaranjit stays with his father, wife and son in Dugri. His son Charanjot helps him in making models. He said, \"My father is in love with making things with his own hands.\"\"There was a rainwater pipe outside which was giving a shabby look. So he gave it a shape of a tree and nobody could guess that it was a water pipe,\" said his wife Harpreet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11409844", "title": "Did the first bath in 213 years take the sheen off Hawa Mahal?", "text": "JAIPUR: A controversy has now erupted after Jaipur's 213-year-old iconic monument Hawa Mahal was washed for the first time two days ago.The clean-up drive, aimed at washing off pigeon droppings and removing stains deposited over the years, has damaged the structure at places and caused the famous pink colour to chip off. It is felt that cleaning by fire tenders that release water at high pressure was responsible for this.This was done as part of preparations for the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas 2012. The monument, which is almost symbolic of the Pink City, was built by Maharaja Sawai Pratap Singh in 1799. The clean-up drive, aimed at washing off pigeon droppings and removing stains deposited over the years, has now created a controversy since it has damaged the structure at places and caused the colour to chip off. \"Around five years ago, Hawa Mahal had been coloured with Khamir,\" Zaffurullah Khan, circle superintendent, archaeology and museums, said. Zaffurullah Khan, circle superintendent, archaeology and museums, said, \"However, pollution and bird droppings had dirtied it. An effort had been made in the past to clean it with dry cloth in vain. Therefore , it was cleaned with water. The dirt was cleaned without weakening the plaster or fading the colour. The water was sprayed by a fire tender. The fire safety officers themselves supervised the exercise to avoid any damage. The water was sprayed through a small pipe and not through the ones used to douse fire.\" TNN Besides, the officers of the archaeology and museum department were present during the cleaning,\" Zafar said.Hawa Mahal was built with the aim of enabling the ladies of the royal household to watch everyday life and royal processions in the city without being seen by others. It has 953 small casements, each with tiny latticeworked (jali) pink windows, small balconies and arched roofs with hanging cornices.While some opine the monument has lost its sheen due to washing, others feel Jaipur being a tourist city the monuments here should get proper maintenance and not just be spruced up to impress the NRIs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11406024", "title": "BJP\u2019s escape route: Kushwaha \u2018offers\u2019 to stay out of party", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pilloried for admitting former BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha, a key accused in UP's Rs 2,000-crore national rural health mission scam, the BJP sought to wriggle its way out of the controversy with Kushwaha \"offering\" to keep his membership suspended for the time being.Kushwaha on Saturday wrote to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari asking that his membership be put on hold although he would campaign against his one-time mentor BSP chief Mayawati. He said he was being dragged into controversy and is ready to face an \"independent\" probe agency.\"I do not want that as a result of malicious charges against me; BJP should be made a target of unnecessary controversy. Therefore, till the time allegations against me are not appropriately resolved, I will keep my membership of BJP under suspension\", the controversial BSP discard wrote to the BJP chief. The BJP promptly accepted the \"offer\".He also claimed that \"Due to a political conspiracy, I am being harassed by the Congress-led government at the Centre through BSP government of Uttar Pradesh and CBI...Till now, no charge has been framed against me in any court in any criminal case. I do not have any criminal history.\"With the party facing relentless criticism from in-house critics and the Congress pouncing on the gaffe to run down its commitment to fighting corruption as merely opportunistic, the BJP was left with no alternative but to seek to shield itself from the political heat generated by the decision to induct Kushwaha.Kushwaha's \"offer\" is believed to be the result of consultations within the BJP with senior leaders like L K Advani , Sushma Swaraj and M M Joshi having expressed their reservations over the scam-tainted leader's entry into the party. It was strongly argued that the move has seriously damaged BJP's bid to present itself as serious about combating graft.How far will keeping Kushwaha's membership suspended dilute the taint is unclear, but it gives the BJP some relief as its rigid refusal to reconsider the decision was only increasing its political discomfort with Congress leader Rahul Gandhi declaring on Saturday that the party had roundly rebuffed the former Mayawati loyalist.Kushwaha is understood to have assured that he will soon provide evidence of BSP's links with Congress, but BJP leaders remain skeptical over his utility and are hoping that the long election schedule in UP will help dim memories of the blunder that is seen to have impacted the party's middle-class base.The contradiction between attacking Congress and backing Team Anna on the Lokpal Bill and doing a deal with Kushwaha proved impossible to reconcile for the party leadership, despite Gadkari not being keen to reversing the decision. Not only did BJP MPs like Maneka Gandhi , Yogi Adityanath and Kirti Azad criticize the move, allies were unsparing too with JD(U)'s Sharad Yadav telling a rally in UP that BJP was as susceptible to corruption as SP, BSP and Congress.Earlier, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar had suggested that the BJP should review its decision in light of opposition within and as the move was an unhealthy precedent. While state-level RSS leaders apparently backed Kushwaha's induction, BJP leaders lobbied the Sangh against the decision. It was said the move was poorly conceived with informal inputs from self-professed psephologists and surveys substituting mature political assessments.BJP sources said that while hatching a grand plan to keep the Congress hobbled by relegating it to the fourth spot in Uttar Pradesh by wooing the non-Yadav backward vote in addition upper caste votaries, the party forgot that perceptions matter even in a caste-dominated landscape like UP.The party's self-goal in inducting Kushwaha on the premise that he will be a \"whistleblower\" on UP chief minister Mayawati's \"misrule\" and would rally his numerous caste voters towards the BJP was a serious miscalculation. The inherent opportunism of the move was bound to reflect poorly on the party and turn off the middle-class constituency.BJP leaders calculate that if the Congress does not live up to its promise and ends up behind the party, the result will further erode its hold on power at the Centre. Congress's aggressive allies like the Trinamool Congress will be encouraged to scale up their demands and use a veto on the Centre more freely. For this to happen, the BJP needed to do well and emerge the sole arbiter in UP in a hung assembly.Gadkari, who has seen himself as a \"doer\", has felt that a fillip to the BJP's appeal with the backward voter disillusioned with Mayawati will prove useful in powering the party past the Congress. The BJP has relied on opinion polls and informal inputs rather than the party feedback that are felt to have been misleading in the past. While the caste calculation might be sound, it does not factor in the party's national picture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11407767", "title": "Maoists kill villager in Bandhugaon", "text": "KORAPUT: The Maoists murdered a person accusing him of being a police informer at Koraput's Bandhugaon on Friday night. The deceased has been identified as Enkana Kadranga (35) of Tolopalesu village.The Odisha State Organising Committee of the outlawed CPI (Maoist) had given a 48-hour bandh call from Wednesday in protest against the alleged oppression of tribals by police in the state.In the latest incident, sources said a group of armed Maoists waylaid Kadranga who along with three other villagers was returning to Tolopalesu from Elgawalsa, which is about 100 km from here, within Bandhugaon police limits.The Red rebels killed Kadranga by slitting his throat with a sharp-edged weapon and assaulted the other two before freeing them. Villagers found Kadranga's body lying in a pool of blood near Elgawalsa on Saturday morning, sources added. Till Saturday afternoon, police had not reached the spot to recover the body for autopsy.Going by preliminary reports, SP (Koraput) Anup Kumar Sahoo said, \"We have information about the incident but details are yet to be known. As the crime spot lies in a remote area our men are taking all precautionary measures to reach the spot to recover the body. Details will be known once our men reach the spot.\"Sources said the Maoists belonging to the Jhanjabati Committee of the CPI Maoist) have left a letter at the crime spot in which the rebels have claimed that Kadranga was eliminated as he was passing information to the security personnel regarding the movement of the rebels. The letter has also warned police informers of dire consequences.However, brushing aside the Maoists allegations the SP said, \"The Maoists charges are baseless. Whenever they kill any person they brand his as police informer which is not true. In the latest incident we are yet to know the details of the deceased. We have never ever received any information from him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408672", "title": "Councillors busy unveiling projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the civic polls due in April, MCD councillors are busy planning inauguration ceremonies of various developmental projects sanctioned or completed in 2011. A rough estimate says that close to 250 such ceremonies are planned in the next one-and-a-half months.In December alone, the MCD House approved close to 350 road-naming , construction of schools and community centres, road widening and strengthening projects, construction of drains etc. Now the councillors are busy making rounds of their wards, interacting with RWAs and finding quick-fix solutions to long-pending problems.\"It is interesting to see that they are suddenly taking a lot of interest in the development of the ward, which has been lying in a state of neglect for the past four years,'' said Amit Gupta of Vasant Kunj.Sources say that next few weeks are going to be really busy for the councillors of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD). The civic agency pays Rs 10,000 for inauguration of community centres, schools and other important projects.For renaming parks and roads, councillors have to pay money from their pocket.\"The work orders for a large number of projects, which were cleared in the last four-five months, were recently cleared. We can inaugurate aproject only after the work order is out. With the MCD House clearing over 350 projects in the past few moths, councillors are busy planning the inauguration ceremonies. There is a rush as no inauguration is possible once the model code of conduct comes into effect ,\" said Jagdish Mamgain, chairman, works committee.Since May last year, over 400 projects to rename roads, parks and community centres have been sanctioned. Councillors are planning separate inauguration for each project. In some cases, one project has even been inaugurated twice. For example, House leader Subhash Arya inaugurated the three-storey underground parking project at Block 10 in Subhash Nagar twice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11407256", "title": "Do not give \u2018cold\u2019 shoulder to knee pain and arthritis", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The chilly conditions are here to stay and so those suffering from arthritis would be among the worse affected. Coping with this often debilitating disease can be even more challenging when the weather turns cold, making joints feel even more stiff and painful.Talking to TOI, Dr K D Tripathi, orthopedic surgeon of the city, said in fact, rheumatoid arthritis that first appears in the winter or spring may be more severe than arthritis that emerges in summer and fall, according to a French study of arthritis patients. In addition to cold temperatures associated with winter, viruses-which are more prevalent during winter-may play a part in the increased severity of winter-onset arthritis, the study had concluded\".In fact the city witnessed severe chilly conditions just in the starting of December which was replaced by warm conditions during the later half of the month, but with these rains and chilly conditions, the patients of arthritis are sure to get troubled as these conditions are the best suited to increase the pain of your joints, said the Doctor.But winter's chill should not strictly keep you indoors until it really gets chilly as walking outside in the winter has many health benefits for arthritis sufferers, including burning calories and helping you feel positive and motivated, he added.Moreover, inactivity can often associate with an increase in pain, suggested the medico. Exercise can help keep joints moving, strengthen muscles connected to joints, preserve bone health, and improve your overall health and fitness.If you are one of the patient suffering this painful ailment and less active during winter, smallest movement could be painful. Maintain your prescribed exercise as much as possible during winter months as continues movement will help fight off the stiffness that cold weather brings to your joints, he added.Talking of the diet that one should follow, Dr S K Shukla, former head of the department of medicine, MLN Medical College, Allahabad said that our body tends to become heavier in colder weather as our bodies instinctively crave warmth-generating and fat-building fare to help us stay warmer. But it is important to maintain a healthy diet throughout the winter and controlling excess weight, which puts undue strain on already sore joints, is a key element of managing your arthritis.In case the outdoor temperature is too cool, it is advisable to stay indoors and if you really want to go outside then it is important that you dress in layers. Instead of relying on single thermocot it is better to wear extra layer of thermals and do take the prescribed pain relief medicines, said Shukla. This will be helpful in controlling your pain and allow free movement. It is also observed that people tend to inactivity during winters which leads to frequent flare-ups. Hence it is advisable to perform regular exercises and keep yourself mobile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11409109", "title": "DVS shows he's the Boss", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has to deal with scepticism about his survival, he sent a strong message to bureaucrats that he's here to stay.Buoyed by the backing of BJP bosses in New Delhi, Gowda is asserting himself as a leader by taking control of the administration. His approach during meetings with officials and his approach in the recently concluded legislature session indicates that he's coming out of the shadow of former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa .While meeting senior bureaucrats in October 2011, Gowda was not as confident as he was on Thursday and Friday. His warning that not meeting targets would be dealt with sternly and his pat for good performance shows his new grip on the administration", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407364", "title": "Erratic weather: Rain, cold winds add to chill", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cold conditions were back in the state capital with overcast skies and drizzles on Friday. The maximum temperature plummeted to 16 degrees Celsius, which was six degrees below normal. Cold winds added to the chill, and foggy conditions in the morning affected the rail, road and air traffic. However, the night temperatures were high. The minimum temperature was 10.5 degrees, four degrees above normal.State Met director J P Gupta said that similar conditions would prevail on Saturday. \"The change in the weather has been caused by a circulation over east UP. The circulation is getting moisture feed from the Arabian sea, resulting in showers in some parts of the state on Friday. On Saturday, rainfall is expected in a few parts of the west UP and isolated places in the east UP. In Lucknow, skies will remain cloudy with possibilities of fog in the morning and in the night. Light showers may also occur. The circulation would last for two days,\" he predicted.People woke up to thick dense fog and overcast skies in the morning. The day temperatures were down. Similar conditions had prevailed in mid December as well. But thereafter, the weather had become warm. The warm spell ended with heavy rainfall on the New Year day.It was followed by yet another warm spell which has now been broken due to showers. The unusual weather trend this winter has left people surprised. While the longest foggy spell was witnessed in December, the heaviest rainfall on the New Year day in last 60 years had thrown the normal life out of gear.Similar weather conditions were reported from other parts of the state. While Shajahanpur recorded 14.5 degrees Celsius maximum temperature, Hardoi recorded 15.5 degrees, Kanpur 15.8 degrees, Moradabad 15.9 degrees, Bareilly and Meerut16 degrees each and Lakhimpur Kheri recorded 16.4 degrees Celsius. While the maximum temperatures across the state were 1-6 degrees below normal, the minimum temperatures were 1-5 degrees above normal. No significant change is expected in the next 24 hours.The districts where visibility on Friday morning dropped to 200 metres or less were Hardoi, Kanpur, Hamirpur, Lucknow, Rae Bareli, Allahabad, Varanasi, Gorakhpur and Ghazipur. Etawah recorded the lowest minimum temperature of 4.6 degree Celsius.The foggy and cloudy conditions will continue in most parts of the state on Saturday as well. The circulation is expected to fizzle out soon. Thereafter, the night temperatures would drop. The showers and snowfall in the hill region would also lead to a drop in the temperatures in plains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11407768", "title": "Loutolim man booked in water tanks case", "text": "MARGAO: Following the flying squad visit to Carvota-Loutolim on Friday where 20 water tanks belonging to Seby Vaz were seized, the Maina Curtorim police registered offenses against Vaz for violating the election code of conduct.Incidentally, Salcete deputy collector and sub-divisional magistrate D M Redkar further complained to the police that he was verbally abused by Vaz during the site inspection.During the inspection, Redkar along with joint mamlatdar asked Vaz for bills of the water tanks. Although he showed them the bills, he refused to submit them for verification and a verbal altercation ensued. Apprehending a tussle, Redkar called the police. The water tanks of 500 litres each meant for storing water have been kept at Fatorda for conducting a panchanama as they had violated the code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11408404", "title": "Indore police in talks with B\u2019lore co to set traffic system in order", "text": "INDORE: The city may have unique traffic management system, if the Indore police have its way.And a Bangalore-based NGO, Mapunity, will help it realize hassle-free commuting by providing software solution.Sridharan Raman, co-ordinator of Mapunity, discussed at length the traffic management plan-related issues for Indore city with city SSP A Sai Manohar during his day-long visit to the city on Friday. As per the plan, the software for the traffic management plan will be provided by Mapunity, whereas the hardware for the same has to be purchased by the local administration.In 2007, Mapunity built the first version of the Bangalore Transport Information System ( BTIS), an online and mobile platform that brought together many information aspects of traffic and transport management onto a single platform. Talking to ToI, Raman said during his scoping exercise visit to the city, he took stock of what were the distress calling reporting management service in the city and traffic video cameras working. Raman said he would visit the city after a couple of weeks to begin consultation work.The city had witnessed death of 421 persons in 2009 and 421 non-fatal accidents in 2010. This year, of Rs 10 crore given to the police across the state, the Indore police received Rs 50 lakh. Interestingly, traffic was not the part of police budget.The difficulty in many cities in India is that different components of 'mobility' are managed by different government departments. The bus is run by a company, traffic is managed by the police, roads are maintained by the municipality, some other projects by para-statals, and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11408999", "title": "City pubs open after midnight", "text": "GURGAON: A week after the city police made tall claims to ensure that no pubs and bars remain open past midnight, there has been no crackdown by the police or the five teams formed by excise department officials to check if their orders are being adhered to.According to visitors, while pubs at Sahara Mall close by their stipulated 2am deadline, others choose to remain open way beyond the permitted deadline, some even till early morning on Saturday.Choosing an easier option to cover up for the lack of manpower and mismanagement, the district police, along with the excise and taxation department, had directed city pubs and bars to close operations by midnight on New Year's Eve and thenceforth.Claims by the city police fall flat as pub owners do not show any sign of fear while flouting the norms. The very first weekend of the new year bears testimony to the pub owners caring two hoots for any police directive on closing times.Police officials on their part claimed that the SHOs concerned were performing their duty and the pubs had been informed.Following the groping and molestation incident of a woman on MG Road on the night of December 31, the Gurgaon police reiterated their directive asking pubs and bars in the city to shut down by midnight. Police Commissioner K K Sindhu minced no words while giving the midnight deadline to pubs despite the fact that most pubs in the city have permission to be open till 2am.Only Sahara Mall's pubs started closing by 2am while two pubs in MGF Metropolitan mall remained open till 4am or 5am daily. \"Police have now taken action against only the pubs and bars in Sahara Mall. If rules are for all to follow why are police not taking any action against these bars,\" said a bar operator, on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11413807", "title": "Pakistan wants halt to Arab 'religious colonialism'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A section of Pakistanis have raised their voice against Arab colonialism (imposing Wahhabi Islam over Sufi Islam) amidst attacks on Sufi shrines in Pakistan.\"Saudi Arabia which is undemocratic, is exporting Wahhabi Islam to Pakistan where Sufis have been traditionally popular,\" Sayeeda Diep from the Lahore-based Institute for Peace and Secular studies, told The Times of India .\"An undemocratic Saudi Arabia is funding Wahhabis to crush democratic aspirations in entire world including in Pakistan apparently to let rulers continue their dynastic rule in Saudi Arabia,\" she said during her visit to India. Petro dollars are being pumped world over to promote this school of Islam projecting it closer to the original form.\"The people of Pakistan need to fight both American as well Arab colonialism,\" she said.Both India and Pakistan have seen Sufism grow over a millennium and recent attacks have only been on such shrines in Pakistan. The Taliban and extreme forces in Pakistan are getting support and funds from Wahhabis. Wahhabis do not approve of shrines and saints which are sources of inspiration for Sufis who are known for mysticism. Wahhabi movement emerged in the 18th century.So popular is Sufism in Pakistan that even Pakistan's Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani is a descendent of a Sufi from Multan. Ajmer Sharief, Nizamuddin Aulia and scores of saints, pirs have been worshipped in India.Such intolerant are Wahhabis in Pakistan that two theologians Javed Ahmed Shamdi and Maulana Tahir-Ul-Quadri had to look for a secure place after they criticized extremists. The latter, in fact, fled to Canada after issuing a fatwa against the killings of innocents.\"There is no space for theological debate like the one that has already started in India,\" she said.Diep had to be hospitalized after the killing of Punjab governor Salman Tasir who was fighting against blasphemy law. Her tears just did not stop for three days and she went into depression feeling there is no hope in Pakistan for secular beliefs. Diep was jailed four times for fighting the government on regressive steps. One of her campaigns was asking for registration of cases against the Mullah who issued an edict against those who attended funeral of Salman Tasir shot by his security guard. When she started, only four persons attended her candle light protest against Mullahs. Now, the number has gone up to 70 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11408936", "title": "Jumbo night", "text": "COIMBATORE: We at Periyanaickenpalayam are used to animals straying in from the thickly-wooded Western Ghats that border our houses. But the experience on Friday night was unique, and scary.I was returning home after the day's work when I saw eleven wild elephants on the road and an agitated crowd ready to take them on with stones. The scene was set for a face-off despite a few people in the crowd warning the youth armed with stones not to provoke the elephants. Soon, the crowd started to pelt stones.After initial hesitation, the jumbos advanced towards the crowd and which ran helter-skelter. A few people were injured in the melee. As the people retreated, the elephants moved off the road and waded into the nearby sugarcane fields. The crowd gained courage and returned with stones. The advance-retreat drama continued through the night.Residents, needless to say, were scared out of their wits with women and children taking refuge on the nearby Mettupalayam road. A few men under the leadership of panchayat president A Arivarasu organized crackers and tried to drive away the animals. Forest and police officials also were called in to help. By 3.30am on Saturday, the jumbos retreated into the forest. Till then, residents in the area stayed awake.We were treated to a similar visit by about a dozen jumbos a fortnight ago.Periyanaickenpalayam and Kavundanpalayam bordering the forests of Western Ghats are increasingly becoming preferred residential suburbs of Coimbatore. The forests are feeling the heat of the expanding city and the rising population in the suburbs. Old elephant corridors have been encroached and their habitat is shrinking. Animals are forced to seek water and food outside the forest. Clearly, there are no easy solutions here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11407274", "title": "Global languages meet kicks off", "text": "VADODARA: The two-day Bhasha Vasudha, the global languages meet, that began here on Saturday promises to set the ball rolling for conservation of languages other than that which are widely spoken around the world.The meet is being attended by at least 700 delegates from across the country and even abroad. At least 900 languages are being represented at the meet where volumes of the first People's Linguistic Survey of India (PLSI) done under the aegis of Bhasha Research and Publication Centre (BRPC) were released before their formal publication. Around 122 websites of various Indian languages were launched along with that of the PLSI.Speaking at the inaugural session, prominent litterateur from Maharashtra Bhalchandra Nemade said small languages were facing a threat from bigger languages. Nemade said according to UNESCO dying languages were actually exclusive languages. He said 7,000 languages were spoken across the world, adding that around 96 per cent of the people spoke four languages.Juan Jose Santander, the minister of the embassy of the Argentine Republic, said the protection of languages was possible to the measure the communities that spoke them were protected. He added that efforts like the languages meet were a step in this direction.Tribal activist and founder of BRPC Ganesh Devy said the discussions held at the meet were very fruitful. \"One of the major issues that emerged was whether children lacked access to education as it was provided in other languages. Representatives from Argentina said they had a uniform language for education while on the other end Papua New Guinea recognizes all 850 languages spoken there. All agreed that our Indian system of recognizing some languages and protecting all was much better,\" he said.Devy said secretary of the ministry of human resources development of the Union government assured that she would take up the issues raised at the meet in the national skill development mission. \"She said tool kits could be developed for extensive studies in supplementary languages both in formal and non-formal education,\" Devy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11408788", "title": "Over 30 KRV members held", "text": "MANDYA: Mandya police arrested over 30 activists of Karnataka Raksana Vedike (KRV) when they attempted to stop Tipu Express Train at Mandya Railway Station on Saturday. They wanted to protest against the Union government's delay in amending article 371 of the constitution to accord special status to Hyderabad-Karnataka region.Raising slogans against the Union government, the protesters led by KRV district unit president H D Jayaram attempted to enter the railway station premises. However police who outnumbered the activist foiled", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407370", "title": "HC clears way for reinstatement of govt lawyers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a setback to the state government, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday cleared the way for reinstatement of dozens of government lawyers, who had been removed last year and new appointments made in their place.A division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice Satish Chandra set aside a government order passed on August 13, 2008, whereby the state government had deleted the provision for taking into consideration the report of the district judge in the matter of appointment of district government counsel and additional district government counsel in different districts of the state.The court allowed a bunch of writ petitions and directed the state government to re-advertise in newspapers the vacancies of government lawyers and proceed to fill them within three months.In these appointments, the government shall consider the earlier government lawyers taking their previous records and report of the district judge into account, said the court.The bench further directed the state government to remove all district court government lawyers, who have been involved in criminal case or against whom an investigation is pending, after giving a two-months notice.The order came on dozens of writ petitions out of which the petition filed by UP Shashkiya Adhivakta Kalyan Samiti was the leading one. The petitioners had urged that they had been working as government lawyers. In some cases their renewals were pending. In other cases, the report of the district judge appreciated their work for renewal.Without considering these aspects in a hurried manner, the state government removed the existing government lawyers and without proper advertisement appointed new persons. Some of these new persons had even criminal history, stated most of the petitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11408591", "title": "Use the overbridge, you could win Rs 5000", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the safety of foot overbridges doesn't override the ease of scurrying across roads for you, here's something else: there's money in it. Pedestrian 6401 won a prize of Rs 5,000 in a lucky draw conducted by the Delhi Traffic Police on Saturday. But, keep the \"safe habit\" , say traffic cops, next month, it could be you.From January 1, around 12,000 coupons were given to pedestrians using foot overbridges at ITO, IP Marg and ISBT Anand Vihar, out of which coupon 6401 was picked on Saturday. The winner wasn't among some 30 pedestrians who gathered for the draw at Dr Zakir Hussain Marg near India Gate, but cops are holding onto the cheque.\"We urge the winner which is coupon number 6401 to collect the cheque from the office. They can confirm the coupon number again from our website. Every month, a similar lucky draw will be organized by the Traffic police to promote road safety,\" said traffic inspector (road safety) Seema Sharma.The department also unveiled a pedestrian signal at Dr Zakir Hussain Marg near India Gate. Another signal is coming up at Kasturba Gandhi Marg. \"The road width is more on these signals and they have been made pedestrian signals to facilitate pedestrian movement on these important junctions. There are blinkers to let pedestrians know when it's safe to cross,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Lack of spacious pavements , conveniently positioned foot overbridges (FOBs) and subways have contributed to the large number of pedestrian casualties , say traffic cops. Of 1,852 fatal road accidents in 2011, a whopping 46.3% cases involved pedestrians. Some 882 pedestrians were killed in 866 accidents till November 30.Traffic cops have located some arterial roads which have turned into death traps, reporting a considerable increase in fatal accidents this year. These include NH-1 , GT Karnal Road (where fatal accidents have increased from 61 last year to 101 this year), road number 56 (from 11 to 23), GT Road (from 32 to 37) and Dwarka Road (from 3 to 19).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11408224", "title": "Future brightens for solar sector", "text": "JAIPUR: The solar energy sector doesn't have much to show off right now in terms of its contribution to the total power generation in the country, but the recent dramatic drop in its cost of production for power is poised to herald sunny days for the clean energy.\"We will easily achieve the target of 20,000 megawatt capacity by 2022 set by the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission. But the sector faces challenges from the manufacturing side. But the high interest rate, which is as high as 13-14%, has been a main dampener for businesses to invest,\" said Deepak Puri, chairman and managing director of Moser Baer India , at the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas 2012 session on solar energy.The recent auction for 1,100 mw of solar project held in last December saw bidding prices dipping to as low as 7.49 per unit, which is half the rate that companies accepted two years ago.\"A couple of years from now, we will see solar energy reaching grid-parity level for captive purposes. Rates have come down from Rs 18 per unit to Rs 8.5 level in two years' time. Even if the capacity required to meet the Renewable Purchase Obligations (RPOs), which is set at 0.25% to 3% of the states total energy requirement, we are likely to see an investment of $50 billion,\" said Sanjay Varghese, chief operating officer of Lanco Solar Energy.As per the Jawaharlal Nehru Solar Mission, states are mandated to purchase a minimum level of renewable energy called RPOs starting from 0.25% to 3% by 2022.Focusing on one of the main challenges of controlling and storage of solar energy, Union minister for new &amp; renewable energy Farooq Abdullah invited overseas Indians to invest and develop technology to take advantage of the strong potential of the country.The decline in cost will be a trigger to open up the off-grid segment. Power generated by using diesel costs around Rs 15 per unit. Mobile towers alone generate 20,000 mw using diesel. Besides, agriculture and some segments of industry consume diesel heavily to meet power requirements. But availability of effective and advanced technology in storage will tilt the scale in favour of solar power, Abdullah said.While India is considered to be the best destination for solar energy production after the US, it's generation is less than 1% of the country's total power production. The renewable energy constitutes 5-7% with maximum coming volume from wind power. In 2011, 180 mw of grid-connected solar power projects have been commissioned in the country and this figure will cross 500 mw by the end of this financial year.Power generated during the past year from other renewable sources includes 2,827 mw from wind, 310 mw from small hydro stations and and 498 mw from biomass totaling an installed capacity of 22,447 mw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11412467", "title": "Terence Lewis makes a double take", "text": "The shock on Terence Lewis's face was a sight to behold when he saw Neerav Bavlecha walk on stage to audition for the current season of Dance India Dance.Neerav has been Terence's dance assistant for the past five years and has trained contestants in the previous two seasons of DID. It was quite apparent that Terence did not know about Neerav's plan to take part in the competition. When Remo D'Souza asked him why he did not take part in the earlier two seasons, Neerav he started crying inconsolably and said, \"It was not that I did not want to take part in the competition but two years ago, my family was completely dependent on me financially and I could not afford to be away from home for a six months gap. Now I have reached that stage where I can showcase my dancing skills on a global platform and at the same time fend for my family comfortably!\"At the mega auditions, the moment Dada saw Neerav walking in for the Mega auditions even he was pleasantly surprised. He looked at both Terence and Neerav with a smile and gave a nod of appreciation and asked him to begin his performance.Neerav has trained scores of contestants in the past including Shakti Mohan, the winner of DID 2. Neerav's rock solid foundation in contemporary dance infused with his own flair on freestyle moves helped him give yet another rocking performance at the Mega Auditions. Neerav was very apprehensive about the results and said, \"I have been a trainer and can judge the potential of a good dancer within seconds. Here every dancer is extremely talented which takes the level of competition to a different level. All I can do is keep my fingers crossed and hope for the best.\"It takes courage to be on the other side of the fence. Neerav has been an excellent trainer but whether he will weave magic on stage as a dancer is something ... only time can tell,\" said Dada. Will Neerav's background as a trainer and his association with Master Terence give him an advantage over others? Will he make it to the Top 18? Most importantly will Terence Lewis be biased towards his assistant's selection?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11412416", "title": "Salman Khan makes Pooja Missra cry", "text": "Very few dare to take panga with mercurial Salman Khan since he is known for not sparing those who rub him the wrong way.And this time the subject of his anger was Bigg Boss contestant Pooja 'Spare Me' Missra. The girl infamous for her volatile behaviour dared to speak against Salman Khan during a press conference organised by her to clean her image. She spoke to the press about Salman and Mahek Chahal's rapport and said, \"I don't know if Salman is supporting Mahek but the girl is definitely behind the Bollywood beefcake and throws her weight around by using his name at least 30 times a day.\"This obviously didn't go down well with Khan who didn't think twice before giving an earful to Missra. And the same happened with Pooja Misrra who spoke negative about the actor and fellow contestant Mahek. So, fireworks were expected when the two came together and as expected Salman lashed out at Misrra until she cried profusely. According to an eyewitness, \"\"During the grand finale of Bigg Boss 5, Salman blasted Pooja Misrra. He told her that she has not done the right thing by maligning the two in public. He kept scolding her until she broke down and apologised to the actor.\"\" Trust Salman to handle his friends and foes like a perfectionist!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11407919", "title": "Drug addict accused in another murder; nabbed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The police on Saturday claimed the involvement of another drug addict in a murder. This has been the third incident where the police have claimed the accused is an addict. After terming Rahul Sahu as the main accused in the murder of the siblings in Sector 41, they claimed he was a drug addict, Chandigarh police claimed to crack the murder of 19-year old Monu of Sector 56 after arresting another substance abuser, Pardeep Joshi, on Saturday.Joshi, father of one, is a resident of Sector 41. The body of Monu was recovered from roadside bushes near Palsora village, Sector 56, with head injuries on January 6. Police had recovered two syringes and a bottle of drugs from Sonu's socks and pockets. According to the police, the motive behind the murder was dispute over Rs 500 between Monu and Joshi, which remained after selling a cell phone and buying drugs on January 6.DSP (south) B S Negi said Monu's refusal to part with the remaining cash led to a violent attack by Joshi as he banged a heavy stone on his head.He added, \"Joshi's involvement in the murder was established following the statements of some locals who informed the police he was with Sonu on January 6 evening. The accused would be produced in the district court, Sector 17, on Sunday.Three snatchers, including a juvenile , arrested on January 1 had confessed they used to snatch valuables for fulfilling their drug habits.Women peddlers on the movePolice sources said Joshi revealed during interrogation the names of some women drug suppliers in southern sectors of the city. Dadumajra-38, Palsora-56 and Kajheri village near Sector 61 are the areas where notorious women peddlers move around, the sources said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11410865", "title": "I\u2019m proud of my no-language film: Shayan Munshi", "text": "Shayan Munshi talks about doing Madhuja Mukherjee's 'Carnival' that has been selected for its world premiere at the 41st International Film Festival Rotterdam in the Bright Future category.For Shayan Munshi, 2012 has sprung a pleasant surprise. His 'no language' cinema titled \"Carnival\" has been selected for its world premiere at the 41st International Film Festival Rotterdam in the Bright Future category. Though Shayan will not be attending the Rotterdam screening, he is excited to be a part of this experimental film.\"Carnival\" is the story of a guy (Shayan) who returns to Kolkata during the Pujas after the death of his mother. He feels edgy by the odd juxtaposition of the numbness of his father (Dhritiman Chaterji) and the extreme joy that the city is shrouded by. Not only is this film without dialogues, it was entered in the festival in the category of 'no language cinema'. Shot and edited by Avik Mukhopadhyay, the music and the sound design for the movie have been done by Prabuddha Banerjee.Says Shayan, \"The concept intrigued me. All of us knew that we were doing something experimental. Creatively, we were on the same page and it turned out to be a home project for us. We never really bothered about how the movie would shape up. It's nice that it will be screened in Rotterdam on January 31.\"But, didn't he feel apprehensive about taking such a risk? \"Honestly, since the beginning of the career, I have been lucky with the kind of projects I have done. I've worked in different kinds of work. \"Jhankar Beats\" was not made in the commercial setup though it went on to get commercial success. Even with the Bengali movies that I have done, I've been lucky to have got a portfolio that I'm proud of since all of my work has explored different creative avenues.I understand that experimental movies might not be everyone's cup of tea but I am happy that \"Carnival\" has found an opportunity to get screened. Besides, how often does one get to do work that's a little away from the regular norm? Those like Avik, Madhuja, Prabuddha and Dhritiman da love to stretch their boundaries and I'm happy to have been a part of this project.\" Meanwhile, Shayan is in talks about shooting a film based in New York that will be in India-international space as well as two Bengali movies.Director Madhuja is happy with Shayan's work. \"If you push and groom Shayan, he is very good at his job. Unlike his other on-screen outings, Dhritiman Chaterji doesn't play a smart old man. When Dhritiman-da asked me how he should perform, I said he should emote in a way that would make people sit up and ask what's wrong with him. Incidentally, the lady who is playing Shayan's mother used to once play Suchitra Sen's younger version in yester year's movies. As a child artiste, she was known as Shikharani Bag. Today, she is a junior artiste and takes the name of Shikharani Bag.\"Ask the director why she wanted to make a no-dialogue movie and she says, \"I wanted to be minimalistic. Having dialogues could also run the risk of excesses in the movie. Besides, all that was shot in the interior spaces are stills. So, technically, we couldn't have had dialogues with stills either. I'm happy to have made this movie. What's overwhelming is that everyone has worked in this project without charging any honourarium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11407358", "title": "Fatorda Muslim group backs Sardesai for polls", "text": "MARGAO: Wanting to clear the air as to where its allegiance lay, the Fatorda Muslim Welfare Association (FMWA) pledged its support to Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) general secretary Vijai Sardesai in the forthcoming assembly elections.\"During our monthly meeting held at Chandravaddo-Fatorda on January 6, FMWA pledged its wholehearted and unconditional support to Sardesai as he has shown the vision to unite all communities in Fatorda,\" said FMWA president Shaikh Abdul Shakoor, in a press release issued on Saturday.Sources added that FMWA was reacting to the possibility of the Congress party fielding a Muslim candidate in the Fatorda constituency owing to the high number of Muslim voters and the pressure from the Muslim members of the Congress party.Shakoor wished to remind the voters that during last year's Margao municipal elections, the Sardesai-backed Fatorda block congress president Joseph Silva defeated the BJP-backed candidate. Shakoor further claims that it was achieved because the \"Muslims of Chandravaddo united with the Hindus and the Catholics under the leadership of Sardesai to usher in change in the ward\".\"Hence, the FMWA calls upon the Muslim community not to pay any heed to any spoilsports or to any individual wishing to enter the fray by playing the community card and only support Sardesai as the secular alternative in Fatorda during the forthcoming assembly polls,\" Shakoor added.FMWA also stated that the popular public sentiment for change in Fatorda should not be ignored and that it felt that it was 'an undeniable fact that Sardesai was the face of this change that Fatorda yearns for'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11407108", "title": "Murder accused commits suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: A 42-year-old mentally disturbed man, an accused in murder case, set himself ablaze at his residence at Pandhrabodi on Saturday morning.Bablu Banode, who appeared to have doused himself with kerosene before setting himself afire with a matchstick inside a locked room, sustained serious burn injuries. Bablu's family members tried to rescue him by breaking open the door, but to no avail. Family sources said that he was declared dead at Government Medical College and Hospital.Bablu, father of two, was under medication. According to sources, Bablu had recently attacked a man hallucinating him for an attacker.Ambazari police have registered a case of accidental death.Bablu was released from Nagpur Central Jail last year after he got bail from the apex court where he had appealed against conviction in the murder of Mukesh Malik. Bablu and two others were sentenced to life imprisonment by the sessions court. The decision was upheld by the high court.The murder case, registered in November 2004, was in news again in the first week of this month when Bablu's younger brother Sanjay was arrested. Apart from Bablu and younger brother Sanjay, there were two other accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11408497", "title": "Muslim League condemns act", "text": "BELGAUM: The Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) has condemned the act of hoisting Pakistan flag in tahsildar office premises at Sindagi in Bijapur taluk, by six youths said to be the activists of Sri Rama Sene.IUML said it was an attempt to disturb communal harmony and defaming the image of the Muslim community.In a memorandum submitted to the governor, A M Lodhi, state president of Indian Union Muslim League urged for stringent action against the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408164", "title": "Management opposes AICTE norm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The move of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) to make e-journal mandatory for all professional colleges has drawn criticism from the management of colleges here in the state.The management bodies of these institutes are planning to challenge the decision of the AICTE making it mandatory for colleges to have e-journals. This was a condition for granting approval. A college management association said the AICTE has also in its guidelines given the names of the firms with which they have to register themselves.A principal of a college said that to register with the firms, one will have to pay Rs six lakh for one college. If the management was running an MBA, MCA and an Engineering college, they would be required to pay Rs 18 lakh for just registration.The principal said that this would put additional burden on colleges and will force the management to increase the fees of each student. \"In an undergraduate college, students are rarely into research. Maximum research activities are done at postgraduate levels and hence the e-journal should be made compulsory for such colleges and not at the undergraduate levels.\"\"The move has been challenged in the Delhi high court and the court has also stayed the implementation and hence we are planning to move court here also.\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11406401", "title": "\u2018The cold, not cancer, may kill me\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the first landing of the underground AIIMS Metro station, Mohammad Sufiyaan, 13, lies on a rain-soaked blanket, clutching a jacket to suppress the shivers running down his ailing frame. His mother and two other women relatives huddle around, shielding him from the icy draught. The cold floor has been their home for six days, ever since the boy was brought to AIIMS for heart surgery from Lakhimpur in UP.\"Our blankets, warm clothes and the bedding were soaked as rainwater gushed down the ramp on Friday night. The cold has worsened Sufiyaan's condition,\" says Noor Jahan, his mother. For this poor family and thousands of others like them, AIIMS holds out all the hope of a medical miracle but the wait for treatment - from two months to a year - can be physically very distressing.Sufiyaan is surrounded by 20-odd other patients and their attendants biding their time in misery. Similar scenes greet visitors across the AIIMS campus, with at least 1,000 people occupying open spaces across the hospital and in the Metro station.Hospital sources say AIIMS gets close to 10,000 new cases every day and houses more than 2,000 patients, but facilities for their attendants are inadequate.Cancer patient Kunti Devi has lived inside the Metro station for more than 20 days. \"Do I have a choice? Officials at the dharamshala turned me away saying every bed was occupied. I am ill and can't go there again,\" she says, adding she fears the cold will kill her.Such is the rush that even an unused toilet block outside the hospital was recently occupied by some patients at night. \"My year-old son underwent cardiac surgery three days ago and the hospital has asked at least one person to be present all the time in the waiting area meant for the attendants at the Cardio and Neurosciences Centre. It has only 100 chairs and no arrangement for sleeping. The tin roof makes it unbearably cold and there's a common toilet for men and women,\" says Ashish Kumar, a Dehradun resident.He says the waiting area became crowded during Friday's downpour as everyone sought shelter inside it. Kunal Shah, another attendant, says, \"If the hospital cannot make adequate arrangements for attendants, it should upgrade its own facilities so that family members do not have to stay full-time and do the running around. Here, nurses have to be reminded twice before they replace the IV fluid bottle in general wards\".AIIMS spokesperson Dr YK Gupta, however, says the hospital had provided three guesthouses for attendants. \"One attendant is allowed inside the general wards.\"Dr Manoj Singh, president of AIIMS Faculty Association, says most of the patients squatting on the campus are from other states. \"The institute cannot arrange for their accommodation. In my view, the respective states should upgrade facilities so that the people do not have to live in such conditions while waiting for treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11408549", "title": "Call for women\u2019s quota in judiciary", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite having had a woman Prime Minister and several woman chief ministers, the country is yet to have a woman attorney-general or solicitor general. Also, the Independent India has not seen a single advocate-general leading the Bar in any of its states.This was the lament of P H Parekh, president, Supreme Court Bar Association (SCBA), while speaking at a national conference of the All India Federation of Women Lawyers here on Saturday.Wondering as to why women advocates were not getting what they genuinely deserved, Parekh called upon the big gathering of women lawyers from several states to revolt demanding reservation of at least 50% of all judicial officer posts.Justice P Sathasivam, judge, Supreme Court, in his speech said the judiciary was performing the role of a 'social reformer' and pointed out that it had been taking care of problems and interests of women.\"In the context of gender justice and equality, the judiciary has attempted to venture into the critical role of a social reformer by upholding the rights of women especially the victims of subordination and suppression,\" Justice Sathasivam said.\"The contribution made by the judiciary to the improvement of status of women, protection of and access to fundamental rights and provision of conditions of dignity of life can be discerned from a number of decisions delivered while interpreting laws and the Constitution,\" he said.Justice Sathasivam said the root cause of all evil practices faced by women are illiteracy, economic dependence, caste restrictions, religious prohibition, lack of leadership qualities and apathetic and callous attitude towards women. He also urged the Bar members to be conversant with new amendments and technological development.Justice Ranjana Prakash Desai, judge, Supreme Court, referring to destruction of millions of female fetuses every year, rape, bride burning, sexual harassment at work places, physical and mental cruelty, domestic violence and denial of property rights, said the police, prosecutors and courts had failed to give relief to women though the Constitution zealously protected women. Women lawyers can make a difference in enforcement of laws relating to women and children, though they can handle all kinds of cases, she said.Justice M Y Eqbal, chief justice, Madras high court, said women in India are empowered in real sense of the term whereas in many countries they had just got or had to fight for their right to even vote. He said he had already recommended to the state government to constitute at least one family court in each district.\"Women's empowerment remains an enigma trapped in mystery, in spite of tall claims made by social activists and lip service of administrators,\" Justice Eqbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11407806", "title": "JD (U) to contest 15 seats at polls", "text": "MARGAO: Janata Dal (United), a constituent of the national democratic alliance ( NDA) on Saturday announced that the party has decided to contest 15 seats in the state sans any pre-poll alliance.President of the newly installed Goa unit John Phillip Pereira told TOI that JD (U) is being approached by clean non-corrupt aspirants for tickets. He said the party will release its list of candidates in the presence of its central leaders including Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and national party president Sharad Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11406523", "title": "\u2018School for the elite\u2019 lies in a shambles", "text": "HYDERABAD: Its colonial architecture, enormous rooms, spacious corridors and the vast open area would otherwise make Aliya High School for Boys at Gunfoundry one of the most distinguished study centres. This 'school for the elite' established in 1872 served the city's nobility and was the most sought after among parents for it had best teachers, infrastructure and ambience. But in stark contrast, it's in shambles and serves the needs of the poor now.Counted among the oldest and best English medium schools till about 1960's and constructed by the Asaf Jahi dynasty mainly for the princes and nobility, its high academic standards have taken a severe beating in the last five decades. Surprisingly, the school boasts of alumni such as the seventh Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan, the titular Nizam Mukarram Jah (for a short duration), Jah's brother Mufakkam Jah and the Paigah nobles among a host of other personalities who have made their mark all over the world.Its dipping strength and the crumbling school building, which is a heritage structure, reflect the sad state of affairs. From 1,000 plus students few decades ago, the school has just about 179 students on its rolls this year. \"The climate changed and so the birds flew away,\" says Justice Sardar Ali Khan, an Aliyan who passed his matriculation in 1946. He adds that while some moved to Jagirdaar College (Hyderabad Public School) others drifted to the many convent schools in the area, following the trend. According to Khan, until 1948, the school known as Madrassa-e-Aliya and founded by Salar Jung I in the Nizam College premises, was ably managed by Anglo Indians. It was shifted to the present premises opposite Nizam College during 1946-47. But soon after the police action, it was brought under the purview of the state government and the shift in the management marked its downfall.Portions of the 200-year-old school building, which earlier served as the secretariat of the Nizam and before that as the residence of the late Nawab Fakhrul Mulk Bahadur, a noble who gifted the building to Nizam VI Mir Mehboob Ali Khan, has collapsed. And about 15 years ago the first floor, where all the classes were conducted, was vacated after it was declared unfit for use. The classes are now being conducted in seven tin shed rooms away from the main building.\"We need a sound building and furniture,\" says a school teacher. Sources at the school also say that the cricket and football grounds as well as the hockey field and the principal's lodge now have government offices and private structures dotting the land. While the present land is stated to be around 2.8 acres, the alumni says that it was three times more during its hay days.Recalling his student days, Zahid Ali Khan, editor of Siasat and an Aliyan, says that his great grand father and grand father were alumni of the same school. \"I remember the school fee I paid was Rs 9.60 per month. We had British principals, good library and most importantly the culture was very good. But unfortunately, I could not admit my son because of its falling standards,\" says Khan.Tej Bahadur Singh, an Aliyan and security cum traffic consultant for Shamshabad Airport says that the discipline too is missing now. \"Only the name has remained. When we did not do home work or were mischievous in the class room, we were not beaten up or made to stand on the bench. We were made to attend the detention class after school,\" says Singh, who retired as additional SP. Singh shares that Aliya had an ace cricket team and many cricketers including Asif Iqbal Rizvi, former captain of Pakistan was an Aliyan. \"Our dress code on Friday was a sherwani,\" adds Singh on a lighter note.Aliyans claim that the government has destroyed the character of the school and urge the need to revive the school with all its glory. \"Look at Harrow School in Britain. The governments have changed but the school has retained its old standards,\" they say adding that they are willing to chip in if required.However, they insist that the answer lies in change of administration. \"It was a rare English medium school in those days. Probably the building can be renovated but that's not the answer. It's the administration and the standard of the school that has to be elevated again to its pristine glory,\" says Ghiasuddin Babukhan, an Aliyan and a leading realtor. He adds that the school has produced renowned administrators, engineers, doctors, scientists and sportsmen who are scattered over the world today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11408342", "title": "Congress leader Sudheeran chides Tom Jose", "text": "KOCHI: Veteran Congress leader V M Sudheeran on Saturday came down heavily on Tom Jose, managing director of Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), for his reported announcement to go ahead with the move to float global tenders for the Metro rail project.Chief minister Oommen Chandy has already announced that the final word on Kochi Metro will be that of E Sreedharan, former chief of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). This is a clear pointer to the direction in which the government is planning to take the project. The chief minister is set to meet Sreedharan on January 12 to discuss the project. In such a context, it is totally inappropriate that a government official (Tom Jose) made such a statement and raked up a controversy,'' Sudheeran told TOI here.Sudheeran reiterated that the only option before the government to execute the Kochi Metro rail project was to ensure the leadership of Sreedharan and the involvement of DMRC. DMRC itself could not float global tenders if needed for the Kochi Metro rail project.Delays and cost escalation were the banes of many such Metro rail projects in the country. The greatest assets of Sreedharan and DMRC had been that they were able to execute the projects efficiently within the stipulated time limit. So the government should not become party to any move to exclude Sreedharan and DMRC from the Kochi Metro rail project.''There were reports that it was the untimely actions of some of the officials which had dragged the Kochi Metro rail project into a controversy. There were allegations that some of the officials wanted to keep DMRC and Sreedharan off the Metro rail project. The latest developments have only strengthened such actions. The government should restrain officials who make statements on issues where policy decisions are to be taken at the government level,'' Sudheeran argued.Jose had made the controversial statement that KMRL would go ahead with the plans to float global tenders for the project while speaking at a 'Metro round table' organized here on Friday by the Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry and the Centre for Public Policy Research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11407879", "title": "Tahsildar arrested for taking bribe", "text": "TRICHY: The directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption ( DVAC), Trichy, has sent Kulithalai tahsildar to Trichy Central Prison for accepting a bribe of Rs 50,000 from a person for issuing a no-objection certificate for quarrying gravel.The tahsildar, P Nehru, had demanded the amount from S Mohan of Anna Nagar in Kulithalai. Mohan had earlier applied to the Karur collector for a lease license for quarrying gravel. The collector had called for a no-objection certificate from the tahsildar in keeping with procedure.Nehru deliberately protracted the process. On January 5, Mohan approached the tahsildar at his residence and requested for the certificate, as he had to forward it to the collector at the earliest.When the tahsildar demanded the bribe amount, Mohan nodded in agreement, and later registered a complaint with the anti-corruption wing. On the advice of DSP R Ambikapathi, Mohan handed over chemically treated cash to Nehru at the latter's residence well past midnight of Friday.Inspectors Ramachandran, Prasanna Venkatesh and Dr Alagumalai waited outside, ready to meet any emergency. Nehru was then caught in the act, and was produced in the Special Court in Trichy on Saturday morning. He has been remanded in 15 days' judicial custody and lodged the in Trichy Central Prison.Later, Ambikapathy told TOI that Nehru cringed and fawned pleading for mercy, but he told the tahsildar that leniency was \"legally untenable\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408773", "title": "MCC demolishes 20 shops for mall", "text": "MYSORE: The Royal City on Saturday lost a part of its heritage with 20 shops next to Krishnaraja Circle being demolished to make way for a mall.The Mysore City Corporation removed the heritage part when it demolished shops which were popularly known as Onduvare Aane Galli, where garments and plastic goods were sold at low prices.This is following the MCC's agreement to handover 4 acre and 19 gunta to a private company which plans to build a mall next to the junction. The mall will stretch to the located where the galli is situated.This is as part of the agreement entered by MCC with the developer on May 25, 2006.MCC authorities on Saturday morning demolished the shops on the old lane to facilitate construction of the mall. The issue was discussed at MCC council on December 29. MCC argued that the old lane has to be removed to complete the mall and said the lane will not hinder traffic movement. officials say the land was acquired for construction of a commercial complex in 1963 and notices were served to shop owners to vacate them", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406799", "title": "State lays down new norms for refuge areas", "text": "MUMBAI: Refuge areas in a building where people can take shelter in case of a fire are often misused by developers, who surreptitiously convert them into habitable areas. Many builders are known to sell these areas to buyers, who then illegally utilize them as part of their apartments.Now a new set of guidelines, which form part of the modified development control rules notified by the state government on Friday, lay down stringent provisions for fire-fighting and curb misuse of these areas by developers. The notification was issued by the state urban development department after chief minister Prithivraj Chavan approved civic chief Subodh Kumar's proposal to streamline building approvals system and prevent builders from manipulating and misusing certain portions of their towers.The new rules stipulate that a refuge area will have to be provided at every 7th habitable floor after the first 24 m of the high rise building. The refuge area shall be provided within building line at floor level. In case of high rise buildings having height more than 30 m, the first refuge area shall be provided at 24 m or 1st habitable floor, whichever is higher. Thereafter, the refuge area shall be provided at every 7th habitable floor,'' it said.The guidelines said that a refuge area will now be restricted to just 4% of the habitable floor area it serves, and will be free of floor space index or FSI__the ratio of permissible built up area vis a vis the plot size. If it exceeds 4%, the excess area shall be counted in the FSI,'' it said. In the past, municipal commissioners were known to sanction entire floors as refuge areas, which the builders would then misuse for commercial gain. In an upcoming landmark residential tower near Worli Naka, the BMC sanctioned a refuge area of 550 sq ft outside every apartment, thereby raising eyebrows about its possible misuse in the future.For buildings having height upto 70 m (about 24 floors), as an alternate, refuge areas can be provided as reinforced cement concrete (RCC) cantilever projections at the alternate mid-landing level of staircase, free of FSI. Each refuge area at mid-landing shall have a minimum width of 3 m and minimum area of 10 sq.mts for residential and 15 sq.mts for non-residential buildings,'' it said.Under the new law, in high rise buildings with upto 30 m height, the terrace floor of the building shall be treated as the refuge area. A fire check floor in a building having height more than 70 m will be mandatory. It will cover an entire floor at every 70 m level. However, the height of the fire check floor will not be allowed to be more than 1.8 mt to check its misuse. lt will not be used for any purpose and\u00b7 it shall be the responsibility of the owner/occupier to maintain the same, clean and free of encumbrances and encroachments at all times, it said.The refuge area shall have a door which shall be painted or fixed with a sign in luminous paint mentioning \"REFUGE AREA\". The lift/s shall not be permitted to open into the refuge areas, it said. The rules further stated that refuge areas will be designated exclusively for the use of occupants as temporary shelter and for the use of Fire Brigade Department or any other organization dealing with fire or other emergencies and also for exercises/drills if conducted by the Fire Brigade Department''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407338", "title": "Sirens are back with a bang", "text": "KOLKATA: In the time of technology boom, certain \"outdated\" things hold the same significance as they did decades ago. The city administration learnt this the hard way when cyclone Aila hit the state and claimed hundreds of lives. Taking a cue from the experience during the disaster, the state government has decided to bring back the sirens (public alarm system) that were used widely during the colonial rule. It will install more than 368 sirens across the state to alarm people during a disaster that has already hit or might hit shortly.Sirens were in major use during World War II when Japanese aircraft were dropping bombs on Calcutta. While people used to run for cover during day time, they used to switch off the lights at night. Even streets lamps were turned off to make Japanese aircraft hovering over the city clueless about their position.The sirens sank into oblivion after independence. Only the factory and jute mill sirens were used to make workers aware of the shift timings.\"We cannot demean the significance of sirens in the wake of a disaster. A lot of lives can be saved if people are alarmed. So, we will be installing 368 sirens at disaster-prone locations,\" fire service department minister Javed Khan said.When Aila hit the Sundarbans, radio was the only mode of communication that could be used for alerting people. But not everyone listened to radio. As a consequence, many fell victim to the cyclone. Since the Sundarban is a cyclone-prone area, a number of such sirens will be installed there.Along with the sirens, the entire disaster communication system will be refurbished. There will be control room at block, subdivision and district levels in the offices of BDO, SDO and DM, respectively. There will be hotline connection among these control rooms and the headquarters control room at Writers' Building. Along with the sirens, there will be a public address system that may convey messages from the chief minister or other ministers.The disaster-alert project would cost the government Rs 13.5 crore. The installation of sirens is already in process. The first trial of the siren would be on January 11. The sirens will be blared the next day to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda.The sirens (public alarm systems) which were in major use in British Calcutta, during the World War II and later went into disuse and oblivion is coming back with a bang. The state government is not only reviving the city's siren network, but also installing more than 368 sirens across the state. They will be used to alarm people of a place where disaster has already hit or might hit shortly.During the World War-II, when the Japanse aircrafts were dropping bombs on Kolkata, the sirens were used widely. I day time, people used to run for a cover. At night, people used to swtich off the lights of houses. Even streets lamps were turned off so as Japanese fighter aircrafts move around Kolkata sky.The sirens went in disuse and subsequently into oblivion after independence. Only the factory and jute mill sirens were used for the workers to indicate the shift beginning and shift-change timings.But the cyclone Aila reminded the state administration how relevant this old sirens are even in this age of e-mail. The civil defense and fire-service department minister Javed Khan said, \"We cannot demean the significance of sirens in the wake of a disaster. A lot of lives can be saved, if people are alarmed. So, we will be installing 368 sirens at strategic locations at disaster-prone places.\"When Aila hit Sundarbans, the only mode of communication that could be used for alerting people of Sundarbans was radio. But not everyone listened to radio. So a lot of people remained helpless victim when Aila hit Sundarbans. Since Sundarban is a cyclone-prone area, a number of such sirens will be there in different island of Sundarbans.Along with the sirens, the entire disaster communication system is being refurbished. There will control room at block-level, sub-division level and district-level respectively in the offices of BDO, SDO and DM. There will be hotline connection among these control rooms and the headquarters control room at Writers' Building. Along with the sirens, there will be public address system which may convey the message the chief minister or other minister or senior official so as to eradicate panic.The disaster-alert project would cost the government Rs 13.5 crore. The installation of sirens is already in process. The first trial of the siren would be on January 11. On January 12, the sirens will be blared to mark the 150th birth-centenary of Swami Vivekananda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11413256", "title": "Beyonce gives birth to baby girl", "text": "And it's a baby girls for Beyonce and Jay Z! The 30-year-old singer had a Caesarian section delivery at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York , Saturday night.Calebs have already started tweeting the news and congratulatory messages have started pouring in from all and sundry.The music power couple have named their daughter Ivy Blue Carter. This is what pop singer Rihanna wrote on her Twitter account: Rihanna posted: 'Welcome to the world princess Carter! Love Aunty Rih.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nadia/hooghly", "code": "11407783", "title": "Campuses on boil, principals attacked again", "text": "NADIA/HOOGHLY: Teachers seem to be under attack in Bengal. A college principal was beaten up in a Nadia town and another locked up in his chamber on a Hooghly campus on Saturday even as the state plunged deeper into political turmoil following the brutal attack on the principal of Raiganj College on January 5.There have been at least six such instances in less than a month, triggering concerns about the high-handedness of small-time politicians and union leaders despite chief minister Mamata Banerjee's assurance that politics will not cast a shadow on academic institutions. The string of attacks against teachers has spread panic in senior schools and colleges with many principals and headmasters wanting to put in their papers.On Saturday, Sarajendranath Kar, principal of Sudhir Ranjan Lahiri College at Majdia, 35 km from Krishnagar town, was allegedly slapped, punched and hammered with a club that was till moments ago one of the four legs of his wooden table. All the suspects named in the FIR are Students' Federation of India (SFI) members.Kar had just returned to his chamber after overseeing an examination when a group of youths stormed in and demanded action against two examinees who they claimed were outsiders. He checked up on the duo and found that they were reappearing for the exams because they had failed the previous year. But the mob was not satisfied and insisted that the two be ousted from the examination hall.Kar says the mob attacked him without provocation. \"I was slapped and punched. Then someone picked up a broken table leg and began to hit me. It was horrible,\" said Kar. The mob went about ransacking his chamber and other offices on campus and left only when the principal called the police. Nadia SP Sabyasachi Raman Mishra said Kar had filed a complaint against five SFI members. \"We are looking for the accused,\" he said.\"SFI members took the law in their hands and beat up a senior teacher,\" said state youth welfare minister Ujjal Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11408075", "title": "Narco test sought for flamingo poachers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The nine arrested in the poaching of 64 flamingos are proving to be hard nuts to crack for the forest department. The department has now decided to seek permission from the court to conduct lie detection test on the nine accused.The accused will be produced in the court on Monday where the forest department will move an application for lie detection test. The officials said the nine accused arrested so far in the poaching incident are not cooperating in investigation. The arrested are just maintaining that they had killed the birds for their own consumption and did this for the first time.\"Their behaviour indicates that they are hardcore criminals and it was not their first brush with crime,\" an official said. The arrested include Chatur Thakore, Ashok Thakore, Hiten Thakore and Dhanji Thakore - all fishermen and residents of Morbi and two others, Ishabhai Miyana and Juma Karim Miyana. Officials said they tried speaking to the villagers, especially a different community but the entire village was united to not speak about the incident or cooperate with the department. Also, they do not have an informer here.The village is in the interiors of Kutch and difficult to reach for the staff. There is only one forester as in charge of the area, which is over 300 sq km, from Navlakhi Bandar to Tikal. A senior officer admitted that the staff had never seen the village or visited it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11407155", "title": "Trains still running late", "text": "Allahabad: Due to persistent foggy weather conditions, the movement of trains has been paralysed on the New Delhi-Howrah route. The trains are running late for more than sixteen hours due to which passengers are facing lots of problems.Train number 22406 Howrah- Bikaner Pratap Express was delayed by about sixteen hours as it reached Allahabad junction at about 4:00 pm.Train number 14083 Mahananda Express whose arrival time at the Allahabad junction is about 6:00 am was running late by about 13 hours.Train number 14164 Sangam Express was also delayed by about 4 hours and 30 minutes as it arrived at Allahabad junction at about 1:00 pm. Train number 14512 Nauchandi Express was running late by about 5 hours and 30 minutes as it reached Allahabad junction at about 3:40 pm. tnnEven the prestigious train of Allahabad Prayag Raj Express arrived at about 11:55 pm getting delayed by about 5 hours.Train number 12505 North East Express was running late by about 8 hours. Train number 12987 Ajmer-Sealdah was running late by about 4 hours as it arrived at Allahabad junction at about 3:00 pm.Train number 12496 Kolkata-Bikaner was running late by about 4 hours and 30 minutes as it arrived at Allahabad railway junction at about 4:00 pm while train number 2506 North East Express coming from New Delhi was running late by about 6 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11408571", "title": "Spirit of Saarang this yr: Love for the letter", "text": "CHENNAI: This year's social impact initiative at Saarang, the cultural festival of IIT-Madras, is based on iconic children's writer Dr Seuss's opinion: \"The more you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.\" The Big Plan this year is to improve 50 school libraries in and around Chennai to help improve literacy levels and reading habit in children.Participants are asked to study the shortfalls in a school library and reading skills of those who use or, more importantly, don't use it. Groups of five members are tied to a school and asked to come up with solutions to improve the library, make it more attractive and accessible.\"The teams will have to work with NGOs to ensure that the library has quality books and runs with maximum efficiency,\" said Akshay Dhimrajka, co-ordinator for the Big Plan.Reading or literacy levels of students in Classes 3 to 5 will be done using a test called 'progress in international literacy and reading skills', developed by Lynch College of Education attached to Boston College. At the end of the project, participants are required to document the project and present it to the event organisers. The best project stands to win cash prizes.As a prelude to Saarang, to be held from January 18 to 22, IIT-Madras is organising a run for charity. The Big Plan Run will take place on the campus on Sunday. Proceeds from the run will be donated to the Akshaya Patra Foundation, a NGO that provides free mid-day meals to 1.3 million underprivileged schoolchildren in the country.The student organisers have lined up professional shows on every night of Saarang, including performances by flautist Shashank Subramanyam, music composer Devi Sri Prasad, Swedish band Vildhjarta, and a grand finale by musical duo Vishal-Shekhar on January 22. Tickets for the shows are available online at ticketgreen.com/ saarang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407259", "title": "Complaints against railways increase", "text": "PUNE: Complaints by passengers against the late running of trains and bad behaviour of the railway staff increased in the Pune railway division in 2011 (April to November) as compared to the corresponding period last year.About 37 complaints against late running of trains were registered with the authorities here in 2011 as against 32 complaints registered in 2010, a rise of about 16%. Similarly, about 35 complaints were registered against bad behaviour of railway staff in 2011 as against 25 complaints registered in 2010, a rise of 35%.An official from the division said, \"We received complaints under as many as 21 categories. They were sent via e-mails, letters, through complaint boxes at the railway stations and complaint registers kept in running trains. Most complaints were pertaining to late running of trains, behaviour of staff, availability of water, cleanliness at stations and trains, catering services, running of fans and lights in trains and on platforms, corruption and some miscellaneous types of complaints.\"Even though a rise is registered in some categories, there has been an overall decline in the number of complaints registered in the division in 2011 as compared to 2010. According to the statistics, a decline of about 36% is registered in the overall complaints in 2011. The division received about 143 complaints in 2011 as against 224 the previous year. A major decline has been registered in complaints against bookings, reservations, return of tickets, cleanliness of stations, availability of food at the food junctions and the complaints pertaining to non-availability of bedrolls during train journeys. Interestingly, only one complaint is registered pertaining to bribe and corruption.\"Railways have taken steps to deal with complaints with immediate effect. A daily report on complaints is given to the head office. Also, Railways have provided e-mail addresses wherein passengers can register complaints directly to the headquarters. We are strictly monitoring to ensure that the complaints are addressed within 24 hours after registration,\" said an official.Besides complaints, the Pune division has received about 75 suggestions in 2011, as against 31 received in 2010. Most suggestions are pertaining to railway services and improvements in them, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11408747", "title": "Pawar lashes out at Kalmadi, Cong too", "text": "PUNE: Daggers are drawn now that it is almost certain that the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) will not have an alliance in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Saturday launched a scathing attack on member of Parliament Suresh Kalmadi and the Congress.\"Those who have 'defamed' the city with their involvement in corruption in Commonwealth Games should be thrown out of power,\" he said. A few days ago Congress leaders from the city who attended a meeting in Mumbai had asked chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to spearhead the party's poll campaign in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad. Pawar had already said that there will be no alliance with the Congress. He was addressing a well-attended meeting of party workers in Nisarga Mangal Karyalaya at Market Yard.The deputy chief minister did not spare the Congress either. \"The man who led the party in the city is in Tihar jail. This is the ruling party which holds the chief minister's post in the state. He (Kalmadi) has brought disrepute to the city. This is an opportunity for citizens to keep the corrupt away from power,\" Pawar said.The Commonwealth Youth Games is ridden with corruption as the CAG report says, he added.\"People who voted for a corrupt MP are also responsible. The civic election is the time to correct this mistake. In 2007 these people (Kalmadi and his supporters) refused to support the NCP which was the single largest party in the PMC. We had to join hands with the BJP and Shiv Sena to form the Pune pattern. The Congress is responsible for it,\" he said.He said the saffron alliance was mired in corruption and had failed to improve basic infrastructure in Mumbai where they control the civic body.An elevated metro was not sustainable to the city's traffic. An underground metro is the only environment-friendly answer, he said. The NCP has improved the city's road network and found the answer to the garbage problem, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11409147", "title": "When a team of 5 rose to the occasion", "text": "Like any other day, B V Madhusoodan was going about his job on the first floor of ColumbiaAsia Hospital, when he suddenly heard some unusual noises. Sensing something amiss, he quickly alerted some others and began to search every corner of the hospital .Their mental alertness saved 79 patients, including 12 in the ICU, from the thick smoke that began engulfing the hospital after the UPS batteries exploded. Madhusoodan told TOI: \"Being the facility team member, I could identify where the siren was blaring. I understood that something had gone wrong in the room where the UPS batteries are kept.\" In 40 seconds, Madhusoodan reached the basement. Quickly, a five-member ring was formed, comprising Mahesh Kumar, M Srinivas, Manjunath Manju and R Kumar, all from the facilities division.\"We began calling everyone - front desk, drug store, telling them to pass on information and ask others to come near the battery room,'' Kumar said. \"We could smell the batteries burning 10 metres away from the room. My fear was what if they all explode?\" he said. When throwing water did not help, Srinivas and the others disconnected the circuit connecting these batteries to the hospital power lines. \"I ran to the senior doctors, and told them it was better to evacuate the first floor,\" Srinivas said. According to Jeremy D'Souza , all the operation theatres were empty at the time. \"No operation was in progress. News spread and everyone swung into action. They were unanimous on one count - evacuate the patients.\"\"It was tough to handle terror-stricken patients. But we kept our calm and the doctors helped us in shifting. There was chaos at the main entrance and the automatic glass door had to be handled manually,\" Manjunath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11412621", "title": "When Balki turned fanboy!", "text": "It is no secret that ad man-turned-director Balki is a big fan of maestro Ilaiyaraaja. It is for this reason that he signed up the maestro for all films Cheeni Kum and Paa.However, the director took his love for Ilaiyaraaja's music to fanboy level at a recent concert by the composer. And in the process, he left a few composers in the crowd squirming.Here's what happened. At the Endrendrum Raja concert, which had Ilaiyaraaja performing live in Chennai, Balki was called on stage as a special guest. To underscore the genius of the composer's background scores, Balki, who took to the stage, played a scene from his Paa without music. Admitting that it was quite a normal scene, he then played only the BGM that Ilaiyaraaja recorded for the scene and later, played both the music and the scene together.So far so good, and even the over half-a-dozen composers (which included Devi Sri Prasad, Vijay Antony, James Vasanthan, Raja's own sons Yuvan and Karthikraja) who were among the crowd would have agreed.But then, Balki dropped the bomb! \"When Raja sir played me the tune, I suggested that he use this for a song rather than waste it as a piece of background music. But he went ahead with this. I would ask today's composers to not lift tunes from his songs; instead, they could lift from the BGMs for even the tunes of his background scores are so good,\" he said.While Balki was cheered for the statement, we wonder what the other composers at venue have to say about his 'over enthusiastic' comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11415782", "title": "Bhanwari's son identifies her wrist watch, ear ring", "text": "JODHPUR: A day after the CBI recovered body remains and valuables allegedly belonging to missing nurse Bhanwari Devi, her son today identified wrist watch and an ear ring.The CBI had yesterday recovered key evidences including watch, jewellery parts and body remains allegedly belonging to Bhanwari from Rajiv Gandhi canal near here.Sources in the agency had claimed that the items could prove crucial in cracking the mysterious death of the 36-year-old woman.Bhanwari's son Sahil was called by the CBI to identify these objects. \"He has identified the wrist watch and ear ring,\" confirmed a source.The identification of Bahnwari's belongings by the son has corroborated the statement of one of the main accused, Kailash Jakhar, who had said that he had thrown Bhanwari's belongings in the canal.A Central Scientific Forensic Laboratory (CSFL) team is accompanying the CBI in collecting evidence.The CBI had also recovered some cloths belonging to Kailash Jakhar, which have been sent to CFSL for forensic examination.A team of forensic experts also re-visited the SUV, Scorpio, of Jakhar, which was reportedly used by the accused to take Bhanwari's body to Jaloda for final disposal.\"Some pieces of the seats and cover have been taken by CFSL from this car,\" told a source.These pieces will be tested for the remains of blood on them.Now, according to sources, the CBI may record statements of one of the three accused the gang members before magistrate.Before this, the CBI had recorded statements of Farookh, Amarchand and Sahi Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11407299", "title": "IT offices flout fire-safety norms", "text": "KOLKATA: It appears the city does not learn from its mistakes. Though back-to-back fire tragedies have left the citizens with jaded nerves, it has been found many office buildings in Salt Lake Sector V do not comply with standard fire-safety norms.A survey conducted by the Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA)-appointed task force has brought this to light after studying the fire safety measures in 24 buildings, including Technopolis and some major IT buildings. The team led by former IG R K Johri has found that big buildings more or less have adequate fire-fighting arrangements. But the problem was with the smaller buildings that house a number of IT firms. Though most buildings had fire and smoke alarms as well as sprinklers, quite a few were found defunct as they have never been used. Also, some buildings had materials stacked in the emergency staircases and exit gates.\"The task force has surveyed 10% of the buildings so far. The study indicates certain areas need improvement. We will frame a fire safety guideline and will appraise the developers about the same soon,\" said NDITA chairman Alapan Bandyopadhaya.The NDITA authorities were also trying to solve the problem with illegal car parking on the roadside as it was narrowing down road space. Also, driveways of many buildings are used as parking lots at present, blocking the path of fire engines in case of a fire. NDITA was also in touch with the fire services department for improving fire-fighting arrangements in the IT hub.In nearby Rajarhat New Town, Hidco is in the process of appointing an agency to conduct a fire audit for highrises to check fire safety arrangements. \"An agency will conduct this audit. It will, for instance, check whether dates of fire extinguishers have expired. If any lapse is detected, the developer will be cautioned,\" said Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee recently pointed out that there were several high-rise buildings in Rajarhat New Town that have been constructed in an unplanned manner. Besides, the authorities will work to set up a fire station in New Town.In Salt Lake too, the fire services department is checking high-rise buildings and will submit a report to Bidhannagar Municipality.e municipality is already checking papers of some hospitals, including AMRI Salt Lake, to identify any deviations from the prescribed building plan.Some important high-rise buildings in Sector V don't comply with standard fire safety norms. This has been unearthed by a Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA)-appointed task force to study fire safety measures in the IT hub's buildings.\"The task force has surveyed 10% of the buildings so far. The survey will continue. Certain areas need improvement. We will frame a fire safety guideline and will hand over to developers to follow,\" said NDITA chairman Alapan Bandyopadhaya.After checking 24 buildings, including Technopolis and some major IT buildings, the task force led by former IG R.K. Johri has identified some lapses. The big buildings more or less have adequate fire-fighting arrangements. But the problem is with the smaller buildings that house a number of IT firms. Though most buildings surveyed had fire and smoke alarms as well as sprinklers, quite a few were found defunct as they have never been used. Also, some buildings had materials stacked in the emergency staircases and exit gates.The NDITA authorities were also trying to solve the problem with cars parked illegally on the roadside as it was narrowing down road space. Also, driveways of many buildings are used as parking lots, blocking the path of fire engines in case of a major fire. NDITA was also in touch with the fire services department for improving fire-fighting arrangements in the IT hub.In nearby Rajarhat New Town, HIDCO is in the process of appointing an agency to conduct a fire audit for high-rise buildings in the township to check for fire safety arrangements. \"An agency will conduct this audit to check all precautionary fire safety measures. The audit will, for instance, check whether dates of fire extinguishers have expired. If any lapse is detected, the developer will be cautioned. Action will be taken against developers not heeding the caution,\" said Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee recently pointed out that there were several high-rise buildings in Rajarhat New Town that have been constructed in an unplanned manner. Besides, the authorities will work to set up a fire station in New Town.In Salt Lake too, the fire services department is checking high-rise buildings and will submit a report to Bidhannagar Municipality. The municipality is already checking papers of some hospitals, including AMRI Salt Lake, to identify any deviations from the prescribed building plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11407100", "title": "Temperature down by 3 degrees C", "text": "PUNE: If you are missing the midnight shiver or the early morning chill, the weather man has got some good news for you.The night temperature dropped by almost 3 degrees C -- from 13.6 on Friday to 10.7 degrees C on Saturday. The figures of Saturday reflect the normal temperature range this time of the year.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast mainly clear skies with the night temperature to be around 10 degrees C in the next 24 hours. It may go down to 9 degrees Celsius by January 9.\"The drop in the temperature is influenced by the weakening of easterly waves over Maharashtra. At the same time, the northerly waves are deepening into the central parts of India,\" said an IMD official.IMD director (weather forecasting) P C S Rao said, \"Western disturbances prevail over the northern states. As long as the system persists, strong northerly winds will continue to flow in the central parts of the country. Temperatures will go down in the northern parts of the country.\"In Pune, the week began with the warmest New Year Day experienced in the last one decade at 18.6 degrees Celsius.The night temperature in the city came down subsequently to 15.6 degrees C on January 2 and 14.9 on January 3. It went further down to 12.6 on January 4 and 5 before marginally going up by one degrees Celsius on January 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11408127", "title": "Maoists issue poster threat", "text": "GARHWA: Several posters written in red, blue and green ink were pasted on Friday night by the Maoist rebels at public places and government offices in Dandai and Chinia areas of the district asking the villagers, government officials and newly elected panchayat representatives to change their modus operandi.A day before, the rebels also posted similar posters on the walls of Ranka and Ramkanda block offices, Ranka market, passenger shed, pramukh office and Udaypur bazaar of Ramkanda block. However, police removed all the posters.\"The panchayat elections have no meaning when the problems of the common masses have not been addressed,\" a poster read. Another poster said the Maoists had carried out the killing of 11 police jawans in Latehar during \"jana mukti chhapamar sena\" week on December 3 to avenge the killing of Maoist leader Kateshwar Rao alias Kishanji who was killed in a police encounter in West Midnapur of West Bengal.The posters have warned the Tritya Prastuti Committee (TPC) to stop its activities. The Maoists have called upon the villagers to oppose Operation Green Hunt. \"Police should stop harassing common people in the name of Naxalites ,\" a poster read.According to police, the Maoists resorted to poster war after being pushed to a corner by a series of successful security operations for the past one year.\"The Maoists are again trying to regroup in some parts of Garhwa district. They are using such tactics to spread their influence in the areas,\" said a senior police officer adding that the rebels had waged a poster war in their efforts to garner villagers' support apparently to consolidate their diminishing support base in the rural areas. Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said, \"We have information that Maoists have been active in some parts of the district in a bid to consolidate their support base.\" Police are aware of the recent activities of the Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "11415647", "title": "Bangladeshi court orders sedition charge over Facebook posting", "text": "DHAKA: A Bangladeshi court today directed the authorities to prosecute a university lecturer for sedition for wishing death to Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Facebook, a media report said today.Last week, the High Court sentenced 29-year-old Md Ruhul Amin Khandaker, a lecturer at Jahangirnagar University's Institute of Information Technology, to six months imprisonment for committing a contempt of court following his failure to respond to repeated summons to explain his posting on the social networking website.The High Court today directed the police chief to file a sedition case against Khandaker, who is presently in Australia on study leave, for making \"derogatory comment\" about the prime minister, the Star online reported.Lawyers were quoted as saying in the media that this is the first time a Bangladeshi is being tried for sedition linked to a posting on a social networking site.On August 13, upset over the death of Bangladesh's most famous filmmaker Tareque Masud and journalist Ashfaque Munier Mishuk in a road accident in Manikganj, the lecturer had posted on his Facebook page, why Hasina does not die when many people were dying in road accidents, the report said.On August 18 last year, the court had ordered the lecturer to explain in two weeks why he should not be prosecuted for his \"derogatory comment\".On December 12, the Hight Court had ordered the lecturer to appear before it on January 2 to explain why he should not be punished for committing contempt of court by not responding to its earlier order.The court today directed the inspector general of police (IGP) to submit a report to it by January 15 after complying with the order, the report in Bangladeshi daily said.The Facbook posting during the lecturer's stay in Australia has since been deleted.The order has sparked outrage among the vibrant blogging community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11406264", "title": "Faced with NBW, Sukhram surrenders in telecom scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours after a trial court threatened to issue a non-bailable warrant (NBW) against former Union minister Sukhram if he failed to surrender before it on Saturday, the 86-year-old politician appeared before the court after coming in an ambulance.The politician surrendered before special CBI judge Sanjiv Jain, who sent him to jail to serve his three years' sentence in the 1993 telecom scam case. On Friday, Sukhram's counsel had told the court that he had slipped into coma and that he may be taken into judicial custody in the hospital itself. However, doctors attending on him had claimed that he was not in a state of coma and only feeling drowsy.When the judge heard the matter in the morning, Sukhram counsel Anil Nag clarified before the court that the former minister was not in coma but in a state of drowsiness and would surrender before the court. He also stated that the issuance of the warrant would adversely affect their case pending in the Supreme Court. Nag told the court that the advocate who appeared for Sukhram on the last hearing had gone \"over the board\" while stating that the former minister was in coma.The court then instructed the court staff to inform the authorities concerned to make adequate arrangements in case Sukhram comes to surrender in an ambulance and is unable to move on his own. As Sukhram reached the Patiala house court complex in an ambulance, the doctor, who accompanied him, told the court that the \"patient\" was still unconscious. The judge then said that the doctor could accompany Sukhram in the ambulance till he reaches Tihar Jail.The judge ordered Sukhram to be taken to jail in the same ambulance and directed the prison authorities to provide him necessary medical aid as per norms. \"As requested by the counsel for the convict (Sukhram), lock up/jail authorities are directed to provide necessary medical aid to the convict in accordance to the norms,\" the judge said.Sukhram was directed by the Supreme Court to surrender before the trial court on January 5 but he avoided the same citing medical reasons. The high court had on December 21 last year upheld the lower court's 2002 judgment holding Sukhram, former bureaucrat Runu Ghosh and Hyderabad-based businessman P Rama Rao guilty of being part of a criminal conspiracy to defraud the state exchequer by awarding a Telecom equipment supply contract to Hyderabad's Advanced Radio Masts (ARM) which had supplied inferior goods at a higher rate to the DoT.Runu Ghosh and Rama Rao had surrendered before the trial court on January 5 and were sent to jail to serve their sentence of two and three years respectively along with Rs two lakh fine. The three convicts had approached the apex court to grant them relief so that they would not have to surrender. The apex court, however, refused to entertain their plea, saying that their appeal against the Delhi High Court would be listed for hearing only after they surrender before the trial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11407759", "title": "Landmine victims' kin compensated", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The state government has provided Rs 8 lakh to the families of policemen who died in the landmine blast triggered by Maoists near Srirampur, under Kotagarh police station in Kandhamal district.Kandhamal SP J N Pankaj handed over the cheques to the family members of the deceased on Friday evening after the cremation. He assured the bereaved families they will get all other benefits like insurance, a job to a dependent member in the family, assistance from police welfare fund, special pension and land very soon.Three police constables - Sunasiri Mohanty (31), Umaknata Jani (33) and Sngram Kesari Lenka (26) - died on the spot when a police vehicle in which they were travelling was blown up in the landmine explosion on Thursday. Three other policemen in the vehicle sustained injuries. The injured policmen are battling their lives at SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack.Meanwhile, the SP claimed some clues have been found regarding the perpetrators of the ghastly incident. Besides outsiders, local supporters were also involved in the incident, he said, adding they will be arrested very soon.The SP said combing operation is on in several areas in the district, including in Kotagarh area.At least three units of Combat Battalion for Resolute Action (CoBRA) and more number of jawans from Special Operation Group (SOG) have joined the existing forces to intensify the combing operation in the district, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11407967", "title": "UNC poll ban in 11 Naga-dominated constituencies", "text": "IMPHAL: Barring the Naga People's Front (NPF), the United Naga Council (UNC) has asked all parties not to field candidates in the 11 Naga-dominated assembly constituencies of the state for the January 28 assembly elections.The NPF, a Nagaland-based regional party, is contesting the polls for the first time on the issue of \"protecting tribal land and identity, expediting Naga peace process and establishment of an alternative administrative arrangement.\"A day after the UNC diktat came, Nagaland chief minister Nephiu Rio, with the top party leadership on Saturday, held a meeting in Senapati to announce the names of party candidates.This new development has put the Election Commission on guard. State chief electoral officer PC Lawmkunga said the EC is worried over the UNC diktat. \"After the militants' diktat to Congress candidates, the UNC has issued an advisory in the hill districts that it will now allow any party, except the NPF, to field candidates. We cannot let the democratic exercise to be strangled. We have asked candidates from all other parties in the hill districts to file their nomination from Imphal instead of their respective district headquarters,\" he added. The CEO said once the candidates from the hill districts file their nomination, the EC will make foolproof security arrangements for them.The Naga-dominated hill areas are in the four districts of Senapati, Ukhrul, Tamenglong and Chandel. The five hill districts have 20 constituencies in all of which the NPF is contesting in 12. Churachandpur is a hill district dominated by Kukis, Paites and Hmars - non-Naga tribes.The CEO said all polling stations in 20 constituencies of the hill districts have been categorized as \"hyper sensitive\". The Congress has fielded its candidates in all 60 assembly constituencies and has put as many as 11 Naga candidates in the Naga-dominated areas.The debut of NPF in the assembly polls is being seen as stretching of the turf war between the dominant Meities who control the valley and the Nagas - the second biggest group holding sway in the hill areas.Recently, Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio had said NPF was a recognized political party and can contest elections from anywhere in the country. The ruling Congress is putting up a brave fight against the new twist in the ethnic battle.Manipur Pradesh Congress Committee president Gaikhangam, who is a Naga tribesman from Manipur, also feels that in a democracy anyone can canvass or fight elections from anywhere in the country. \"The NPF is no threat to Congress. We will have the majority and form the government. I don't see any fallout from NPF contesting the elections in Manipur. What we want is free, fair and peaceful election,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11408146", "title": "Admission chaos in Dhanbad institution", "text": "DHANBAD: Chaos prevailed in De Nobili School at Bartand here on Saturday when guardians who wanted their wards admitted to lower kindergarten (LKG) class protested after they were denied entry on the school premises during the draw of lotteries for admission.About 70 parents were debarred from entering the premises although they claimed they had reached the school by 10am, the deadline set by the school management. Police had to intervene to pacify the agitated parents.The school management had called the guardians on Saturday to witness the draw. There are 200 seats in LKG of the school and 120 were reserved for the wards of the employees of the different central government undertakings, including Central Mining and Fuel Research Institute and Bharat Coking Coal Limited.Jageshwar Sahu, who had sought admission of his son Ayush Anand, said, \"I alongwith other guardians had reached the school at 10 in the morning, but were not allowed to enter as the guards said the time was over.\" Like sahu, Ashraf Hussain of Jagjiwan Nagar and Inteqab Alam had also gone to the school for admission of their children but were denied entry.The guardians started agitating and tried to gatecrash. The school management called police to maintain order. Later, a delegation of two guardians was allowed to meet the authorities, who said since the process was over, they could not provide any relief to the guardians. The list of the selected candidates was displayed within an hour. K D Thomas, the vice-president of the school, said the guardians who had come by 10am were allowed to enter. \"We had set a deadline and we stuck to it.\"For the 80 vacancies in general category, the management had found 327 candidates eligible for the lottery. The guardians of 270 were allowed entry on the school campus.Admission through lottery has been introduced for the first time in the premier schools of Dhanbad. Ratan Kumar Mahabar, the district superintendent of education, has written to the management of private schools here not to hold tests for admission till Class VIII as it violated the Right to Education Act. \"Every violation will invite a fine of Rs 25,000 for each student which the school will have to pay,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11406544", "title": "Post-Sachar, Muslim enrolment soars", "text": "Post-Sachar Committee, the educational scenario for Muslims seems to be changing rapidly in the country, more so in the states which have concentration of minority population. Greater motivation is evident among Muslim parents to send their children to schools. Several initiatives of the Government, including Sarva Siksha Abhiyan, and the scholarship schemes for minority children, have started showing results.A recent study on participation of Muslim minority children in elementary education, based on District Information System on Education (DISE) data for 2009-10, suggests a significant improvement in enrolment.The data, collected from more than 1.28 million recognised schools imparting elementary education from across 635 districts spread over 35 states and Union territories of the country, reveals a total enrolment of 17.17 million Muslim children in 2009-10 which is 13.04 percent of the total 131.72 million enrolment in primary classes I to V. During 2009-10, an additional 2.34 million Muslim children were enrolled in primary classes across the country. The percent share of Muslim enrolment during the previous year was 11.03 and in 2007-08, it was 10.49.Of the total Muslim enrolment in primary classes, the percentage of Muslim girls is 48.89, which is quite similar to the share of girls in overall primary enrolment (48.44 percent) at the all-India level.The highest percentage of Muslim enrolment is seen in Lakshadweep Union territory (99.61) which is because of the fact that the percentage of Muslim population to total population in this UT in 2001 was as high as 95.47. In Jammu and Kashmir, the proportion of Muslim children in primary classes is reported to be 7.80 percent, which is almost the same as its share in population (66.97 percent). Assam, Bihar, Delhi, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand and West Bengal are few other states which too have a high percentage of Muslim children in primary classes.Proportion of Muslim enrolment in upper primary classes VI to VIII has also improved significantly to 11.47 percent in 2009-10 from 9.13 percent in 2008-09 and 8.54 percent in 2007-08. Of the total 54.02 million enrolments in upper primary classes in the country in 2009-10, Muslim enrolment is reported to be 6.20 million. The percentage of Muslim girls to total Muslim enrolment in upper primary classes is 49.97, which is above the national average of 48.04. Assam, Bihar, Delhi, Jammu and Kashmir, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand and West Bengal too have high percentage share of Muslim enrolment in upper primary classes.Overall, the data reveals 12.58 percent Muslim enrolment at elementary level (classes I to VIII) of which 49.20 percent are girls. Both primary and upper primary enrolment together have a total of 23.37 million Muslim children studying in elementary classes.Uttar Pradesh has a total of 3.09 million Muslim enrolment followed by 3.51 million in West Bengal and 2.57 million in Bihar in elementary classes. The provisional gross enrolment ratio at elementary level of education in case of Muslim children comes out to be around 93 percent. This means that only seven percent of the Muslim children in the 6 to 14 age-group are not enrolled at the elementary level.The enrolment data for the year 2009-10 also reveals that there are certain pockets in the country which have high percentage of Muslim enrolment. There are about 1,01,484 schools which have more than 25 percent Muslim enrolment in elementary classes. These schools account for 7.91 percent of the total schools that impart elementary education in the country.Similarly, 72,053 (5.62 percent) schools have above 50 percent Muslim enrolment as compared to 54,355 schools (4.84 percent) having 75 percent and above and 43,809 schools (3.41 percent) even having a share of 90 and above Muslim enrolment to total enrolment in the country.Owing to the high percent share of Muslim population to total population, 11 districts of Jammu and Kashmir have got above 90 percent Muslim enrolment in 2009-10 in primary and upper primary classes. On the other hand, 34 districts in the country have more than 50 percent Muslim enrolment in primary classes in 2009-10 compared to 30 such districts in case of upper primary enrolment. 12 districts of Jammu and Kashmir, one each from Bihar, Lakshadweep and Kerala and two from West Bengal and eight districts of Assam have more than 50 percent Muslim enrolment in primary classes.(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11407528", "title": "Documents are being destroyed: BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Attempts were being made to derail the ongoing probe into the NRHM scam, state unit of BJP has alleged, and demanded that CBI should immediately seal all the offices where documents pertaining to the scam were being kept.\"In a bid to hinder the ongoing inquiry, documents and evidences related to the multi-crore scam spread across UP are being destroyed,\" alleged state BJP spokesman Vijay Bahadur Pathak in a statement here on Saturday.He alleged that it was evident from the recent incident, wherein some car-borne persons burnt documents related to health department near NBRI on Kanpur Road. \"This is not the first time when an attempt to destroy documents has been made. Similar cases have been reported from other districts, including Aligarh, Etah and Agra, as well\", Pathak alleged. He said that it was a serious matter due to involvement of senior officials in the scam. tnnThe BJP spokesman said so far a number of senior officials, including a former director deneral of health, have been arrested by the CBI in connection with the NRHM scam. \"Is destroying evidences and documents is an attempt to save the bigwigs involved in the scam, \" Pathak asked.He demanded that the CBI should also take cognisance of such incidents and immediately seal all the offices where such an attempt was suspected.He also said that the issue should not be politicised as it was related to poor people of the state. \"It is purely a scam wherein money meant for medical facilities for poor was pocketed by few people therefore it should not be politicised\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11407278", "title": "City police to dig up 'cold' murder cases", "text": "VADODARA: For the first time, the city police will focus on murder cases that have not been detected over a long period. The city police will focus on 13 such 'cold cases' on a priority and try to explore possibilities of detecting them.Since the year 2000, as many as 56 murder mysteries have remained unresolved. Of these, 13 murders remained undetected since 2007. It will be these 13 cases that the city police will focus on presently.Vadodara police commissioner Satish Sharma said the undetected cases had come to his notice during the annual inspection of various police stations. \"Murders remaining undetected is not good and some of these murders were very serious in nature. Senior officials will study these cases and explore the possibility of detecting them,\" he added.Some sensational murders like that of constable Anil Sharma on March 13 last year in Gorwa and that of security guard Suresh Vankar on January 13 last year at a Jain temple in Sama area of the city have remained undetected. \"There are some very serious cases and we are trying to reopen them,\" Sharma said.Sharma said identifying a motive is the key to any murder's detection. \"Murders, unlike other offences, have varied motives attached to them like monetary gain, enmity, family disputes or passion. We will focus on the possible motives behind the murders,\" he said.The police chief added that often murders got cracked within a few days, but if time passed, the trails went cold. \"In such cases, it is often desirable to wait till the accused gets off guard. Also, if one looks at such cases afresh after some time or if a new officer goes through them, there are chances that a fresh perspective may emerge,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11409128", "title": "An experience simply divine", "text": "Outside , a hearty kirtan welcomes devotees from the Tirumala Devasthanam who are making a short stopover at the temple. Inside, the chink of cutlery against expensive table-ware creates a subtle background to hushed conversations and appreciative murmurs, while diners sink into plush highbacked sofas.The Higher Taste, the vegetarian fine-dining restaurant situated within the premises of the Iskcon temple can be seen as a bit of an anachronism - like something that has landed here from a different time-zone . But the fact is no one who dines on the gourmet sattvik fare at the popular restaurant finds it strange in the least; they are usually too busy licking their fingers.The Higher Taste, which remains a closely guarded secret among residents from neighbouring areas and Iskcon devotees and regulars, has been in business for more than a year. It was the brainchild of Sri CC Dasa, a senior functionary at Iskcon Bangalore, and most of the research for the dishes was done at the food lab here. \"The genesis of the idea lay in offering different varieties of prasadam to devotees. According to sattvik principles of cooking, prasadam has to be vegetarian and shouldn't contain certain ingredients. So it can range from puliyogare and pongal to pizzas and pastas,\" says Sri Dasa.Everything at the restaurant is prepared using sattvik methods: the all-veg food is minus onion, garlic and caffeine (found in mushrooms). While a buffet serves many kinds of salads along with continental and Indian staples like pasta and biriyani, the a la carte menu offers a variety of refreshing fruit-based drinks and north and south-Indian curries and rice dishes . To make up for the oniongarlic flavour, seasonings such as fennel (saunf) and fenugreek (methi) are used.When it comes to dessert, the piece de resistance is the paan ice-cream , an innovation by the restaurant, which has flecks of paan leaves dotting a smooth, creamy ice-cream .One spoon of this and you'd be forced to pronounce the taste 'simply divine' .CLOSE TO MY HEARTThe Higher Taste is close to my heart as I provided inputs for the menu as well as kitchen design. Each and every item on the menu is first given as prasadam to the gods and only then served to the guests. The best thing about the restaurant is that even though the food is made without onion and garlic, people can't make out the difference. Onion and garlic are two main ingredients in Indian cooking. And to be able to pull off Chinese and North Indian cuisines is a huge achievement. Many are now taking to food without onion and garlic: less oil is used as both ingredients require a good amount of oil to fry, and many for spirituals reason prefer to stay off them.Water awards up for grabsBangalore: The Centre for Sustainable Development (CSD) will hold the Bangalore World Water Summit from February 1-3 . Awards will be given for innovations in water utility operational and management systems, best practices and promotion of social aspects. CSD invites nominations metropolitan bodies, water boards, palikes, municipal corporations, industries and Non-Government Agencies which contributed to the water sector. Individual entries will not be entertained. Submit applications by January 14. For details, got to www.bangalorewatersummit.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11408237", "title": "POE opens office in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Union minister for Overseas Indian Affairs Vayalar Ravi on Saturday inaugurated the Protector Of Emigrants (POE) office at Sitapura in the presence of chief minister Ashok Gehlot . The office - ninth in the country - has been opened by the ministry in cooperation with the state government and has an online facility for applying.The office is housed in the Common Facility Centre (CFC) of RIICO at the Sitapura industrial area. POE offices, set up under the Emigration Act of 1983, provide assistance to those going abroad for work. POE offices grant emigration clearance to different categories of workers going to 17 designated countries.The opening of the new office at Jaipur will ensure that prospective emigrants in the state will not have to travel to Delhi for clearance. From now on, registered recruiting agents at the office here will be filing their applications on the poeonline.gov.in website online.Ravi added a large number of people from here who go abroad for jobs, particularly in the Middle East, will benefit out of it. Statistics reveal during the last three years more than 1.5 lakh workers in the state sought emigration clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11406757", "title": "No breakthrough in loot case", "text": "PATNA: Even over 24 hours after the incident of Rs 3.8 lakh loot along with a motorcycle from a wine shop-owner near Bahadurpur road overbridge on Friday, the Patna police have failed to make any breakthrough in the case.Three motorcycle-borne criminals looted the cash along along with the motorcycle from Jitendra Kumar under the Patrakarnagar police station area. City SP Kim on Saturday said the police have recovered the stolen motorcycle lying abandoned near Biscomaun Colony under the Alamganj police station.She said some persons had been interrogated in this connection and raids were being carried out at the suspected hideouts of the criminals. In response to a question whether any employee of the wine shop could have been involved in the incident, Kim said the police were working on all possible angles.Meanwhile, police revealed that raids were carried out under the jurisdictions of ten police stations, including rural ones, in Patna district to nab those involved in the incident.Body recovered: The Bihta police recovered the body of a married woman lying close to Bihta-Bikram highway near Amhara village on Saturday. Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar said apparently the victim was murdered somewhere else and her body abandoned near the highway to conceal the crime.Everything would be clear after the autopsy is conducted, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11407000", "title": "Cash stolen from 'plane'", "text": "NAGPUR: For perhaps the first time in city, a city businessman lodged a complaint that his cash of 65,000 kept in the bag was allegedly stolen from an air plane.Suraj Rao was travelling from Goa to Nagpur in a private airline and had kept the bag in the luggage area. The robbery came to light when Rao landed in city on Saturday morning. He found the cash missing when his bag was undergoing examination at Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International airport.Rao immediately lodged a complaint at Sonegaon police station. However, police are still trying to ascertain whether the cash was stolen in the flight or at the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408750", "title": "Take the bus to work tomorrow", "text": "MYSORE: The 10th edition of Bus Day by KSRTC will be held on Monday.More city buses will ply from city bus stand to Vijayanagar. As against the usual 42 trips to Vijayanagar I and II Stage, the bus will make 80 trips (bus No 123 and 123A) on Monday. Unlike earlier when buses to Vijayanagar were available every 40 minutes from the city bus stand, on Monday there will be a bus plying every 20 minutes.In Vijayanagar III Stage, instead of 80 trips there will be 180 trips on Monday. Buses will be available every 10 minutes for commuters who travel from Vijayanagar to city bus stand and vice versa. The KSRTC Mysore (urban) divisional controller M N Srinivas called upon the public to make use of this facility and prefer buses to other modes of transport for a day. \"Through this we will be saving petrol and diesel to some extent,\" pointed Srinivas. Bus services will be available from 5am to 11pm. Bus No. &amp; Routes Vijayangar I and II Stage -123 and 123A Vijayanagar III Stage -95, 95A, B, C and 182C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11407285", "title": "Laksharchana mahayagya at Ayyappa Temple on Jan 8", "text": "One lakh 'pushparchana' will be performed by 100 devotees amidst chanting of Ayyappa 'shlokas' on January 8 from 9.30 am onwards at the Lord Ayyappa Temple, Vineet Khand, Gomtinagar here. A large gathering of devotees is expected to take part in the puja. This is for the first time that 'Laksharchana mahayagya' is being conducted in this temple, informs general secretary of Lord Ayyappa Service Society TRG Nair.LU V-C delivers lecture at Science Congress: Prof MK Mishra, vice-chancellor of Lucknow University delivered a special public forum lecture on the topic 'Photodynamic control of selective bond dissociation' in the 99th Indian Science Congress Association held at Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology (KIIT), Bhubaneshwar, Orissa on Friday.Prof SS Katiyar, ex vice-chancellor of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, Kanpur chaired the session. Prof Mishra discussed the use of laser rays in slicing the bonds of molecule at the desired place in a chemical just like knife cutting any vegetable or article. This technique will be of immense application in diverse fields for human welfare, he informed.Drama competition: Bengali Club and Youngmen's Association, Lucknow organised 48th All India Prakash Chandra Ghosh Memorial Full Length Bengali Drama Competition-2011. The competition which began on December 18, 2011 concluded on Friday. Prakash Chandra Ghosh Memorial Running Shield was bagged by Anarjayan of Sucharcha, Kolkata, while Nandan Bhattacharya bagged the best director's award for the same play.Manfest-2012: Indian Institute of Managment (IIM), Lucknow is organising 25th edition of Manfest, the international business conclave from January 20 to January 22 at the IIM campus. For further details, visit the event's website.Blood donation camp: State Bank of India, administrative office, organised comrade Ashok Wadhva memorial blood donation camp at its office here on Friday under the supervision of SGPGI doctors. SBI staff and people belonging to social organisations donated blood in the camp. K Ramachandran, chief general manger of the bank, was the chief guest at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11406288", "title": "Rs10cr assets seized from MP engineer", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Lokayukta's police team raided the home of an assistant engineer with the tribal development department on Saturday and found assets worth Rs 10 crore.Assistant engineer Ram Lakhan Yadav posted at Chhindwara earns a salary of about Rs 32,000. He was involved in his department's work at Balaghat, Khandwa, Betul and Chhindwara. He has worked for 24 years.SP (Lokayukta) Ashok Solanki said the seized documents related to property disproportionate to Yadav's income worth at least Rs 10 crore. These showed Yadav owned a plush three-storied building on 2,800 square feet of land in his own name. He also owns a duplex flat and a 1,000 square feet prime plot.Besides, Yadav owns a 10,000 square feet farm house at Indore's Nepania, a plot in Omax City and bank accounts in the name of his wife, daughter and a son showing deposits worth at least Rs 7 lakh.Sleuths also found cash, jewellery, and other expensive articles worth Rs 10 lakh during the raid said Solanki. Yadav also owned two cars - a Tavera and an Indica - and a two-wheeler.This is the third Lokayukta raid in a month in the region. In earlier raids, one in Ujjain and another in Indore, the sleuths had stumbled upon documents of properties worth crore of rupees and seized a large quantity of gold from the possession of the raided officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11408819", "title": "Learn how to fight evil", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Against Corruption (MAC) has organized a series of awareness programmes on how to fight corruption. As part of it, a workshop has been organized for the public on using the RTI Act-2005 to fight corruption on Sunday. The event is to promote some features of the RTI.The event will be held at Cheluvamba Park in Vani Vilas Mohalla at 2.30pm.The sessions will be handled by Dr R Balasubramaniam, founder of Swami Vivekananda Youth Movement and members of MAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406755", "title": "Alert hawker 'finds' lost kids", "text": "MUMBAI: Two children, who had strayed from home and lost their way, were reunited with their anxious parents by an alert hawker at Dahisar East on Thursday. The Dahisar police plan to felicitate the hawker, Rupesh Bubna (28), for using presence of mind.The two children, Roshan Nepali (5) and Rohan Singh (4), are neighbours at Shanti nagar Dongri, a sprawling slum in Dahisar. Around 2.45 pm, the two were playing outside and strayed some distance away from home. When they tried to return, the duo lost their way and landed up at Nancy bus depot. Bubna, who sells his wares near the depot, spotted the kids and sensed something amiss. He immediately dialled the police emergency number '100.'Meanwhile, Nepali's father, Raju, who is a watchman, approached the Dahisar police station and lodged a missing complaint for both the kids. The control room, which had received Bubna's phone call, alerted the Dahisar police and a team left for Nancy depot. Around 5 pm, both the kids were found safe with Bubna and brought back to the police station where they were handed over to a relieved Raju.\"We are planning to felicitate the hawker as his timely intervention saved the kids from any harm,\" said senior inspector Ansar Peerzade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11408863", "title": "Hijacked Iran boat rescued by US navy", "text": "WASHINGTON: Amidst the political tensions between the US and Iran over transit in and around the Persian Gulf , a US navy ship rescued an Iranian fishing boat that had been commandeered by suspected Somali pirates in Arabian Sea. Thirteen Iranians were rescued by a US navy destroyer more than 40 days after their boat was hijacked by suspected Somali pirates.The rescue came just days after Iranian leaders warned the US to keep its warships out of the Persian Gulf. Iran foreign ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast \"welcomed\" the humanitarian act by US on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11408053", "title": "Fog and cloud keep chill away from city", "text": "RANCHI: Low level clouds are prevailing all over the state with occasional and scattered drizzle but the chill in the air is still to set in. The day temperature has reduced because of cloudy weather and absence of sun over almost a week. Though the maximum temperature is around 23 degree Celsius, the minimum temperature is around 13-14 degree Celsius.Fog conditions emerged almost everywhere in the state since Thursday night due to a sudden fall in temperature and incursion of moisture from the Northwest Bay of Bengal. According to the local office of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) the condition is likely to prevail for a few more days because of three-four weather systems remaining active simultaneously. While the main activity has been triggered by the western disturbance, a cyclonic circulation over Pakistan in the upper troposphere has emerged in the eastern part of the country over Assam.Weather scientist at Birsa Agriculture University, A Wadood, said that apart from the two cyclonic circulations causing turbulence in the weather phenomenon, an anti-cyclonic circulation emerging over the Northwest Bay of Bengal has played the key role in affecting the weather. \"The anti-cyclonic circulation in which high speed winds blow from the centre of the cyclone outwards in a clockwise direction is causing moisture incursion at the surface level,\" he said, citing it as the main reason for fog in the Gangetic plain.Ranchi being situation at a high altitude, is more prone to fog which is also described as low lying clouds. Wadood said despite the cold temperature during the day time, the chill of northern winds is missing because of the cloud which is working as a shield. \"As soon as the fog and low lying clouds disappear there are ample chances of night temperatures falling sharply and a slight improvement in the day temperature,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "11407321", "title": "Keep eye on people distributing money to voters, says Sena MP", "text": "AURANGABAD: Shiv Sena MP Chandrakant Khaire has asked party workers to keep an eye on political parties who may use their money power in the forthcoming zilla parishad (ZP) elections.\"If you come across anybody distributing money, catch him and hand him over to the police,\" Khaire told party workers at a meeting held on Friday to discuss the strategy for ZP elections.Khaire accused NCP candidates of winning several municipal council elections using their financial might. He suspected that NCP leaders may use a similar strategy in the zilla parishad elections. \"However, don't keep quite if you come across such an activity,\" he urged party workers.The Sena is fighting the ZP and municipal elections in the state with the BJP and the Republican Party of India (Athavale faction). He regretted that the BJP wasted at least six days in deciding seat sharing. \"Still, if we fight the election sincerely, it's not hard to win the zilla parishad and pamchayat samiti elections in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11407323", "title": "Mando festival at Curchorem", "text": "PANAJI: The '2nd All Goa Mando Festival' organized by the Guardian Angel parish youth, in association with the Guardian Angel church 125 years jubilee celebration cultural committee, will be held on January 8 at 3.30pm at Ravindra Bhavan, Curchorem.Career guidance workshop: A one-day workshop on career guidance in arts, science, commerce and other related subjects will be held at the community hall, Batim-Goa Velha on January 8. In the morning session, speakers will speak on careers in the shipping industry, hospitality, industrial and technical training, entrepreunership, arts, commerce, management etc. In the evening session, speakers will speak on careers in science, medicine, engineering and technology.Jashn-e-Khatme-Quran programme: Sunni Mohanedia Jama Masjid, Taleigao, will organize a 'Jashn-e-Khatme-Quran programme' at its presmises on January 8 at 9.30am. Boys and girls will be felicitated for completion of recitation of the Quran, while participation certificates and prizes will be given to the winners of the Naat-e-Pak and Orator contests held in November, 2011.Seminar on pre-school education: In an effort to improve the quality of preschool education in Goa, the Goa College of Home Science will organize two events for teachers and administrators, titled, 'Enhancing the Quality of Preschool Education in Goa' on January 19 at Goa State Museum auditorium, Patto, Panaji and 'Translating Preschool Philosophies into Action' on January 20 at the college premises respectively. For details and registration, contact the college office Ph:2425254/2227603 latest by January 10.Theatre workshop at Sunaparanta: Sunaparanta - Goa centre for the arts, will present 'From the page to the stage', a theatre workshop Arundhati Chattopadhyay for children in the 6-10 age group. The workshop will be conducted over three weeks on January 13, 14, 20, 21, 27 and 28, between 5pm and 6.30pm. For details and registration call on 2421311 or email at info@sgcfa.org. The final performance will be held on January 28, at 6.30pm, and will be open to the public.Saraswat food, cultural fete at Margao: The annual 'Saraswat food and cultural festival 2012' will be held from February 3 to 5 at BPS Sports Club grounds, Margao. This festival is being hosted by Mathagramsath Saraswat Samaj under the banner of Goa Saraswat Samaj. For details call on 2736284.Kayaking trips: Goa Kayaking will organize daily kayaking trips on the backwaters of the Zuari, Mandovi and Sal river. For registration, contact Prakash on 9422056037 or email at goakayaking@gmail.com. For details log on goakayaking@com.TAG's 'Somplelea Tiatristancho Ugddas' programme:'Somplelea Tiatristancho Ugddas', the monthly programme of Tiatr Academy of Goa (TAG) will be held on January 12 at 4.45pm at TAG's Conference Hall, Campal Trade Centre, Panaji. The artistes of tiatr stage who were born in the month of January and who are no more living will be remembered in the programme. These artistes are Mary Vaz (actor), Alex Piedade Fernandes (musician), Tony Friend (singer/actor), Sebastiao Gabriel D'Souza (writer/director), J.R.Fithna (writer/actor/singer) and Assis Joao Avelino Afonso alias Affonceka (writer/director/actor).Exhibition at Sunaparanta:Sunaparanta - Goa Centre for the Arts will organize the exhibition 'Draw the Line' - a kaleidoscopic multimedia exploration of lines and boundaries featuring over 40 Goa-based artists. The exhibition will be curated by Margaret Mascarenhas and will be on till January 14. The gallery timing is 10am to 6.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11406977", "title": "Dalit parties lock horns over memorial for Ambedkar", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramdas Athavale's woes are far from over. He may have extracted a few more seats from the Sena-BJP alliance. However, the maverick RPI leader has Anand Raj Ambedkar breathing down his neck over the Dr B R Ambedkar memorial in central Mumbai. The Ambedkar memorial, which has become a major poll issue, raises a host of questions about the Dalit diaspora.It all began with Athavale sealing a poll pact with the Sena-BJP combine. The Sena-BJP-RPI alliance has created fissures in Maharashtra's multi-layered Dalit movement. Many Dalit activists are opposed to Athavale 's RPI breaking bread with the Hindutva brigade. It is in this context that the recent Dalit crusade, led by Anand Raj Ambedkar, to set up a Dr B R Ambedkar memorial on a 12-acre plot of the India United Mills in central Mumbai, assumes political significance.Anand Raj is the late Dr B R Ambedkar's grand son. Anand Raj took charge of the stir and forcibly occupied the now-defunct India United Mills to press his demand that the Maharashtra government should acquire the mill plot from the National Textiles Corporation, and clear the decks to set up the memorial. The agitation turned violent and had its echoes in the Bombay High Court as well following the NTC's petition that the agitating Dalit activists should be thrown out of the mill.In a clever bid to take on Athavale 's RPI, the ruling Congress-NCP alliance displayed amazing alacrity to resolve the memorial issue. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan recently led an all-party delegation to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi The PM said that the acquisition of the 12-acre India United plot for Dr Ambedkar's memorial had been accepted in principle. The Congress-NCP thus helped Anand Raj project himself as the swash-buckling Dalit knight vis-a-vis Ramdas Athavale , say political observers.As if this wasn't enough, noted Dalit poet Namdeo Dhasal has fired a salvo against Athavale for projecting himself as the sole saviour of the Dalit community. Dhasal, who has excellent equations with the Sena, is said to be upset with Matoshree for promoting Athavale .Dhasal and AAthavale both belong to the iconic Dalit Panthers movement of the 1970s had a show-down on Thursday at Sena Bhavan where the Sena-BJP-RPI leaders met to discuss sharing of seats. As Dhasal, who has for long been ailing, was wheeled into Uddhav Thackeray's office, several of Athavale 's supporters stopped Dhasal's loyalists at the door-step. This sparked a row and a fuming Dhasal walked out of the meeting. Later, Athavale tendered his apologies to Dhasal. However, the poet is in no mood for a truce with Athavale .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411009", "title": "The story of how opposites attract", "text": "The launch of the latest fiction show, \"Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha\" on Colors was a musical event, where the song from the original movie \"Baton Baton Mein\" evolved in multiple genres with rock, rap, classical and Bollywood portraying the contrast between the two lead characters of the show - Mohan and Mrs Vyas.One could clearly see the madness of rock 'n' roll in the lead character Mohan played by Kunal Karan Kapoor and the serenity of classical and Sufi music in Mrs Vyas' character played by newcomer Aakanska Singh. Her two kids will be played by Ashnoor Kaur (Nanhi) and Vishesh (Aditya).Also present at the do were other actors from the show - Anjan Srivastav, Madhuri Bhandiwdekar, Madhuri Sanjeev and Rinku Karmarkar. The channel's fiction head, Prashaant Bhatt and producers Seema and Sudhir Sharma, were seen interacting with the guests.This light-hearted saga is about a complicated relationship between a single mother with no intention of being a bride again and a self-centred bachelor who runs miles away from marriage or commitment. \"Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha\" premieres on January 9, 2012, Monday to Friday at 10.30 pm on Colors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11407153", "title": "More snow ahead in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: With continuous rain and snowfall for the second day, Himachal Pradesh is freezing. As local meteorological department has predicted heavy rain and snow in next 36 hours, threat of landslides and avalanches, too, has increased. Tourist heading for exotic snow covered locations of Dharamshala, Manali, Dalhousie and Shimla should take proper precautionary measures before leaving home.Road links to higher snow covered reaches of state have been closed due to heavy snow. Shimla that was bereft of snow during Christmas and New Year is freezing and tourists, who have already reached here are having fun. But local residents are feeling the pinch as water pipes have frozen leading to scarcity of water in town. In Shimla, life almost came to a standstill with snowfall. Walking on the road has become difficult as roads have turned slippery due to frozen ice.While the residents were worried about the supply of water and essential commodities, tourists had a blast at Ridge and Mall Road on Saturday despite extreme cold conditions.\"It is a memorable experience to watch Shimla draped in snow. I have specially come here to enjoy the snow with my family. This is my first visit to the hill station and we are enjoying the cold weather,\" said Lalit, a tourist from Gurgaon.Udaipur town of Lahaul-Spiti has received 6 inches of snow, Bharmour in Chamba has received 1.6 feet of snow, Chamba has received 9 inches of snow while Manali is under 1.6 feet of snow. But those who are planning to head for hill destinations of Himachal Pradesh after snowfall should take some precautionary measures before leaving home as in next 36 hours weather is going to deteriorate further and in case of left stranded before reaching their destination, one should have proper gear to save from spine-chilling cold.While the heavy snowfall is likely to trigger avalanches in the higher reaches especially in the tribal areas of Lahaul-Spiti, Kinnaur beside Pangi-Bharmour region of Chamba, heavy rain are going to trigger landslides in other parts of state.Shimla meteorological centre director Manmohan Singh said state is going to have rain and thunder showers at many places in next 36 hours. He said in the higher reaches snowfall, too, would occur.\"Besides, heavy snow and rain, state is going to witness hailstorm, at isolated places during next 24hrs in the district of Sirmaur, Solan, Bilaspur, Una, Mandi and Shimla,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11408628", "title": "Bal Bharat Srujanotsav at Pilikula from Jan 22", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as the city is gearing up to host 17th National Youth Festival from January 12, Bal Bhavan Society (BBS, Bangalore) has raised the pitch for Bal Bharat Srujanotsav-2012 at Pilikula Nisargadhama near here from January 22. Nearly 3,000 children from across India will take part in the four-day event, where they will be exposed to various creative and science activities, cultural performances and other co-curricular activities.Launching the website of the event -- www.balbharatsrujanotsav.com -- here on Saturday, C C Patil, minister for women and child welfare, said the government will throw its weight behind BBS and the Daskhina Kannada district administration to make the event a success. Patil offered more funds while handing over cheque for Rs 70 lakh on behalf of BBS to DKZP CEO K N Vijayaprakash, who is also the chairman of the organizing committee.BBS chairperson Sulochana Bhat urged Patil and district minister J Krishna Palemar to ensure that basic amenities like roads, water and power supply to Pilikula. \"We are planning to hold a one-day Beach Utsav for young delegates on the Nandagokula concept',\" Sulochana said.Palemar said the CM has promised enough funds for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11403619", "title": "There is no 'war' with the Army: Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari has said his government was not \"at war\" with the powerful Army and the confrontation will \"simmer down,\" remarks that come amid tensions between the executive and the military sparked by a high-octane memo scandal.In his first interview since the military and judiciary began pressuring the government over an alleged memo seeking US help to stave off a feared coup, Zardari rejected the possibility of a clash between various state institutions.\"These are part of evolution. You think this is a fight, I believe this is part of evolution. This fight will evolve and it will simmer down,\" he said in excerpts of the interview aired by Geo news channel.\"We have no war with the court, why should we have a fight with the army?\" Zardari said.Asked about Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani's statement in parliament that had criticised the military for failing to detect Osama bin Laden's presence in Pakistan for several years, Zardari said the premier was pointing the finger of blame at the regime of former military ruler Pervez Musharraf .\"It is not fair for me to do deliberation and he (Gilani) should be asked about (the remarks). He said Osama was here for seven years, he should there should be accountability for that. He was talking about Pervez Musharraf. Why is that being linked to the army?\" Zardari said.The President also defended Gilani on his comments describing the army as a \"state within a state\", contending that he was a \"powerful\" prime minister who had the right to speak out about the problems he or the government may be facing, including differences with any institution.\"He has all the powers, he does not feel (he is) under anybody. If there is some (matter) which is annoying him, he has the right to take a position, and he has taken a position.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-08"}
