{"city": "bijapur", "code": "11419119", "title": "I wanted to become a poet: Karnad", "text": "BIJAPUR: Jnanpith award winner Girish Karnad participated in an interaction with literary personalities and others at BLDE Association's Dr P G Halakatti Research Centre's Chintana Samskrutik Balag on Saturday evening.\"I wanted to become a poet, but ended up writing drama.After that I continued in the drama field. Like that, basically I am not an actor and I act for a living. I chose direction to learn more about film making. Both acting and direction give me my daily bread and butter and also earned me respect,\" the writer said in the interaction session. President of BLDE Association and legislature M B Patil presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418983", "title": "Kafi with Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty electrifies Amdavadi rasikas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A US politician, Gabrielle Giffords , who suffered brain damage last year because of an assassination attempt, is being treated with a potent cure whose side effects include reduction of emotional pain. The medicine being used by American super-specialists is called music. Treatment of this nature was first used after Word War I.But some historians trace the recognition of the full extent of music's remedial power to the 2nd millennium BC. That is when Ayurveda is said to have begun to coalesce around Vedic chants - the fountainhead from which the Hindustani tradition has emerged. Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty is among the maestros who have drunk from that holy wellspring. So when he sings, sound is sanctified by bhakti and can produce the most dramatic curative outcome: purify the soul.For those who want evidence that miracles like the one effected by Pandit Chakraborty on Day 7 of Saptak (Saturday) have indeed taken place, here is one anecdote.Nawab Kalb Ali Khan (1865-1887) of Rampur - now in Uttar Pradesh - was a worshipful disciple of Bahadur Khan, an ustad of sursingar (a precursor of sarod). The nawab's love for his mentor inflamed wild envy in his courtiers. The nawab decided to use music to eliminate the meanness.One day, he ordered the courtiers to report to his durbar at a particular time. Before the session was to begin, he requested Ustad Bahadur Khan to start playing outside the durbar hall. No courtier kept the appointment that day. The ustad's mastery not only froze the courtiers, but also purged their souls.If Ustad Bahadur Khan made the courtiers put off their durbar appearance, Pandit Chakraborty made Amdavadi audience put their lives on hold.At the festival venue - Amrut Mody School of Management - one young neo-rasika gushed: \"Is raat ki subah nahin honi chahiye' (This night should not end!). Panditji elucidated Kafi, a raga not normally associated with the khayal form he presented. But because of his supreme saadhana, Kafi looked as resplendent and proud on khayal as jewellery would on a beautiful bride.\"The thumri alankar creeps in sometimes when Kafi is rendered,\" panditji told TOI. \"So one has to be mindful of the raga's purity.\" Indeed, at one point, panditji glanced at his harmonium player, Paromita Mukerjee, when she inadvertently strayed into thumri territory. She swiftly corrected the course. However, while speaking to TOI, panditji stressed: \"Paromita is one of the best harmonium players in India. And the young vocalist who sang with me, Brajeshwar Mukerjee, is one of my promising students.\"Panditji has of late widened his access to students through a live, online teaching initiative on his Shrutinandan website.As for his Saptak performance, panditji set his own composition to Kafi. He began with the hymnal deliberation of 'Jako man laago' and then roused the sparklier disposition of the raga with 'Batiya banavo nahin bar bar'. In the finale - 'Ja rey koyaliya', panditji annexed every register with regal authority. Kafi expressed its innate shringar ras like a lover's heart: surging at the sight of the beloved; plummeting at the moment of farewell; and soaring again when an embrace is granted.Masters and promising starsThe second baithak featured two renowned masters. Sarod vidhwan Pandit Tejendra Narayan Majumdar elaborated on ragas Kaunsi Kanada and Chandra Nandan. He was accompanied by Pandit Puran Maharaj on tabla. Day 7 began with 24 Saptak students presenting group tabla vadan.Know your ragaKafi: 'Kaali ghodi dwar khadi' from 'Chasm-e-Baddoor' is based on this popular ragaListener's glossarySaadhana: Practising with deep devotional commitment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11418041", "title": "Hear the voice of the marginalized", "text": "BANGALORE: If you have not tuned into 90.4 MHZ, then do so. In today's life, when the voices of marginalized communities are lost in the hustle-bustle of the city, this radio station provides an opportunity for these secluded communities to express themselves. Imparting the real meaning of broadcast media, the channel brings fourth the voices that are heard the least. Sex workers, transgenders, rag-pickers, auto drivers, physically disabled, slum-dwellers and HIV positive persons, all are part of this community radio station called Radio Active.Licensed to the Jain University, the radio station is one of its kind in Bangalore that is providing unmatched opportunities to the marginalized. \"Radio Active is a Government of India initiative that came into being on June 25, 2007 in the city. The station acts as a wonderful platform for those who are excluded from the society,\" says Pinky Chandra, director, Radio Active, CR 90.4MHZ.Priyanka R, a pansexual, is one of the Radio Jockeys. She joined the radio station a year ago and says that her life has flipped after getting this platform. \"I was a sex worker and a beggar before coming here. It's a wonderful platform. I host two programmes. I want to make my listeners aware about various issues we face,\" says Priyanka.She enjoys the full-time job. \"I have a different and respectable life now. People who looked down upon me, respect me today,\" says Priyanka.For 32-year-old HIV positive Poornima (name changed), life was a living hell after she was detected with it. She was isolated till she spotted Radio Active. \"It's a different world all together. I am no more an untouchable. I got an opportunity to talk my mind after years of silence. I work as RJ for a programme that listens to unheard voices. And being one of them, I connect to them easily and try to pull them out of the darkness. I want to reinforce the fact that even HIV positive people should be treated like human beings,\" says Poornima.Radio Active covers a 15-km radius and runs for 24 hours. The station with as many as 10 programmes on daily basis, runs folk songs or community songs as well, very much on the lines of commercial radio stations.Radio Active has yet another special RJ, rag-picker Sujata. She does secondary waste segregation for the Jain University campus at Palace Road and feels that waste picking is a noble job. Sujata, airing a programme called 'Active Women', also believes in women empowerment and desires to impart the message through her new profession. \"Rag-pickers have an important contribution to make. It's a noble profession and should not be looked down upon. It has the potential to provide employment to women like me, who are sitting idle at homes,\" says Sujata.There are special RJs like Jaydeva M (visually impaired), Manjula S (slum-dweller) and Nagina ( sex-worker).The station has brought them into action after providing them RJ training. \"They are taught to develop content, handle computers, edit the text, handle camera, write reports and make videos. The only area that is left unedited is their language. They are free to talk in any language they wish to. And the transformation in their personalities becomes unbelievable after some time. Some of them have also shared national platform representing their communities,\" says Pinky.QUOTEThe station acts as a wonderful platform for those who are excluded from the society. It's a station by these communities, for these communities and of these communities.''__ Pinky Chandra, director, Radio Active", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423438", "title": "Vishal Shekhar\u2019s Dubai concert", "text": "Dubai seems to be becoming a favourite with Bollywood, what with all the A-listers heading their regularly for their movie premieres and their holidays.And now, Bollywood music composers are heading to Dubai for a concert that will take place on February 3 at the Madinat Arena.Their concert is titled Rock Sako To Rock Lo will probably feature many of the duo's popular recent music including songs from \" The Dirty Picture\", \" Ra.One\" as well as \"Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11420734", "title": "Dhananjay Munde likely to face disciplinary action", "text": "MUMBAI: MLC Dhananjay Munde, nephew of senior BJP leader Gopinath Munde, is likely to face disciplinary action for violating the party whip at the recently concluded municipal council poll in Marathwada region.\"Disciplinary Committee of the party is inquiring into the matter. The report will come to me within eight days. If he (Dhananjay) is found guilty, action will be taken against him,\" Maharashtra unit BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar said on the sidelines of the party executive meeting here.Gopinath Munde was humbled on his home turf in Beed district when the nominee fielded by his nephew trounced the candidate fielded by the former deputy chief minister.Deepak Deshmukh, backed by Dhananjay, won the election held last month to the chairmanship of Parli municipal council in Marathwada region.While Deshmukh polled 26 votes, Jugal Kishore Lohia, a Gopinath Munde loyalist and BJP's official nominee, polled only six.Maharashtra BJP had issued a whip to all party councillors to vote for Lohia.The 32-member Parli municipal council has 17 BJP members, while the Congress-NCP's combined tally is 14, and one member is independent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418299", "title": "Child\u2019s welfare key concern in disputes: Jurists", "text": "CHENNAI: While deciding family disputes, the best interest of the child alone should be given prime importance, felt two women judges of the Madras high court here on Sunday. They were participating in discussions at the National Conference of the All India Federation of Women Lawyers (AIFWL).While Justice Chitra Venkataraman recommended the need for lawyers to prepare clients for the litigation itself in cases of family disputes, Justice Vimala stressed on the importance of individuals going in for pre-marital counselling.\"Both judges also said that when a child is taken in for giving evidence on family matters, the child should not be bombarded with questions as is done with a chief and cross examination, but be enquired politely,\" said advocate Adhilakshmi Logamurthy.\"Mediation is often the best way to resolve some of the most challenging problems in family disputes. The mediator should seek the best interest of the child in such cases,\" said advocate Baby Lathika, member, Child Welfare Committee of Kannur district in Kerala. She practices at the district and sessions court, Thalassery.Her colleague, Alice Krishnan, who practices in Kasaragode district of Kerala, said there was an inherent need for training of district judges, counsellors and protection officers to sensitise them to the issues involved in family disputes.\"Consideration for women and children should be the prime criterion for appointing judges to the family court. Since judges are transferred from other district courts to family courts, they should be given training and proper guidelines so that they can understand the intention of the legislation while passing orders,\" she said.The delegates resolved to work on the urgent need for the country to develop a law on surrogacy and for it to be enacted after wide consultations with women's groups working on the issue. A resolution was also adopted to develop a legislation to tackle the problems of honour killings in India.\"The AIFWL will study the draft framed by the Law Commission on the Bill and send in its comments. We chose themes for the conference based on the burning issues. Though surrogacy and honour killings are hot trends today, there are no laws governing them,\" said Amee Yajnik, vice-president, AIFWL, a senior lawyer from the Gujarat high court.Dr V Shanta, chairman, Cancer Institute, Adyar, Ruth Manorama, president, National Alliance of Women and Vanitha Mohan, managing trustee, Siru Thuli were recipients of the social activism award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11419137", "title": "Vintage car rally mesmerizes people in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: A motorcade of classic cars of yesteryears, organized jointly by the transport department and the district administration on the occasion of National Safety Week in Belgaum on Sunday, held onlookers and car enthusiasts enthralled. About 27 models of vintage cars were part of the rally. The high point of the rally was a red Impala Car made in 1962 and which Amitabh Bachchan used in his cult movie Don. The present owner of the car, Jaisingpur-based industrialist Sanjay Ghodavat has also brought his 1964-model of Minimoris to the rally.Both the cars will be exhibited in the two-day vintage car expo held as part of the safety week in the district. Rajya Sabha member Prabhakar Kore and Sadalaga-Chikkodi MLA Prakash Hukkeri participated in the rally with their 1934-model Ford and 1972 model Caddilack respectively. The rally, which began from RTO office returned to the venue after passing through the central bus stand, old PB Road, Mahadwar Road, SPM Road, Goaves, Millennium Garden, Ist Railway Gate and Gogte Circle. Car owners from neighbouring states including Goa and Maharashtra participated in the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417594", "title": "Congress reaches out to Mamatan Banerjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's attack, Congress today reached out to its ally saying there was need for \"better communication\" with Trinamool Congress and the two could re-build trust by ironing out \"disagreements\" within closed doors.Discounting the possibility of Banerjee parting ways with Congress, senior party leader and Union Minister Salman Khurshid said there was no need to read too much into Banerjee's statement that Congress was free to walk out of the ruling alliance in West Bengal.\"I don't think we should read too much into these things. I would certainly imagine if we can avoid them, good. Even if our disagreement we can put them across in closed doors.... I hope something like this will be worked out,\" he said here.He said there will be sometimes a mismatch in (Banerjee's) expectations and mismatch in the Congress' responses \"and sometimes a mismatch in answering to our constituencies.\"\"I am sure that Mamataji also has expectations from people who voted for her to change the ruling establishment in Bengal after such a long time. But again we are a national party and we have a lot of expectations that go beyond the concerns of only one state,\" he said.Khurshid asserted, \"We all understand her concerns and I am sure that she also understands our compulsions. I think its just need for better communications and there isn't lack of ability on both sides to be able to communicate. I am not going to believe that they can tempt her, any person like her into their fold,\" he said.Congress-Trinamool Congress ties have been strained with the Congress' state unit vociferously protesting against Banerjee's party. The latest issue involves the state government's move to rename Indira Bhavan in Kolkata which has been strongly opposed by the Congress leading to a confrontation between the two allies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418085", "title": "Medical students must serve govt for a year to get certs\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: If the state has its way, medicine students will have to be in government service for a year before they receive their qualifying degrees.In a bid to have enough number of qualified doctors in government hospitals, which is forever short of staff, the state's medical education department plans to introduce changes in the existing laws that will compel students clearing their undergraduate (UG), post-graduate (PG) and super-specialty courses to work in a government institution before they get their degrees.The proposal says the state government will issue only their mark sheets after the students complete their courses and their certificates will be handed over to them only after they complete the \"compulsory government service\". Before that, they will be offered only provisional registration with the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC); doctors are supposed to have permanent MMC registration to practise.If the proposal is cleared, amendments to this effect will be made in the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences Act as well as in the Maharashtra Medical Council Act. \"We do not get enough number of doctors in government hospitals. If the new system is introduced, we will get around 3,000 qualified doctors at UG, PG and super-specialty level every year,\" said a government official. \"Several students exempt themselves from government services by re-paying the bond money. To curb the practice, the state has increased the bond amount, which will be applicable for the current batch, passing out.\" Minister for medical education Vijaykumar Gavit was unavailable for comment. Pravin Shingare, in-charge, director, Directorate of Medical Education and Research, confirmed that such a proposal was being considered. The idea was initially mooted by public health minister Suresh Shetty.Under the current rule, students can either join government service for a year or pay a bond to exempt themselves from the service. The bond amount for UG students is Rs 10 lakh, for PG students Rs 50 lakh and for super-specialty students Rs 2 crore. Officials from medical colleges claim that several students even get away by neither working in government hospitals for a year nor paying the bond amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424667", "title": "Clooney to tackle Nazis in new movie", "text": "George Clooney is set to take on the Nazis in his latest movie.The 'Ides of March' star is working on the screenplay for a big screen adaptation of Robert M. Edse's book 'The Monuments Men: Allied Heroes, Nazi Thieves, and the Greatest Treasure Hunt in History' which follows a special force of US and British museum directors, curators and art historians who risked their lives scouring Europe for art stolen by the Nazis.He said: \"We're working on the screenplay right now. I'm really interested in telling the story of how these very unlikely heroes went miles deep into a mine and found all the art and returned it.\"It's a fun movie because it could be big entertainment. It's a big budget, you can't do it small - it's landing in Normandy.\"However, George - who will write, direct and star in the film - reveled the notorious dictator Adolf Hitler will not be making an appearance in the movie.He said: \"Who wants to see Hitler. And who really wants to play Hitler?\"George is working with his producing partner Grant Heslov on the film and said he is looking forward to working on the big budget picture for Sony.He explained to The Wrap: \"I'm not opposed to doing a commercial film, I'm just opposed to doing a commercial film that doesn't feel organic to me. So if we're going to do a commercial film we thought, 'Let's do something that seems fun and actually have something to say.'\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "11423623", "title": "Team Anna meets sans Anna Hazare to decide on future course.", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Amid \"confusion\" on how to take the movement forward, Team Anna's Core Committee met here on Monday sans ailing Anna Hazare to decide on their future strategy.This is the first meeting of the team after Anna Hazare called off his agitation programmes for a strong Lokpal last month.Arvind Kejriwal , Prashant Bhushan, Kiran Bedi and other members attended the deliberations during which they discussed the future course of action, including the mode of campaign during the elections to the five states.Hazare did not attend the meeting as he was not keeping well. Doctors had advised him not to undertake any tour for at least a month due to his health conditions.The poor public response to Hazare's agitation in Mumbai and Delhi in the last week of December and taunts from Congress on its anti-Congress plank appear to be weighing heavily on the minds of Team Anna.Team Anna members said the meeting was meant to discuss the mode of campaigning in other five states as well suggestions received from public on how to take forward the movement.The meeting also comes against the backdrop of an article written by Kejriwal which suggested that Team Anna appeared to be confused on how to take forward the fight for a strong Lokpal, saying the movement is at \"crossroads\" and a wrong decision at this stage can prove disastrous for it.He had then sought suggestions from the public to take forward the campaign.Team Anna members said they will also deliberate on its anti-Congress line vociferously taken during its campaigns earlier as it was been accused of being pro-BJP.However, the induction of former BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha, who is accused of corruption, in the BJP, has put Team Anna on the wrong foot as Congress stepped up its attack against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11419422", "title": "Sweatworking: Biz meets in gym is the latest fad", "text": "LONDON: Forget networking. Get ready for sweatworking! Yes, the United States concept of networking while working out is gradually becoming a fad in Britain with more and more executives preferring to conduct business meetings in the gym.The US media earlier reported that business people are taking clients to gym instead of entertaining them with drinks and meals out. Spinning classes are now popular in America as participants can exercise at their own pace. Now, British health clubs, already equipped with cafes and internet access, say they are witnessing a similar trend, 'The Independent' reported.According to David Petersen, regional manager for Fitness First's London clubs, customers take business associates along to personal training sessions. One member even conducted a job interview at the gym.Fitness First will soon launch a structured breakfast networking meeting at one central London club. After making introductions, attendees will do a spinning class before heading to the juice bar for more networking. If successful, the idea could be introduced in the chain's other gyms.The rival gym firm LA Fitness says that it has already responded to demand from companies for free guest passes by including them in corporate packages, demand for which increased 60% last year.Peter Harrington, LA Fitness's sales director, said guest passes mean companies can give clients the option to swap the traditional \"boozy lunch\" for the gym. \"As people meet friends and partners at gyms, extending that to professional networks was a natural progression,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "citizen enclave", "code": "11417865", "title": "On a roll, Harshveer gathers medals", "text": "CITIZEN ENCLAVE: Skater Harshveer Singh Sekhon is proving that his feet are literally on wheels. At a national school skating meet held in New Delhi recently, he won a silver and bronze medal. Although a little disappointed that he couldn't clinch the gold, 14-year-old Harshveer won silver in three kilometre road race and bronze in 1,000 metre rink race.\"It was a great exposure for me since there were skaters from different states,\" he said. A resident of Citizen Enclave, Harshveer said he started practising in 2008. \"Whenever I saw someone skating I would long to learn too, so I discussed with my parents and they supported me. But, when I started practising it was very hard for me. I practice three hours every day and in time I learned the technique of balancing,\" he said.In 2011, he won three gold medals in state and district level skating competitions. Now, Harshveer is focusing on open national skating championship to be held in Bangalore at the end of January. \"My only aim is to represent the country in major international skating championships,'' he said.A student of Class VIII in DAV School, BRS Nagar, Harshveer said he feels the game is not promoted by the sport authorities and state government because of which skaters are not able to rise up to their full potential.His father Baljeet Singh Sekhon is very hopeful of Harshveer's success in skating. \"He works hard on his acts and is doing well in the under-14 category. I am certain he will reach the international rink and make us proud,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11419206", "title": "Trains to be delayed on January 10, 14", "text": "MANGALORE: Train traffic will be regulated on January 10 and 14 due to maintenance work between Shornur junction and Karakkad railway stations.A Southern Railway press release here stated train 16650 Thiruvananthapuram-Mangalore Parasuram express will be delayed by 60 minutes between Thrissur and Shoranur junction, train 16107 Chennai Egmore -Mangalore Express will be delayed by 85 minutes between Palakkad junction and Shoranur junction, train 12617 Ernakulam junction-Nizamuddin express will be delayed by 25 minutes at Shoranur junction, train 16108 Mangalore-Chennai Egmore express will be delayed by 125 minutes between Kozhikode and Shoranur junction, and train 16605 Mangalore-Nagarcoil express is will be delayed by 125 minutes between Kozhikode and Shoranur junction.Likewise train 13351 Dhanbad-Alapuzha express will run delayed for 30 minutes between Shoranur junction and Palakkad junction; train 12217, Kochuveli-Chandigarh express will be delayed for five minutes on January 14 at Shoranur junction. Train 12201 Lokmanya Tilak-Kochuveli Garib Rath express will run delayed for 65 minutes between Kozhikode and Shoranur junction on January 14, train 12997 Tirunelveli-Hapa express will be delayed by five minutes at Shoranur junction on January 10. Train 12201 Lokmanya Tilak-Kochuveli Garib Rath express will be delayed by 65 minutes between Kozhikode and Shoranur Junction on January 10. Train 12075 Kozhikode-Thiruvananthapuram express will be delayed for 10 minutes at Karakkad for crossing of train 16650.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422387", "title": "Karikalan stalled?", "text": "Problems for Vikram's Karikalan seem to have multiplied.As Chennai Times had earlier reported, K S Rajasekaran, aka, Nagaraj sent a notice to the team alleging that the film's story and title were his. A civil court in the city has now ordered an interim stay on Karikalan's filming and has sought explanation.The team will have to answer Rajashekaran's allegations on January 12 in the court. Rajashekaran, a television music composer, had claimed that he wanted to make a film on Karikalan Cholan with a contemporary take, but it didn't materialize due to financial constraints.He had even registered the title Karikalan with the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce in 1996. L I Kannan, director of Karikalan, says, \"I was not in the city when the notice was issued. I am yet to meet the producer and discuss with our lawyer in this regard.\" A source close to Vikram says, \"Vikram is busy shooting in Delhi. He will be back on the January 20. Therefore, the notice has not reached him as yet. The actor has nothing to do with the story or its copyrights. He doesn't want to get involved and would want the film's makers to sort the issue out.\"The petitioner maintains that he had the \"pre-emptive rights to the title and the story\" of the film and has allegedly requested a ban on the filming of Karikalan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423738", "title": "Kavita Seth works on her own terms in Bollywood!", "text": "Her soulful rendition of numbers like Mujhe Mat Roko in Gangster, the chart-topping Gunja Sa Koi Iktara in Wake Up Sid and Mora Piya in Raajneeti have helped Kavita Seth carve out her own niche in the film industry, but the versatile singer says that she is in no rush to say 'yes' to whatever film songs come her way.\"In Bollywood , I have always been very choosy and worked on my own terms. There was a three year period when I wasn't offered any good work in Bollywood. There were people who would come and tell me that my voice was suitable only for folk songs. I remember receiving strange requests like, 'Aap koi double-meaning Bhojpuri song gaa do' during that phase. But I was determined to do only quality work. For me, the poetry has to be good for saying 'yes' to a song. I won't be comfortable singing some vulgar lyrics and gaining popularity in the process,\" says Seth.She adds, \"I have enjoyed my live performances a lot, and Sufi music albums have given me immense creative satisfaction. It's heartening to see that Sufi songs are gaining popularity in Bollywood. I just hope that they are not diluted in any manner. A music director has to understand the subject thoroughly to do justice to such songs. There's a certain purity associated with the form and it's not as if merely putting in words like 'Allah' and 'Maula' will make it a good Sufi number.\"Talking of her upcoming projects, she says, \"I have sung a couple of lovely songs for this Hollywood film Trishna, which has Freida Pinto playing the lead. It was nice to work with Amit Trivedi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11419002", "title": "Booked for minor\u2019s rape, youth targets victim\u2019s sister", "text": "BHOPAL: A person, who was earlier booked for raping a minor a year ago, has now been charged with outraging modesty of her elder sister.The incident was reported in the Gandhi Nagar police station of the city. The accused, Sonu, 25, abducted 18-year-old daughter of Gaffar around six months back. The accused allegedly stayed with girl at different locations in Bhopal and Raisen all these months and had also promised to marry her. However, the girl managed to return to her parents' place in Gandhi Nagar and subsequently, a complaint under sections of abduction and rape was registered against him.The police said the same person had targeted the minor sister of the victim around a year back. A case in this case is pending with the Nishatpura police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11419134", "title": "MGM junior docs call for indefinite stir from Jan 12", "text": "INDORE: The junior doctors have again given a call for strike protesting against the government's inaction on promises made to them.They are dissatisfied with the government for not dropping the charges against the junior doctors, who were booked by the police a month ago and are unhappy with the paltry hike in their stipend.The junior doctors of Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Medical College said that they would resort to total strike from Thursday to press for their demands.The Junior Doctors Association (JUDA) has written to the chief minister stating that government has not kept its promises. A similar letter was faxed to the dean, Mahatma Gandhi Medical College, which is attached to the MY Hospital.Dr Manoj Gupta, vice-president, JUDA, said, \"We have given three days time to the government to revoke the charges framed against the doctors and review the stipend hike.\"The government has recently given a rise of Rs 1,000 to Rs 3,000 to the doctors after doctors went on strike a month ago. \"Before calling off the strike earlier, the chief minister has promised to give a significant hike. But the insignificant hike has left the doctors unhappy, Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11417864", "title": "Western disturbances behind surprise snow, say experts", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Snowfall in low altitude areas on Saturday shocked residents of many areas, even as towns in this hill state, bordering Punjab, also received substantial quantity of snow.Scientists here elucidated that this has occurred due to western disturbances. Winds travelling from Israel to north east India have resulted in snow fury in Himachal, they said.Analysts cautioned the residents of this hill state to take care of newly-born kids, milch animals and calves in the coming days, predicting that as these winds pass through Himachal, the weather will get chilliest.\"Milk giving animals need much care after this phase of snowing. They might start giving less milk in days ahead. The frosty weather, after these wintery winds pass, is not good for newly borns and dairy animals and thus they need much care,\" said Dr Rajendar Prasad, a senior met scientist at agricultural university at Palampur.However, weathermen have also predicted clear sky after 36 hours, which will generate biting cold.Elaborating on western winds, an environmental scientist from IIT Kanpur, Krishnendu Haldar, said that western disturbances is a rain bearing system having its origin in the Mediterranean sea.\"It travels all the way from there to India, passing through Israel, Jordan , Syria , Iraq , Iran, Afghanistan and finally reaches east India,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418101", "title": "Demand to rename Nagpur as Deekshapur", "text": "NAGPUR: After the success of Indu Mills agitation in Mumbai for constructing a memorial of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, now a social organization Youth Force in Nagpur has come out with a demand to rename the historical city of Nagpur as Deekshapur.Speaking to media persons, founder of the organization, Mikky Bakshi said Deekshabhoomi is a sacred Buddhist monument, it's here that Babasaheb Ambedkar converted to Buddhism along with his over 3,80,000 followers on October 14, 1956. His conversion is guidance for the masses not only in Nagpur but across the country, said Bakshi.\"Since then it has become a pilgrimage centre of Buddhism in the country. Thousands of pilgrims visit Deekshabhoomi every year, especially on Vijaya Dashmi and on October 14,\" he said.Justifying his demand, Bakshi explained, \"When Madras can be rechristened as Chennai, Bombay as Mumbai, Calcutta as Kolkata and Bangalore as Bangaluru, then the state government should also consider our demand.\"The move , ahead of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation polls, indulged to appeal a sizeable Dalit voters particularly in north Nagpur, where he resides. Bakshi, however, ruled out it as a stunt ahead of the civic polls. He said that he would also launch an agitation soon.Meanwhile, the organization is also planning to contest civic polls from north Nagpur, said Bakshi. He, however, clarified that candidates with good contact with people, non-corrupt and literate will be given preference. The interview will be carried out on January 9 and 10, he added.Recently the YF had launched an agitation to rename Chambar Nullah as north canal. The organization has justified their move stating that keeping the name of a nullah behind one community is objectionable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417569", "title": "Aero show: Sukhoi set for Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Short-range passenger aircraft Sukhoi SuperJet 100 (SSJ 100), a corporate jet from France and a host of other aircraft, choppers and beechcraft will enthrall people at the third edition of India Aviation-2012 to be held at the Begumpet airport between March 14 and 18.The last two days of the expo would be open for public. However, this time there would be no aerobatics in the wake of the accident that killed two Navy pilots in 2010. The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry (Ficci), Delhi, is organising the exhibition and aviation companies from across the world would display their flying machines during the five-day exhibition.\"The United Aircraft Corporation has agreed to put Sukhoi SuperJet-100, designed to carry 98 passengers, on display at the expo. The SuperJet will land on March 17 and will fly out the next day,\" Ficci assistant secretary general (exhibition &amp; trades) Vinay Shanka Mathur told TOI on phone.France-based Airbus would unveil its 156-passenger capacity corporate jet, A 319. It is a slightly smaller version of Airbus-320 cornerstone single-aisle jetliner, he added.Leading aeronautics firm Piaggio Aero Industries Spa would send its product, P 180 Avanti II, the fastest and most advanced executive/multi-utility turboprop in the world, he added.Other international and national aviation companies including Bombardier, Canada (CRJ Jets), Dassault Aviation , France, ( Falcon ), Embraer, Brazil (Exectuive Jets-Phenom 100, 300 and Legacy 650,) Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, US, Hawker Beechcraft, US (Hawker 900, King Air 350 and Hawker 4,000), Hindustan Aeronautics Limited and National Aerospace Laboratories, Bangalore (Hansa, NM5 and Saras) have also confirmed their participation, the Ficci official said.This year, UK would be the 'Partner Country', France 'Focus Country' and the US as the 'Guest Country'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419429", "title": "Evaluation work at GBTU exam centres in doldrums", "text": "LUCKNOW: It seems that the evaluation process in various examination centres of Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU) is in trouble. Reason : Teachers involved in evaluation of answer sheets complain that they have not been relieved yet from their respective colleges.The evaluation process of odd semester examinations started from January 5 and will continue till January 15. The university after getting complaints from teachers, has instructed the colleges to relieve the faculty members so that timely and fair evaluation can be done.Talking to TOI, GBTU's additional controller of examination (COE), Vikram Singh said: \"There were complaints that many colleges are not relieving their teachers to evaluate answer books. We have already instructed the colleges to help us in completing evaluation work within the stipulated time.''He, however , denied any possibility of delay in results. Additional COE further has informed that nearly 4,000 teachers from different colleges of the state are involved in the evaluation process . And since the data of the number of teachers who have been singled out for the evaluation process is online, it keeps in maintaining transparency . \"We first select teachers from different college's subject wise. Accordingly , we prepare the duty list and allot the centres to them. Moreover, evaluation is part of a teachers' job,'' said Singh.Besides, teachers too feel that evaluation work is a remunerative exercise. `` It's winter holidays going in the colleges. There is no scope for academics to suffer. Evaluation work help us in making extra money in free time,'' said a teacher. However, teachers lament that their colleges at the time of evaluation create hurdles in not taking up the evaluation work. A teacher recalled that last year, it was the employees strike that delayed the examination and subsequently, the results by nearly 15 days. \"The colleges need to understand the importance of timely and fair evaluation so that students do not suffer,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "raiganj", "code": "11419022", "title": "TMC man to head Raiganj college", "text": "RAIGANJ: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had earlier described the attack on Raiganj College principal Dilip De Sarkar as unfortunate and termed it a \"joint CPM-Congress conspiracy\". She had alleged that Trinamool Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) activists had been caught in a trap. \"Congress had laid a trap for the last four days,\" she had said.Mamata hadn't spared the college administration either. \"The college authorities didn't act impartially. Trinamool leaders had gone to rescue the TMCP supporters. The officer in charge (OC) also didn't act. We have removed the OC ,\" she had said.But despite the public posturing, she had sent Madan Mitra to Raiganj to resolve the crisis. De Sarkar's resignation was accepted at an advisory committee meeting of the North Bengal University VC on Sunday.Satrughna Sinha, a senior teacher who had recently joined Trinamool Congress , was named the new teacher in charge replacing De Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422391", "title": "Over 300 films waiting for release!", "text": "Some abandoned, some forgotten, the number of films waiting for a release in K-Town is fast risingThe year 2011 saw around 135 films release in K-Town. If you thought this number was big, the number of pending projects queued up for release is over 300! While some are stuck because there isn't much finance to see their release through, others have their teams abandoning them for newer projects.One such example is director Thirumalairajan, whose directorial debut, 2010 Bhagyaraj, commenced shoot the same year. While the film has a small portion left to shoot, the director has already released a Tamil film in Malaysia. \"My Malaysian movie Zha released recently. 2010 Bhagyaraj, with Premgi in the lead, got delayed owing to production problems and the fact that Premgi sported a new look for Mankatha.\"Thankar Bachan's four-year-old film Kalavaadiya Pozhudugal, is still waiting for a release. \"I don't see any hopes of the film releasing in the near future, considering there is no response whatsoever from the producers' side. I have no idea as to what is happening on their front. My job and commitment as a filmmaker is done; the rest is their responsibility,\" he says.Krishna Leelai, directed by Selvan with Jeevan and Meghna Raj in the lead, is waiting for a release for three years now. Director Selvan says, \"I went on a fast and submitted an open letter demanding my distributors release the film to no avail. Meanwhile, I have acted in another film as hero.\"Another project that is stuck is Leelai, which has Bollywood face Shiv Pundit in the lead. Director, Andrew Vasanth Louis, had posted on his site that he was hopeful that the film would release in December 2011, \"after all the hardship, insult and discouragement\". The Jai-Poorna starrer, Arjunanin Kadhali, directed by Parthy Baskar, has been stuck abruptly with portions left to be shot.Although, Jai maintains, \"I've finished shooting my portions for the film long back. I'm doubtful if the film will be completed, let alone see a release.\" No wonder, he's already moved on to many new projects. A source says, \"A film like Sadurangam released last year after being in the cans for over five years.There are many reasons that stall projects midway. We cannot write these projects off. Though, it may take up to years for them to be revived.\" Will these films ever see the light of day? And what happens to the amounts invested by producers? Will they ever recover their money? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417489", "title": "Have fond memories of DU? Pen your thoughts and get popular", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you have fond memories of your days in Delhi University , it's time to pen them down. DU is now giving an opportunity to its alumni as well as existing students to share their experiences and memories of the time they spent on campus.This initiative of DU of reaching out to its students is aimed at learning about its drawbacks and high points, and also to seek suggestions. While the university has already received a number of thoughts from old as well as existing students, the second round of this exercise is likely to begin in February.\"We initiated this programme in December. Former and current students can share what they remember or feel about their alma mater. Their memories would help us know areas where they think we need to improve on,\" said Krishna Mani Pathak, deputy dean, students' welfare.Students - old and existing - are free to narrate a real story or a memorable incidence. \"Their suggestions will also contribute towards promoting academic excellence,\" he said. The first round of 'sharing memories' wrapped up on December 31 with entries pouring in from the country as well as abroad.The office of the dean, students' welfare, will scan these entries to choose the best ones. \"DU has received 70 entries in the first round. The DSW office shall constitute a committee to go through these entries. Though all the contributors will be acknowledged, the best entries are likely to be shared on University of Delhi page on Facebook,\" Pathak said.DU officials are confident this exercise will become hugely popular with DU alumni and existing students. \"We have posted a link called 'Share Your Memories' on this page,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11418817", "title": "Antiques smuggled through Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: The state police on Saturday stumbled upon an antique smuggling racket while tracking a resident of Canning's Jibantala. The arrest unravelled a network of international antiquity smugglers that smuggles priceless objects out of India to Bangladesh and Myanmar through the Sunderbans.The Canning police retrieved a priceless Buddha bust which was being smuggled out from the city. Eleven people were arrested.The antiquities are carried in fishing trawlers through riverine routes of the Sunderbans. \"Along the riverine international border in the Sunderbans, it is not too difficult for Indian fishermen to mingle with Bangladeshi fishermen. Even pirates from Myanmar come to this region and abduct people. And things can exchange hands here quite freely,\" said an investigator.Sunderbans Coastal Police first got a hint of such smuggling racket in May 2010, when they recovered a two-and-half-foot Buddha bust. Since then, they have been regularly conducting raids and interrogating fishermen to unearth the racket. Finally, police came to know of Aslam Sheikh, a resident of Canning's Jibantala who was a part of this smuggling racket.Only a few days ago, Aslam had been kept confined by a gang at a Park Circus hideout. He had a tiff with them over the price of the Buddha bust.Canning police, along with their counterparts from Beniapukur, raided the hideout and arrested 11 persons, including Aslam. Police said Aslam has been an active member of the smuggling racket for quite some time. He used to keep in touch with antique agents in Bangladesh and Myanmar over the phone and smuggle out the antiquities through a specific group of fishermen. They would hand over the items to some vessel and took the money. Aslam would receive the money from them and pay the commission to the fishermen, said an officer.\"This is a revelation for us. While we focus only the land border, much of the smuggling happens through the Sunderbans. Since surveillance is difficult in this vast and inaccessible area, the smugglers almost have a free run here,\" said a police officer.Police are now carrying simultaneous raids on all the hideouts of Aslam. The antiquities will be verified by the Archeological Survey of India to ascertain their age and probable place from where it could have been stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "11418792", "title": "Women voters outnumber men in Puducherry", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: In 29 of the 30 constituencies in Puducherry, women outnumber men voters and there are 30,000 more women voters than men in the entire territory.Of the 8,25,058 voters in Puducherry, there are 4,27,957 women voters and 3,97,094 men voters and seven others after the special summary revision of electoral rolls 2012, said a release from the elections department.Only in Lawspet constituency, there are more men voters than women - men 12,245 and women 12,126. Lawspet is also the smallest constituency in Puducherry with just 24,372 voters.Identity cards for eligible enrolled voters will be issued in polling stations except for voters aged between 18 and 19 years. The release also said a special campaign to enroll eligible electors aged 18 and 19 years will be conducted from January 5 to January 15 and appealed to the voters in the age group to include their names in the voters' list. The voters who enroll their names in the voters' list will be issued identity cards during the national voters' day celebration on January 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422964", "title": "When SRK, Salman and Aamir Khan avoided each other", "text": "On Saturday evening, Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Aamir Khan came under the same roof but at different intervals.Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Aamir Khan in the same space... that's some news, isn't it? Of course not together for any film but at an event. It took the Mumbai police to get the three warring Khans of Bollywood come under the same roof but, like their film releases, they came in different time intervals.On Saturday evening, the three Khans were seen at the Umang Police Function though they never shared stage-space. Perfectionist Aamir Khan was the early bird who performed on 3 Idiots song Aal izz Well .Salman Khan was undoubtedly the scene-stealer being his usual self on the stage and indulging in some smart repartees with host Manish Paul. Being a police event, he admitted how he loved playing a cop in several films with Dabangg topping the list. Buzz is that Salman came in his chopper directly from the Bigg Boss finale that happened earlier that evening.Shah Rukh Khan made a late entry by 11:30pm and played cocky with the cops. He was gracious enough to say that while Don ko gyarah mulko ki police dhoond rahi hain , only Mumbai police is capable of catching him.An important point to be noted is that each Khan arrived only after the other had left. None of their timelines overlapped. Perhaps Mumbai police knows how to maintain law and order in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417849", "title": "Lover held for plotting executive\u2019s murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: An export firm executive went missing from her Lajpat Nagar II home and was found murdered in Jharkhand six months ago. Now, her boyfriend has been arrested for allegedly plotting the murder.The Giridih police said Geeta Vaid (32) wanted to settle down with boyfriend Sanjay Surana (35), also an export firm executive. When Surana refused to marry her, Vaid was ready to go to any extent-even resort to black magic and voodoo-to make him change his mind. She ended up walking into a trap set by her boyfriend with the help of his servant Dalip. She was reportedly enticed to visit a tantric in Jharkhand and the servant killed her there.Surana was arrested on Saturday night while Dalip is on the run. \"We arrested Sanjay Surana at Mahipalpur after receiving a tip-off that he would come from Gurgaon via Mahipalpur Road in his Honda Civic car. We laid a trap after the Giridih police pinpointed his role in the murder and a Jharkhand court issued an arrest warrant against him and co-conspirator Dalip. Surana will be handed over to the Jharkhand police and taken to Giridih on transit remand,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma.By the time police caught up with Surana, he had shifted base from Lajpat Nagar to Greater Kailash with the help of a friend. He had also asked Dalip to flee and disposed of his mobile phone, Sharma said. \"Vaid's locket bearing her photo and that of Surana, and her cellphone were found near her body. The photographs and the record of her conversations with the accused acted as clinching evidence,\" said the DCP.Vaid, who worked with Orange Overseas in Lajpat Nagar as a manager, went missing on July 4, 2011. Her body was found in a forest in the Giridih area seven days later. The body was wrapped in a saffron-coloured cloth, along with sindoor, lemon, chillis, black cloth, etc to make it look like a voodoo ritual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417707", "title": "Two held for snatching BPO cab from Munirka", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another incident of street crime that raises questions about the safety of women working night shifts, two men have been arrested for allegedly waylaying the driver and the guard of a Gurgaon BPO cab immediately after they dropped a woman employee at her Munirka residence early on Friday.Police said accused Mohit Tokas, 28, used to be a national-level boxer while his cohort Manish Upadhyay, 23, is an actor who plays the villain in the movie Ghost. Both were reportedly drunk and committed the crime to rob cash for another round of drinks. An unrepentant Manish, though, told reporters on Sunday he had 'enacted' the abduction to draw inspiration from real life for a script.The crime was reported from the infamous Vasant Vihar-RK Puram-Munirka stretch of south Delhi where a cab driver was murdered just a few months ago.\"The two were drunk and needed money for another drink. They hoped to get a car to drive to Gurgaon and buy liquor after failing to find an open wine shop in Delhi. They threatened to kill driver Jogesh Pal an d guard Jaiveer while holding them hostage for over an hour. They broke the law for just a bottle of liquor, where is the question of real life experiments?'' said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma. She, however, denied rumours about the accused being after the woman employee who was dropped last that night in Munirka.The police said they were alerted to the abduction when the company reported its Santro car had been snatched. The accused had sped off after dumping the guard and the driver near the Munirka flyover around 12.30am. The emergency response team intercept the robbed vehicle around 1.30am near the CNG pump in RK Puram.Sharma said while the guard accompanied the woman to her door, the accused accosted the driver and asked him to step out. He locked himself inside the car but the men used the guard as a hostage to get their way. The victims were made to sit in the rear sit, robbed of their petty cash and then dumped at the flyover.While the two were waiting for the rescue team to show up, the accused returned and forced them to sit in the car again. At a CNG pump, they picked up a fight with the attendant over payment and then argued with the police interceptor team that caught them. Police said the accused do not have a history of crime but they are still checking the data of similar incidents in the area.Manish, who plays a villain in the film Ghost, denied he had committed the crime for publicity. \"I am a script writer and need inspiration,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11420816", "title": "Agricultural innovation: Fertile beginning", "text": "The Agricultural Innovation Partnership aims at increasing farm productivity and providing food security in the Indo-Gangetic valley through collaborations between Indian and US universities. Education Times reportsThe Indo-Gangetic valley is home to a large section of India's population that lives on less than Rs 50 per day. Being one of the most fertile regions , it has the potential of providing food security and increasing the prosperity of farmers . The Agricultural Innovation Partnership (AIP), started jointly by India and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) in 2011, focuses on the Indo-Gangetic region. The AIP is a programme aimed at increasing farm productivity through better cropping practices and access to improved technologies and markets.It is a collaborative effort between those Indian and US universities , which are pioneers in agriculture studies and research . Cornell University is the lead university from the US, with the University of Illinois , Ohio State University , University of California - Davis, Tuskegee University and the University of Georgia as partner-universities . On the Indian side, the Benaras Hindu University (BHU) is the lead university, along with state agricultural universities like Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel University of Agriculture &amp; Technology, Meerut, and Rajendra Agricultural University , Pusa Samastipur.\"Trained professionals are needed to manage resources, fine-tune change and deal with the rapidly evolving needs of a country like India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417533", "title": "Mega blocks to hit Harbour line", "text": "MUMBAI: The services on Harbour line will be affected for the next three consecutive Sundays between 11am to 4pm.Moreover, the Kalyan-Thane rail corridor will also be badly hit during this period. Passengers have been requested by the railway authorities to make alternative plans for journeys.\"Urgent maintenance work must be carried out on the tracks and overhead wires must be serviced that is why the mega blocks are being announced in January. We expect passengers to cooperate with the railway authorities,\" said Central Railway (CR) public relations officer V Chandrasekar. \"We want to inform passengers in advance about the schedule for January's mega blocks. Harbour line passengers will be badly hit and need to alter their journey accordingly,\" he added. According to the authorities, there will be a mega block on the Up and Down Harbour line network on the CST-Bandra-Andheri route between 11am and 4pm on January 15.\"Harbour line passengers will be allowed to travel via the Main line (CR) and the Western Railway (WR) network between 10am to 6pm,\" he said.On January 15, there will be another mega block between CST and Kurla station on Harbour line in the Down direction. Services on the Vashi-Belapur-Panvel corridor (Down) will run via the Main line between CST and Kurla.On January 22, the rail corridor between Vashi and Belapur and between Panvel and Nerul will be shut down completely between 10.55am and 3.55pm. Special trains will be run on the CST-Vashi, Belapur-Panvel and Thane-Nerul sections on January 22, a senior CR official said. On January 29, Harbour line services between CST and Bandra, Andheri will once again be shut completely between 11am and 4pm. Also, Harbour line services from Kurla to CST (Up) will be closed for maintenance.Services on the Vashi-Belapur-Panvel (Up) corridor towards CST will run via the Main line between Kurla and CST during the period of the stoppage.Between Kalyan and Thane, the mega blocks will continue for the next three Sundays. On January 15, services on the slow line (Up) will be affected between 11am to 4pm.Trains on slow line (Up) will be diverted on the fast track. During this period, the slow services (Up) will not be available at Thakurli, Kopar, Diva, Mumbra and Kalva stations.Passengers of these stations will be permitted to travel via Dombivli or Thanein Down direction on their valid card/season tickets . On January 22 and 29, the mega block will affect services on the slow line (Down) between Thane and Kalyan and trains will be diverted on the fast track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11419252", "title": "Honour killing: Dalits live in fear of backlash", "text": "MANDYA: Fear has struck the dalits in Abalavadi village, where Suvarna, an upper caste Hindu girl was allegedly killed by her family a month ago for having an affair with a dalit boy. Fear of a backlash from the upper caste Hindus could be still perceived in the dalit colony, where 150 plus dalit families live.Timmappa, brother of Govindaraju, who had an affair with Suvarna said that dalits in the village are still under the shadow of a caste backlash. \"We are in fear of that they will attack us for flaring up Suvarna's murder, which was unknown to the world until a complaint was filed against culprits with police,\" said Timmappa who lodged a complaint.He alleged that the upper caste Hindus were threatening the dalits not to disclose facts about the honour killing. \"They brazenly came into our locality and instructed the dalits on what to say and not say to police,\" he added.However, dalit leaders are seriously suspecting the motive of police officers in bringing the culprits to book. \"It seems police officers are under political pressure to derail the investigation,\" said Krishnamurti, district president of BSP party. But DySp M K Uttappa, who is investigating the case, refuted the charges of the dalit leaders. He said unbiased and impartial investigation is being carried out and truth shall prevail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424459", "title": "I know who is making these threatening calls: Dolly Bindra", "text": "When we spoke to actor Dolly Bindra recently she told us she trued her best to deal with the anonymous caller who tried to not only gave her death threatening calls, but also used abusive language.Shocked with the kind of language the caller used, Dolly even sought help from the cops to ensure legal action was taken against those held culpable for this act. Miffed with what was said to her, Dolly told us, \"When I asked him to reveal his identity, he spoke in an offensive way. I tried my best to retort.I told him, \"What wrong have I don't to you? What's wrong if I speak my mind?' I'm suspicious of a few people who are capable of getting this done, but I wouldn't like to give out any names. I have sought help from the police and I want to them to take punitive actions against those responsible for this,\" Dolly said. When we contacted Additional Commissioner of Police Ram Rao, he said, \"We are trying to find out the person who is responsible for making threatening calls to Dolly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418209", "title": "Nakkeeran editor, AIADMK MLA file cases on each other", "text": "CHENNAI: Zam Bazaar police have registered a first information report against 'Nakkeeran' editor R R Gopal and AIADMK MLA M K Ashok after the attack on the Tamil magazine's office on Saturday.An AIADMK worker from Royapettah lodged a complaint stating that the magazine staff had threatened him when he went to ask them about the allegedly defamatory article published in 'Nakkeeran' about chief minister J Jayalalithaa . Based on his complaint, police filed a case against Gopal under sections 147, 148 (rioting), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace), 505 (statements leading to public mischief) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code on Sunday.Later, the magazine's manager Suresh Kumar lodged a complaint against M K Ashok, party MLA from Velachery constituency. Cases were filed under section 147, 148, 427 (causing damage to the amount of fifty rupees or upwards) and 294b (obscene acts and songs).Meanwhile, tension prevailed in Royapettah for the second day after reports of AIADMK cadres attacking the 'Nakkeeran' office spread. A statement released by Gopal alleged that Metrowater staff tried to disconnect the water supply at 10am on Sunday.He said that at noon another group of AIADMK cadres armed with logs and stones launched a second attack. \"They told residents and shopkeepers to go inside and continued their attack,\" Gopal said in his statement. He exhorted everyone to protest against the curbing of freedom of expression.On Saturday, AIADMK cadres ransacked the Nakkeeran office after the latest issue of the magazine hit the stands. Across Tamil Nadu, ruling party workers staged protests and burnt the copies of the magazine. The party's legal wing filed a petition with the Chennai police commissioner seeking action against the magazine and its editor.DMK organising secretary T K S Elangovan said that attacks on a magazine for publishing an article is like sounding a warning to all media houses. \"They should have taken legal action rather than attacking the office and trying to cut water and power connections. The government itself could have filed a defamation case. This is an attempt to curb freedom of the press,\" said Elangovan.A senior Metrowater official denied any move to cut the water connection in 'Nakkeeran' office. \"The staff usually cut the connection for maintenance. Otherwise, there will be no such move without informing the consumer. If there is a complaint, the concerned person can approach the Metrowater senior officials including the managing director. Necessary action will be taken,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423015", "title": "No issues in exposing: Angad Hasija", "text": "Actor Angad hasija who plays main lead in Zee's Ram Milayi Jodi is quite happy with his new avatar where he has lost 15 kgs The actor has no calms in showing off his well toned bodyas he recently walked the ramp for designer Rohit Verma where he was spotted in bare minimum.\"I am a gym freak and have worked very hard in developing a good body. I have no issues in exposing as long as it is for the right reasons. The feedback has been fantastic and not enough actors on television can dare to bare or flaunt their body unlike film stars.Film stars like Salman Khan and Hrithik Roshan work hard to maintain their body so it's nice to get compliments wherever I go about being one of the few TV actors having a good body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417944", "title": "Speeding car crushes auto, kills driver", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35-year-old auto driver was killed when a speeding Mercedes car rammed his vehicle early on Sunday. The accident took place around 2.15am on Nelson Mandela Marg near the three Vasant Kunj malls. Police said the accused, Harshmeet Marwah, 24, is the son of a south Delhi realtor and was driving drunk.\"Police personnel at a picket across the road helped rush the victim and the occupants of the car to the hospital where the auto driver was declared dead. A medical examination of the accused found him under the influence of alcohol. We have booked him under IPC sections 279 (rash and negligent riding), 304a (causing death due to negligence) and section 185 of Motor Vehicle Act for driving under the influence of alcohol,\" said deputy commissioner of police (south) Chhaya Sharma.Police said the accused and his companions were returning home from an eatery in one of the Vasant Kunj malls. They were driving at a high speed at the time of the accident.\"The car dragged the auto for almost 100 metres before coming to a stop. While airbags saved the occupants of the car from injury, the auto broke into three parts, its engine was flung away and the chassis was completely mangled,\" said a senior police officer.The deceased, Lalit Kumar Ojha, lived in Paharganj and was the breadwinner of his family. He is survived by his wife Raj Lakshmi, an ailing father and two children, one of them barely a month old.The accused, a Green Park resident, has been granted bail. \"We imposed all the strict sections of law relevant to the case and produced him in court. He was, however, released on bail,\" said a senior officer. Police said the accused could not flee the spot as his car's front tyre had burst in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11412426", "title": "I was Hrithik\u2019s choice: Shaurya Chauhan", "text": "Like many other models, Shaurya Chauhan too had dreams of making it to the celluloid. And given her dare-to-bare attitude, that wasn't very difficult.Shaurya, who is perhaps best known for a commercial that saw her pose provocatively with a male model with just a muslin cloth protecting their modesty, is now ready to show that she has arrived in B-town with a role in Hrithik Roshan's Krrish 3.\"It's one of my biggest films so far and I am happy with my role. I am sure audiences will love my look in the film,\" says Shaurya, who essays the female antagonist's role in the film.Apparently, the Roshans were on the lookout for an edgy actor and had approached several senior Bollywood stars before the role was offered to Shaurya. The makers were in talks with Chitrangda Singh who wasn't satisfied with role, while Jacqueline Fernandez had reservations about locking lips with Hrithik. Rockstar girl Nargis Fakhri too turned it down. \"I am aware of all the developments, but I don't want to get into any controversies about who rejected the role,\" she says, adding, \"I was Hrithik's and Rakeshji's choice\".And while her smooch with Hrithik in the film is the talk of town, Shaurya is hesistant to talk about it. \"I can't comment on that at the moment,\" says Shaurya. But what she is more than willing to talk about is her look in the film. \"My look is being styled by Hrithik, who is actively involved in the making of the film. He is on the sets everyday and has watched every scene of mine. He can't shoot now because of his back injury,\" she says. Shaurya's other B-town film, Sabki Bajegi Band, will trace the rise and fall of a supermodel. But the similarity with the film Fashion ends there, assures Shaurya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11419370", "title": "Mush: Didn't know Osama was in Pak", "text": "Pakistan's former military ruler General Pervez Musharraf has said that he is \"100 %\" sure that he had no knowledge about the presence of Osama bin Laden near in Pakistani. He insisted on his innocence and said he was sure about himself that he did not know about Osama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11417852", "title": "Traffic on Delhi-Manali national highway restored after 15 hours", "text": "MANALI: The traffic on Delhi-Manali national highway, blocked following overnight heavy snowfall, has been restored for all types of vehicles. Commuters and tourists had to face difficulties in the absence of transportation facility.Light vehicles are still having difficulties while moving forward on slippery slush roads. Taking advantage of the situation, four wheeler cabs were making good money, ferrying people to and fro the town. Vehicles from outside Himachal, who are not familiar with driving on snow, are facing problems, leading to traffic jams, sources said.All road links to Manali were blocked after snowfall on Saturday morning, but were restored by afternoon. However, another spell of snowfall had again blocked the highways in the evening. Overnight snowfall had solidly blocked roads, but after around 15 hours, snow was removed from national highway to Manali.Manali DSP Shamsher Singh said the highway has been opened up to Manali, but drivers should keep the vehicle within speed limits to avoid serious accidents. He said, \"Slush on the road and snow along roadsides may prove dangerous for vehicles, if not driven carefully. Snow reduces friction between tyre and road up to 90%. Slow driving is the only way to reach destination safely.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417583", "title": "\u2018Pendency of mercy plea isn\u2019t cruelty\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government took 11 years to reject the mercy pleas of three condemned prisoners in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case and five years to decide a similar request by Parliament attack case convict Afzal Guru but it told the Supreme Court that long pendency of such pleas could not be termed as cruel acts that added to the suffering of the person awarded death penalty.\"The pendency of mercy petition cannot be said to be an act of cruelty or an act which adds to the suffering of the prisoner. In fact, it is the pendency of the mercy petition which has given a lease of life to the prisoner, albeit in prison, until a decision is taken on the mercy petition,\" the ministry of home affairs said in an affidavit filed in the apex court on Friday.\"The court cannot prescribe a time limit for the disposal of the mercy petition after itself having found that in public interest, as per the procedure established by law, a convict must be deprived of his right to life,\" the ministry's affidavit filed through advocate T A Khan said in response to a PIL by NGO 'Justice on Trial Trust'.The NGO had alleged that because of absence of policy, framework or guidelines for deciding mercy pleas of condemned prisoners, the government took an unduly long time to either commute the death sentences to life imprisonment or reject the request for mercy.The ministry said the delay in deciding the mercy petition augured well for condemned prisoners. \"Looking at it from the point of view of the prisoner, he would like his mercy petition to be allowed and if it is not allowed immediately, he would like his mercy petition to remain pending as long as possible and certainly not be rejected,\" it said.It said time taken for disposal of mercy petitions depended on the number of such pleas submitted on behalf of the convicted person. But the delay could never be argued as ground for commutation of death penalty by the condemned prisoner before the courts, it added.\"Delay in disposal of mercy petition is not a mitigating circumstance for the commutation of death sentence and also does not reduce the gravity of the crime. The powers of the President (to allow commutation of death sentence to life imprisonment) under Article 72 of the Constitution are discretionary powers which cannot be taken away by any statutory provision and cannot be altered, modified or interfered in any manner whatsoever by any authority,\" the ministry said.\"No time frame can be set up for the President in this regard. Delay by itself does not entitle a person under the sentence of death to demand the quashing of the sentence and converting it into life imprisonment. Besides, no period can be fixed for determining whether the sentence of death has become unexecutable due to delay,\" the ministry said.It said the rate of disposal of mercy petitions by the President during UPA-2 had increased. It said 28 mercy pleas were pending in October 2009 and five more were received between 2009 and 2011.\"After the new government was formed, in September 2009 it was decided to recall the cases pending with the President's secretariat for review in the ministry of home affairs, to assist in expediting a decision by the President of India in each case,\" it said.\"Recalling of the cases was not under a constitutional provision but an administrative decision to ensure fair and equal treatment of all cases and to assist in expediting a decision by the President. Till December 29, 2011, 27 mercy petitions were submitted/re-submitted to the President's secretariat. The President decided one mercy petition in November 2009, 4 in 2010 and 8 in 2011 (till December 29, 2011),\" the ministry said.\"Thus, a total of 13 mercy petitions have been decided by the President since November 2009. As on December 29, 2011, 20 mercy petitions are pending under Article 72 of the Constitution, of which 16 are pending with the President's secretariat and 4 are pending with ministry of home affairs (including 3 new mercy petitions received in 2011),\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11417989", "title": "Storm brought snowflakes to Punjab: Met", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was probably once-in-a-century phenomenon to see a sheet of snow covering several villages in the semi-hilly area of Pathankot district in Punjab. The delightful wonder of nature was witnessed by not only the locals, but several hundreds from nearby towns also rushed to see the freak phenomenon of 'snowfall in Punjab'.The snowfall, which was more prominent on the road to the famous Himachal hill station of Dalhousie on Saturday, gave a life long memory to the residents, besides tourists heading for higher hills.Though the previously unheard-of snowfall in Dharkalan village provided local residents a reason to rejoice, it also prompted cynics and sceptics to announce the dawn of the New Ice Age and Doomsday nearing, while also reiterating that the Mayans' prediction of the world's end on 21.12.2012 would come true.However, weather experts were quick to dispel any doubts by stating that the 'freak snowfall' was not something out-of-the-ordinary and that snow storms in neighbouring Kangra in Himachal Pradesh may have caused some snowflakes to \"drift\" towards Dharkalan village in Pathankot.Speaking to TOI, Shimla metrological department director Manmohan Singh said, \"Such sort of an occurrence can happen when there are storm-like conditions prevailing in the vicinity. Since Pathankot lies next to Kangra, where it snowed heavily on Saturday, some snow may have blown over to Pathankot.\"He said, \"It is not a rare occurrence and may have taken place earlier too, but was not reported and recorded then. Snowfall may again take place in the upper reaches of Himalayas and some parts of Jammu and Kashmir as well as Himachal Pradesh on Sunday. We expect the weather to settle from Monday and it is only in four days' time that we predict western disturbances to again cause snowfall in the region.\"Pathankot-based resident Pawan Dhingra said, \"When I woke up in the morning and saw the white cover of snow, I could not believe my eyes. At first, we thought that it was hailstone on the ground, but when we tried to pick them up; we found out that these were in fact snowflakes. Even my 78-year-old father Hukam Chand Dhingra, who has lived in Pathankot all his life, said that he had never seen snowfall before.\"Balwant Singh Ahluwalia, a resident of Hoshiarpur, said, \"We drove down to Pathankot primarily to witness the snowfall as well as visit my relatives. My children had been pestering me to take them to Himachal Pradesh during their holidays to witness snowfall, so I was more than happy to drive to Pathankot to let them have fun.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417457", "title": "Cocaine worth 40 lakh seized", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week after a Nigerian national was arrested in the city with cocaine, another African has been held and narcotics in his possession seized.Police said the accused, Kelly Williams Mbane (36), is from Lesotho and was carrying 40 gm cocaine worth Rs 40 lakh. He was picked up from Chirag Dilli on a tip-off when he had come to deliver the contraband to a contact.Mbane told police that he came to Mumbai in July last year on a multiple visa. There, he got acquainted with one Ali, who supplied cocaine to pubs and bars. \"Mbane came to Delhi in September and started living with his friend Nabeka James in Chirag Dilli with whom he allegedly started drug peddling in Delhi. He made new acquaintances and started supplying cocaine to high profile clients and rave parties in Delhi and NCR,\" said P S Kushwah, additional DCP (Crime).Elsewhere, a 35-year-old woman was arrested in outer Delhi for carrying 78 gm of smack worth Rs 7.8 lakh, police said on Sunday. Geetanjali was apprehended from Harsh Dev Park, said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna/muzaffarpur", "code": "11417842", "title": "Ex-minister passes away", "text": "PATNA/MUZAFFARPUR: The last rites of former minister Shambhu Sharan Thakur will be performed with state honours at Muzaffarpur on Monday. This was announced by CM Nitish Kumar who condoled the demise of Congress leader in New Delhi on Saturday night. He was 80.Thakur was jail minister in the Abdul Ghafoor ministry. He had also served as chairman of Bihar State Housing Board. He represented the Kanti assembly seat twice.Thakur was also a journalist and teacher. He had taught at RDS College, Muzaffarpur. Family sources said he was undergoing treatment at Metro hospital in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417789", "title": "Patna College all set to celebrate Foundation Day", "text": "PATNA: Patna College, the oldest institution of higher education in Bihar, is all set to celebrate its 150th Foundation Day with great enthusiasm on Monday. The entire campus has been tastefully decorated with all its buildings white washed and illuminated.CM Nitish Kumar will release as many as 150 balloons of different shades symbolizing as many eventful years in the growth and development of this college on the occasion. Bihar assembly Speaker Uday Narain Chaudhary will be the guest of honour and Patna University vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh will preside. All the former VCs of PU, former principals of Patna College and distinguished alumni and teachers of the college are likely to attend the function, said college principal Lalkeshwar Prasad Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424383", "title": "Is 3G connection must for using tablet?", "text": "I own a Dell Vostro 1014 netbook and recently updated it to Windows 7 Professional. However, after installation, I am unable to use Bluetooth on it. I installed whatever drivers I could find, but even after that, the Bluetooth indicator light refuses to come on. Please suggest how to fix this.- Param DinkarWe recommend that you first install all the available updates (including the Service Pack for Windows 7) on your device . This way, any missing drivers and files will be installed or updated. After this, head over to http:// support.dell. com and search drivers for the Vostro 1014 according to the OS. The Vostro 1014 will have all its drivers listed at one place on the website.Here, go to the network category and install drivers for Bluetooth . Also make sure that you re-install all other drivers available for your motherboard - the Bluetooth might depend on one or the other chip component.Once you install the drivers and restart, right click on 'My Computer' and click on properties. In the window that opens, click on 'Device Manager' on the left, you will see a list of devices installed on your netbook. You should see 'Bluetooth Radio' in the list.I am planning to purchase 2 tablets - a Samsung Galaxy Tab and Aakash. Please clarify if a 3G connection is a must for use with a tablet. Also, is the SIM card slot built in, or can we use a 3G USB dongle?- Sandesh G BhivandeA 3G connection is not a requisite for using tablets. All the tablets offer Wi-Fi for connectivity (including the low-cost Aakash tablet that you are planning to purchase). You can use Wi-Fi to access the internet on the tablet, either at home or on the move with a portable Wi-Fi router. Some tablets also offer data connectivity using a SIM card slot.Again, using 3G is not a neccessity, you can use a standard 2G (GPRS/EDGE) data connection . The Samsung Galaxy Tab and a few others even support voice calling. Some tablets have a USB port that can be used to plug in a 3G USB dongle.Tablets like the Acer Iconia W500 run Windows 7 and have a full size USB port, so they support almost all the accessories and dongles that a regular Windows system would. On the few Android tablets that do support 3G USB dongle, settings usually need to be manually entered - a process that requires knowledge of networking terms and other jargon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "11418901", "title": "Majdia college ruckus: Three SFI students held", "text": "NADIA: Three SFI activists were arrested till Sunday for assaulting Sarojendra Nath Kar, the principal of Majdia Sudhir Ranjan Lahiri College in Nadia. The principal had lodged an FIR against five SFI activists on Saturday.Police had arrested one of the accused soon after the incident. On Sunday, two more were taken into custody. The three SFI activists who have been arrested so far are Abhijit Samaddar, Pushpen Sarkar, and Pranab Ghosh. They were produced before Krishnagar subdivisional court and were taken to 14-day judicial custody. \"Three accused have been arrested and the rest will be arrested soon,\" Nadia SP Sabyasachi Raman Mishra said.It was alleged that a group of five students on Saturday went directly to the principal's room and complained that some outsiders had entered the college. They asked for permission to drive away the outsiders. They also raised questions on why the failed students appeared in the college. They got irritated when the principal failed to come up with \"satisfactory\" answer. The argument soon turned into a serious altercation and the students suddenly started to beat up the principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418239", "title": "TATR, Melghat get Rs31 cr for relocation", "text": "NAGPUR: In a big boost for growing number of tigers crying for space, the ministry of environment and forest's 'Project Tiger' division has released over Rs 31 crore for relocating four villages in Tadoba and Melghat.Overall, Rs23.98 crore has been released for Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) to relocate Jamni and Navegaon (Ramdegi) villages in the core area of Tadoba. While Rs2.88 crore were released last month, the balance amount was released a couple of days ago. Relocation of these villages will increase carrying capacity of tigers in Tadoba as more space will be created. Otherwise, space crunch leads the surplus tiger population to move out and involve in conflict with humans.In Jamni and Navegaon, 237 families have accepted option-I and 225 families option-II. In option-I, villagers will be paid Rs10 lakh, while those under option-II will be relocated by the authorities. Navegaon villagers will be resettled near Khadsingi while Jamni villagers in Ambadi near Samudrapur in Wardha district.Earlier, TATR had sent a proposal for Rs45 crore to resettle these two villages. However, an enhancement of over Rs47.66 crore has been done towards relocation of both the villages. The money will be treated as 100% Central assistance.Similarly, Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR), which has maximum number of villages and has taken a lead in relocating them, has been released Rs7.39 crore to resettle Dhargad and Pili villages. All the 313 families - 172 in Pili and 141 in Dhargad - have opted for option I.Last year, over Rs40 crore were released for MTR in which three villages Barukheda, Amona and Nagartas were resettled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11421860", "title": "Lenovo unveils 55-inch Android 4.0 HDTV", "text": "Ahead of the Consumer Electronics Show (CSE), the world's biggest gadget show starting on January 10th in Las Vegas , US, Chinese PC maker Lenovo announced an Android 4.0-powered 3D HDTV (high-definition television) called the K91.Claimed to be the first TV running Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich update, the TV will sport a 55-inch screen size and will have access to \"unlimited TV apps\". The TV will reportedly feature some of Lenovo's cloud services that include an app store.The TV boasts of a 1080p IPS display, 1.5GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor, 1GB RAM, and a built-in 5 megapixel camera. The Android 4.0-powered TV will also run Lenovo's interface called Sandwich UI which supports video on demand, Internet apps, and regular TV programming.According to Lenovo, the smart TV will features voice control with natural language processing and speech recognition technology, allowing viewers to use voice commands to control the remote. The TV's remote will have a touchpad, 5 directional keys, and a motion sensor.Besides this, Lenovo also unveiled an Android 4.0-powered 10-inch tablet, and a new smartphone S2, along with cloud-based data services.The S2 smartphone sports a 1.4GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor with a VGA front-facing camera and 8 megapixel rear shooter. Featuring a 3.8-inch display, the smartphone will run Android 2.3.Lenovo's new Android 4.0 tablet, the IdeaTab S2, will pack a 1.5GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor, 1GB of RAM and a 10.1-inch 1280 x 800 IPS display.Lenovo revealed that the K91 smart TV is available for purchase in China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11420794", "title": "Studying management in Norway", "text": "BI Norwegian Business School, Norway's second largest educational institution and a business school in Europe, received the prestigious EQUIS accreditation from the European Foundation for Management Development in 1999 and was reaccredited in 2005 and 2010.BI offers the following two-year programmes at the MS level, which are taught in English. It includes MS in business and economics, international management, financial economics, marketing, leadership and organisational psychology and, innovation and entrepreneurship.These programmes are equivalent to an MBA degree in India. In their second year of study, students have ample opportunities to study a semester or a whole year at one of BI's more than 165 international partners. In India, BI has exchange programmes in place with MDI Gurgaon, IMT Ghaziabad and IIM Calcutta.The tuition fees for the MSC programme is 11,000 euros per-year and living costs vary from 8000 to 10,000 euros per-year . Students can work part-time , earning around 15 euros per hour. Students with GMAT scores of 650 and above or GRE equivalent or a CAT score of 95% and above along with a good academic record can compete for scholarships . These scholarships include a tuition fee waiver. Also, additional partial grants to cover living costs are available.Seminar on admissions and visa procedures will be conducted in Delhi on January 21 at The Governors Room, Hotel Hilton Eros, Nehru Place, near Satyam Cinema from 6 pm to 8 pm.On-the-spot admissions assessment will be conducted during the seminar. There are no application fees. Students are required to bring in their relevant documents for the interviews.For registration, email your CVs to ashish.sachde@gmail .com or register online at www.studyabroadseminar.com/bi Entry to the seminar is free, prior registration is compulsory . For details, log on to www.bi.no/india. For further details , call 09821455229, 09699957222.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11417755", "title": "Noida officials to cover Maya, elephant statues", "text": "NOIDA: A day after the Election Commission ordered covering of statues of Uttar Pradesh CM Mayawati and her party's symbol, the elephant, draping work began hurriedly in the Dalit Prerna Sthal in Noida on Sunday afternoon only to stop an hour later. The district administration has a daunting task ahead as there are a large number of elephant statues that dot the park.Noida Authority officials arrived at the Dalit Prerna Sthal around 2.30pm to drape the statues with sheets of black plastic, however they left the park around 3.30 leaving the work unfinished. Initially, sources said that work had stopped as there was confusion as to which department would complete the task.Another theory floated around that the district administration could not figure out the amount of cloth and plastic that would be used for covering the statues, resulting in the work getting abandoned.Later in the evening, the district magistrate Hirdesh Kumar told TOI that work was hurriedly started by the authorities after media enquiries came in about covering the statues at the Dalit Park. Several TV crews were stationed at the park to check out whether the EC's order was being followed.\"As the district administration did not have any specific guidelines to cover the elephants, I talked to the chief electoral officer. He told me that the guidelines and deadlines would be sent and I got the same late in the evening. The guidelines suggest that all elephants will have to be covered by 5pm on January 11. The district administration will have to submit a compliance report to the Commission by 7pm on the same day,\" Kumar said.\"There are several elephants installed at various locations in the district and it is impossible to cover them overnight. Now, a team will be formed and under its supervision the elephants will be covered,\" Kumar added.There are a total of 52 elephant statues constructed within the Dalit Park. Apart from these, numerous elephant heads also dot the fountains in the park. The Dalit Prerna Sthal has two statues of Mayawati while another one has been erected at Gautam Buddh University in Greater Noida.The university also has 10 elephant statues. The Surajpur T-point and Surajpur Extension in Greater Noida also have four elephants each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11417876", "title": "Onion prices drop to Rs 10 a kg in retail market", "text": "PUNE: Here's a piece of good news for the common man which may also spell doom for farmers. Onion prices have fallen to as low as Rs 10 in the retail market. This is significant as during the same period last year prices of onions were as high as Rs 70 per kg.Increased production in the southern states and lesser demand for onion from Maharashtra from other states has resulted in the crash of prices this year.Onions attracted Rs 70 per kg rate in January 2011 due to the shortage of supply, and traders from South India could not buy it as transporting it at such high cost of was not a profitable business.City-based agriculture produce market committee (APMC), the main wholesale market, on Sunday, received a stock of 18,204 quintal on onion, at a price range of Rs 250 to Rs 600 per quintal. Farmers are forced to sell their produce at such low rate due to excess supply and the fear of prices crashing further.A commission agent said, \"Post-monsoon showers in October 2010 had damaged the crop in Maharashtra. As a result, prices had shot up in January 2011. \"Last year's heavy pricing had prompted farmers from Karnataka and Tamil Nadu to take up onion crop at large scale, said the commission agent. \"This year, onion crop is good and there is hardly any damage to the crop. The high scale plantation in southern states has reduced the demand for Maharashtra onion, when the wholesale markets in Mumbai, Pune, Nashik and Ahmednagar are flooded with fresh supply. Farmers who had stocked onion expecting higher prices also released their stock following the arrival of fresh onion. This has resulted into crashing of prices to low levels like Rs 300 per quintal in wholesale market.\"There are more onions in the farms awaiting harvesting. If the government does not promote export, it would have a very negative impact on farmers, say observers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11418968", "title": "Blind navigators prove their mettle in Bhopal car rally", "text": "BHOPAL: For the 40-odd visually challenged navigators from across the state, who participated in the 'Blind Challenge Car Rally-2012', it turned out to be a day they navigated their drivers on the city roads.The rally was organised by an NGO, Aarushi. Premdas Hariyale led the race and touched the podium after displaying fabulous navigating skills. Sanjiv Shrivastava was his driver. A route map in braille was given to them and the competitors who finished with minimum penalty points were declared the winners.The rally covered around 30 kms within the city limits. It started from Directorate of Census Operations at Arera Hills concluded at Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya. Throughout the route, all road safety norms and speed limits were strictly followed.Only five participants reached the destination. There were cash prizes and trophies for the first three winners. In all, 40 vehicles participated in the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11427116", "title": "'Starring in a period flick is a different feel'", "text": "Actress Priyaa Lal says that her upcoming multilingual flick Kunthapura presented her with a new territory to exploreRemember the Janakan girl who with her big eyes and innocent smile captured the hearts of the Malayali audience a handful of years ago? After completing her course in Media and Production from the UK, Priyaa Lal has now shifted base to Kochi to pursue cinema full on. The actress will next be seen in the upcoming bilingual flick, Kunthapura.Acting in a period flick is a different feel altogether, says Priyaa. \"I'm glad to be associated with the project. The film has artistes from different cultural backgrounds, including our own Charu Hassan and 21 British actors. It sure was a learning experience for me,\" says an excited Priyaa, who plays the role of Vasundhara Devi, a member of the Mysore royal family who is an archaeology student in the UK.The film set against the backdrop of the pre-Independence era plots the story of a village in Mysore which rises up in rebellion against the Archaeological Survey of India that asks the villagers to evacuate from the region so that they can pursue their research on the historical significance of the village. The film directed by Joe Eshwar has Nawaz Ismail behind the camera and T K Vimal composing the music. \"We're almost done with the shooting. The movie will hit the theatres in a while,\" informs Priyaa.Ask her what's new on the Mollywood front post her recent release, director Thulasidas' Killadi Raman where she was paired opposite Munna Simon, and Priyaa says, \"Two projects are underway - one in Malayalam and another in Tamil. Discussions are on but it's too early to talk about it. I'm back from the UK to pursue cinema in all seriousness and, yes, I'll be around,\" she says with a dashing smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418716", "title": "Upadhyay slams ton in Ruby win", "text": "NAGPUR: Gaurav Upadhyay slammed a superb hundred and followed it up with a couple of wickets to storm Ruby Cricket Club to a facile 89-run win over South East Central (SEC) Railway in the Vayusena Challenge Cup cricket tournament at Ordnance Factory cricket ground here on Monday.Put into bat in a match which was reduced to 43 overs due to wet outfield, Ruby piled up 284 for the loss of seven wickets in stipulated 43 overs. Upadhyay top scored with 107 while Amit Paunikar notched up 52 runs. Baburao Yadav was the most successful SEC Railway bowler bagging a couple of wickets.In reply, SEC Railway, despite K Gyani's 55, could make only 199 runs. Ruby's leg-spinner Azhar Sheikh scalped three wickets while Upadhyay got two. Upadhyay was adjudged man-of-the-match for his all-round performance.The other match of the day saw Reshimbagh Gymkhana drub State Bank of India (SBI) by nine wickets at Vayu Sena cricket ground.SBI, batting first, were all out for 209 runs in 49.1 overs. Karan Pratap Singh top scored with 73 runs. It turned out to be cakewalk chase for Reshimbagh Gymkhana, who achieved the target in mere 34 overs for the loss of solitary wicket. Openers Viraj Ratan and Anup Fulper put up a 92-run stand off just 89 balls. Fulper scored unbeaten 81 off 97 balls and was declared man-of-the-match for his splendid performance.Inter-press cricket tourney from todayNagpur: The Orange City Hospital Cup 14th Inter-Press Invitational Twenty20 Cricket tournament, organised by the Sports Journalists' Association of Nagpur, will get underway at Vasant Nagar ground on Monday.Defending champions Lokmat will take on Deshonnati in the inaugural tie on Monday at 9am. The Times of India will open their campaign against Sakal on January 12.Chairman of Ravi Nair Hospitals Private Limited Uday Bhaskar Nair will inaugurate the tourney. Director of OCHRI Dr Anup Marar, CEO of Satvik Group Amol Dhake, Director of Purti Group Sudhir Diwe and president of Vidarbha Cricket Association Prakash Dixit will also grace the occasion.Vidarbha Premier League quarters at VCA JamthaBuldhana Bulls will clash with Gadchiroli Commandos in the first quarterfinal of the Vidarbha Premier League at VCA Jamtha ground on Monday. The 50-over match will begin at 9am. Final, slated to be held on January 15, will be a day-night affair.Ankit Menon memorial TT from TuesdayNagpur District Table Tennis Association and Dr Ambedkar College Sports Academy will jointly conduct the Ankit Menon Memorial Table Tennis Championship in three age categories from Tuesday.The four-day invitational tourney for boys and girls in the cadet, sub-junior and junior category will be played at the academy's table tennis hall, Deekshabhoomi. For details interested can contact chief referee Deepak Kanetkar (9225210405) and Sunil Panbude (9881971322). Winners will get cash prizes while all the participating paddlers will get participating certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11418107", "title": "Sugarcane growers cry foul over support price", "text": "WARDHA: Even if the state government has declared Rs 1,800 and Rs 2,050 support price for sugarcane growers in Vidarbha, Marathwada and western Maharashtra regions respectively, the farmers in this region are still waiting for this price.In Jamini, Mahatma Sugar Factory (MSF) is offering Rs 1,500 per quintal for sugarcane. With this, the factory is earning Rs 12 crore while the farmers are bearing huge losses. The estimated sugarcane crop in Wardha district is 4 lakh tonne, and if the whole crop is sold for Rs 1,500 per quintal which is Rs 300 less than the declared price, the total loss to farmers will reach a whopping Rs 12 crore.In October, Raju Shetty led an agitation in western Maharashtra demanding minimum support price for sugarcane. The Maharashtra government had agreed and announced Rs 1,800 MSP for sugarcane in Vidarbha and Marathwada and Rs 2,050 in western Maharashtra.Farmer leader Vijay Jawandhiya said, \"Though I am not sure whether a government GR has been issued or not, I know an agreement was reached between the agitators and the government.\"MSF managing director denied the charges while accepting that the factory was paying only Rs 1,500 per quintal. He said, \"We have to pay carrying and other charges as well, which cost Rs 500.\"Damodar Jhade, a farmer, said, \"I am getting Rs 1,500. However, the purchasers convince us that other charges paid by them should be added to the sugarcane price. \"This is a different trend than western Maharashtra,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11423942", "title": "Vajpayee, Narendra Modi in BJP list of election campaigners", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , who is seriously ill for the past two years, and Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , who did not canvas in the Bihar polls due to objections from ally JD(U), figure in the BJP's list of election campaigners.Vajpayee's name is the first in the list of BJP campaigners which the party is sending to the Election Commission for the mandatory approval in connection with the upcoming Assembly elections in five states including Uttar Pradesh and Punjab.The list also sets at rest speculation of Modi's participation in the UP election campaign. There were reports that he may keep away as his bete noire and former General Secretary (Organisation) of the BJP, Sanjay Joshi is one of the party's main election in-charge in UP.Modi had stayed away from the last BJP National Executive as he was sulking over party President Nitin Gadkari's decision to bring back Sanjay Joshi into the party. Joshi had to leave when a controversial CD had appeared.Other prominent leaders to campaign in UP for BJP are L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj , Arun Jaitley and Murli Manohar Joshi. However, they are likely to keep away from those constituencies where tainted candidates like Shakshi Maharaj, Chhatrapal Singh, Bhadshah Singh and Daddan Mishra have been fielded.These Central leaders had objected to the induction of tainted former Minister in Mayawati government Babu Singh Kushwaha and made it clear that they will not campaign for the tainted candidates.Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh and Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda will also campaign in UP, along with Bihar Deputy CM Sushil Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "11419453", "title": "Severe turbulence rattles 'superjumbo', 7 flyers injured", "text": "MELBOURNE: Seven passengers were injured when a Qantas A380 superjumbo with 450 passengers was rattled by severe turbulence over Indian airspace . The Qantas flight QF32 from London to Sydney had departed London on Friday night and was three hours out of Singapore on Saturday morning when it was hit by turbulence caused by bad storms in the Indian airspace, a spokeswoman of the Australian airline said.\"( The aircraft) diverted around most of it but it was the initial part of the storm that had the impact,\" the spokeswoman said. \"The seat belt sign had come on but some passengers were still moving back to their seats.\"Seven people suffered minor cuts and bruises during the incident, the Hearld Tribune reported. Four were treated in hospital while three were treated at a medical centre in Singapore but all have since been discharged . The aircraft was cleared to fly after being assessed by engineers and has departed Singapore.Qantas spokeswoman Sophia Connelly said six of the seven would be arriving back in Sydney on Sunday, while one male passenger opted to fly to Perth. She said one person hit an overhead locker when the A380 was rattled by the turbulence, and part of the plane's interior was also damaged.\"One of the cabin overhead storage compartments needs to be fixed but nothing serious,\" she said. The turbulence happened over three close five-minute intervals. The turbulence incident is the latest misfortune for Australia's Qantas's A380 fleet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417428", "title": "Low day temperature to continue: Met office", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was another chilly but pleasant day for Delhiites on Sunday with the day temperature continuing to settle at below normal levels.There was no rainfall as predicted by the weatherman but the maximum temperature dipped three degrees below normal at 18 deg C, up from yesterday's 17.7 degrees, which also three notches down. The minimum temperature, however, dropped to 11.9 degree Celsius, five degree above normal but down from the previous day's 12.5 deg C.There could be fog in the morning on Monday, the Met office said, adding the temperature would oscillate between eight and 18 degrees Celsius. The city experienced the coldest day temperature on Friday with the maximum recorded at a low of 16.9 degrees Celsius.Last month also saw the minimum temperature come down to 2.9 deg C on Christmas morning, the lowest for the season so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418251", "title": "Malabar civet on display at city museum", "text": "CHENNAI: A preserved specimen of the rare Malabar spotted civet will be on display at the government museum in Egmore from Monday for a week.Found only in the Western Ghats, especially in the south Malabar region of Kerala, the civet is a critically endangered species under the Indian Wildlife Act 1972 and on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. \"The government museum in Chennai is the only one in the country to have a complete stuffed specimen of this rare species,\" said museum commissioner S S Jawahar.Wildlife researchers and forest officials have not been able to spot the civet in the wild for years. \"So far, researchers have only found a few pieces of skin in the Malabar region. A team of wildlife researchers from France and Wildlife Trust of India came to museum recently to study the specimen,\" said the museum's zoology curator J R Ashokan.Due to the threat from human habitations and deforestation in Malabar region, the wild civet population has depleted. \"None of the 190 zoos in the country has a Malabar civet. In Kerala, the species is called Jawadi Veruku,\" said biologist Dr Manimozhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418128", "title": "CBSE chairman rolls out Vision 2012", "text": "NAGPUR: The CBSE chairman has sent his first letter of 2012 to affiliated schools detailing his vision for the year ahead. Vineet Joshi's letter also sends out stern warning to erring schools by asking them to be careful and not to violate guidelines laid down by the board.In a bold initiative, the board has decided to do away with hands on practical components in physics, chemistry and biology (std XI and XII) for visually impaired students. Even students with partial vision loss were not able to complete their practical tests and would require assistance, similar to using a writer for theory paper. CBSE has decided to have a multiple choice question test instead with immediate effect for std XI, and will apply to std XII for the academic session 2012-13.Also, CBSE will become the first board in the country to have a call centre which will be functional all through the year. As of now every board starts a counseling helpline during board exams to help students deal with stress. CBSE helpline is expected to be functional by mid-February.Joshi has urged schools to strengthen the continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) by making sure that teachers use the manuals provided by the board, and familiarize themselves with the guidelines.The chairman asserts that the 'established notion' of teachers being over-burdened with work due to implementation of reforms needs to be reviewed. \"The teacher has to appreciate that her role is now more as collaborator and facilitator rather than instructor,\" writes Joshi.There are some harsh words in place for schools as well, which CBSE believes are not adhering to its guidelines. Joshi's letter goes on to say that 'schools should desist from exploiting parents by opening book shops or uniform centers which prescribe branded accessories, shoes etc at inflated costs'. The board has received complaints that various schools ask students to purchase uniforms or certain accessories from a specified shop only, which is usually at a price higher than the market.While corporal punishment for students has been banned for quite some time, the board reiterates that point with an addition. CBSE now wants schools to ensure that apart from students, their parents too are protected. The chairman's letter adds that 'no school under the guise of enforcing discipline should mistreat any student or parent'. It further goes on to add that schools are ideological institutions and not 'factories', hence the management should do everything possible to protect children.Joshi reminds principals that involvement of parents in school affairs is beneficial. \"Purposeful involvement of parents has now been made more feasible after introduction of CCE. Heads of schools are advised to have continuous interaction with parents and utilize the vast resource of parent interactions for quality enhancement of schools,\" writes Joshi.The board also wants schools to not lose sight of other extra-curricular initiatives like health, environment, and science and drama clubs. CBSE has now asked schools to set aside two periods in a fortnight to ensure students' participation.Vocational education will also remain a key area of focus for CBSE as highlighted by the fact that two subjects related to mass media have been started. As a pilot project, Mass Media Studies and Mass Media Production were being taught at schools in Delhi, Mumbai and Pune. These subjects will be available to all schools (for std XI) from the academic session 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11422744", "title": "Medical test racket unearthed in AIIMS, five arrested", "text": "New Delhi: Delhi Police today claimed to have cracked a post graduate medical entrance racket in AIIMS with the arrest of five persons, including a doctor and two MBA students.A senior police official said the arrests came yesterday following investigations into a tip off that the question papers for the entrance examination held yesterday were leaked.A doctor and two MBA students were among the arrest, the official said.The gang used to target MBBS students, who were planning to study post graduate courses.\"The gang hired hired MBA students, who used to go to exam centre. They used to scan the question papers through high-end mobile phones. Using blue tooth, the gang then provided the answers to the candidates who paid them,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11418780", "title": "Joda stares into a dusty future", "text": "KEONJHAR: Villagers of at least 10 gram panchayats in Joda mining area remain bereft of basics of life such as clean drinking water, child and health care, education, proper communication, etc., even though the resources of the land are filling up the coffers of mining companies with crores of rupees on an average.\"No mining company is interested in educating the children of poor tribals in this area. They want the children to remain illiterate like their daily labourer parents, so that they can not raise their voice against the company or demand a job from the company,\" said Dama Munda of Guruda village in the mining area. Nayagarh, Palasa, Balada, Kalimati, Jajanga and Jalahari are some of the other worst effected gram panchayats by exploitative mining in the region.Heavy pollution, massive deforestation, rampant unemployment due to the use of machines in the mines, closure of mines and industries have compounded the woes of the villagers.Guruda village for instance, which used to be surrounded by lush green forests and boasted a rich environment, has now turned into a virtual desert. Mine companies like Tisco , Tarini minerals and Omc, operating near the village since the past few years, have sucked the area dry.Rampant deforestation and dumping of mining effluents in water bodies, crop fields and forest is affecting the lives of villagers. Despite living over valuable minerals under the ground, the villagers remain as poor as ever, finding it difficult to even arrange two square meals a day.The mining companies are not spending the mandatory five percentage of their profit towards periphery development in the area. They have only developed the roads leading to the mines or mining colonies and have made available electricity and drinking water facility only in their colonies. Sometimes mining companies provide drinking water to villagers in tankers, which is not sufficient for the needs of the people. Most villagers in the area have already quit cultivation due to water scarcity and pollution.\"Due to mining operations, road and communication, environment, health, drinking water, education has been severely affected. Earlier, people in the area were meeting their livelyhood needs from the forest and through cultivation. But now the livelyhood options of the villagers are completely destroyed,\" said Sanatan Mohakud, a social worker of Bamebari. \"Their only source of livelyhood now is working in mines. But nowadays introduction of machines in the mines have made thousands of local people jobless. They have no alternative source of livelyhood left anymore,\" he added.Keonjhar ADM B K Nayak said, \"It is a statuary provision for companies to develop the affected area under periphery development scheme or corporate social responsibilities program. The administration is reviewing their activities.\" There are about 20 mines like Tata, Sirazuddin, Indrani Patnaik, Tarini Minerals, T P Mohanty, Rungta, H G Pandya, T B Lal, S C Padhi, KMC, Malla Ray, OMC, etc., that have been operating in the area since many years now. Besides, several other industries like sponge and steel, iron crushers, etc., are operating in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11418111", "title": "Heda elected president of youth wing", "text": "AKOLA: Prof Raman Heda has been elected unopposed as the president of Vidarbha Pradeshik (Regional) Maheshwari Yuva (youth) organization, the sources said.The election took place at Nagpur in the central office of Akhil Bhartiya Maheshwari Mahasabha. He is the resident of Akola city and a senior social worker.Sandeep Mundada (Dhamangaon) Dr. Anup Bhutada (Wardha), Guddu Sarda and Sharad Lakhotiya (Nagpur), Shailesh Toshniwal (Akola), Hargovind Chandak (Yavatmal), Naresh Soni (Amravati) Ravi Hurkat (Washim) were present at the meet.Man hangs himself38-year-old Vinayak Tayde of Malegaon Bazar in Telhara taluk of Akola district has committed suicide by hanging himself on January 3. Reason behind suicide is yet to be ascertained. Investigation is on.Notice to AMC dy commissionerDr Utkarsha Gute the deputy commissioner Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) has been served show cause notice for dereliction in duty, the sources said. The notice was served on two issues viz. parking and encroachment. He is in-charge of these two issues. Deepak Chaudh the administrator of AMC served the notice.Man commits suicideBaban Sadashiv Thombre a senior citizen from Gayatri Nagar in Mothi Umri area near here committed suicide by consuming poison on Tuesday. A case of accidental death has been registered. Further investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417889", "title": "Diversions planned, cops advise using DND, Vikas Marg", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Nizamuddin bridge, an arterial road linking east Delhi, Noida and Ghaziabad with the rest of the city, will be partially shut for repairs for more than a month. Though the Public Works Department plans to close just one-fourth portion of the bridge at a time, given the high volume of traffic on the stretch, the move is expected to cause major disruption.Morning rush hour commuters heading towards Ring Road will be the worst hit as repairs are slated to take place on the carriageway on which the east-to-west traffic moves. Work on the stretch will begin around the end of January and continue till March. Be prepared for major traffic disruptions starting February as the PWD plans to shut the Nizamuddin bridge in parts for repairs.Traffic police have planned diversions to ease the pain for commuters. One of these include opening up half of the other carriageway for traffic heading towards the Ring Road in the morning hours, when the main traffic flow is east to west.Despite this, the stretch is likely to see massive tailbacks as vehicles travelling at high speed on the eight-laned NH-24 suddenly slow down at the Nizamuddin bridge and pass through four lanes split in two. Even when the bridge is fully functional, there's heavy congestion during peak traffic hours. \"We have asked the repairing agency to work on two lanes of the carriageway at a time, as closing down the entire carriageway will be chaotic. While it is hoped that the work will be completed in a month or so, we have planned some diversions during the time of the repair work,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.\"In the morning, when traffic movement is heavier from east to south Delhi, we will allow two out of the four lanes on the other carriageway to be used for traffic moving from east Delhi. This way, four lanes will be available for traffic moving westwards from the east. In the evening, when the traffic movement is heavier from south to east Delhi, we will allow all four lanes from south to east Delhi to move as usual,\" JCP Garg said.Traffic cops have asked PWD to make changes on the bridge to facilitate diversions. \"We have asked them to start repairs only after Republic Day so the stretch is expected to be closed by the end of the month,\" said a senior traffic cop.Despite the arrangements, police will be advising commuters to avoid the bridge during the repair period. \"We will suggest commuters use the DND or Vikas Marg once the work starts,\" said a senior traffic cop. As a result, the DND and ITO bridges will see increased volume of traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418224", "title": "Dedicated wing to crack homicides in city", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have decided to set up an exclusive wing to crack homicide cases in the city, which has reported the highest number of murders in the state. The wing will start operations this month, said police commissioner J K Tripathy.During a press meet at police commissionerate in Egmore recently, Tripathy said the team would reopen unsolved murder cases. \"The exclusive team to deal with murder cases will probably start work in January,\" he said.A senior police officer said the state government has accepted the proposal to strengthen the Central Crime Branch (CCB) and create a homicide wing.Another senior officer said, \"The team will not be given routine duties like bandobast.\" Talented inspector-level officers will be posted in the wing, which will be led by a deputy commissioner of police. As per police rules, homicide includes murder, culpable homicide not amounting to murder and dowry death. Tripathy said six murder for gain cases, mostly involving senior citizens, remain unsolved from last year.Chennai city recorded the highest number of murder cases (127) out of the 1,364 cases reported in the state up to September 2011. Villuppuram district (68 cases) and Tirunelveli district (65) follow. According to the National Crime Records Bureau, 102 murder cases were reported in Chennai during 2010.Murder cases remain unsolved for long for various reasons. \"The investigation officer is changed often and many of them are reassigned for bandobast (security detail). This is the main reason for the delay in solving cases,\" said a senior police officer. \"The exclusive homicide wing will change this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418695", "title": "UT to miss world heritage deadline again", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration is not interested in availing the UNESCO world heritage site status for Chandigarh as it is about to miss the January 31 deadline for submitting its dossier in 2012. The administration had decided not to send its nomination last year as well, advocating that it wanted to focus on heritage conservation instead.There has been disinterest about the coveted status despite Chandigarh managing to find a place on the tentative heritage list in 2006. Once placed on UNESCO's permanent list, the UT would not only join the league of cities like Tel Aviv , Brasilia and Le Havre (France), but would also find a place on international tourism map.Sources in UT administration confirmed that no formal nomination would be sent this year to seek the UNESCO world heritage status. The move is in sharp contrast to the three consecutive years- 2008, 2009 and 2010- when the administration had tried hard to get a place on the heritage list.In the last proposal finalized by the architecture department, it was decided to divide UT's entry into two parts- capital complex and cultural complex- with focus on 12-15 key buildings designed by Swiss-French architect Le Corbusier. These included High Court, Assembly, Sukhna Lake, Leisure Valley, Museum and Government College of Art.The housing schemes conceptualized as part of the capital project also found a mention in the proposal. The preserved character of Old Architect's Building in Sector 19, strengthened Chandigarh's claim.The administration was set to submit its dossier in 2008 when the nodal agency, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), asked Chandigarh to get concurrence from Punjab and Haryana governments. UT missed the deadline in this process.The ministry of home affairs (MHA) asked the UT in July, 2009, while the work on the dossier was going on, to rework its claim and go in for a safer version with focus on the buildings designed by Corbusier. The revised nomination was not ready by January 2010.In December 2010, UT administration decided not to send its nomination. Instead it decided to accord heritage status to government and private buildings on its own and sent the plan to MHA", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417339", "title": "Assembly session set to be stormy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The winter session of the Delhi Assembly, the last one before the municipal polls, is expected to be politically stormy. While Sheila Dikshit's government is preparing to highlight its achievements in the run-up to the April polls, the BJP is gearing up to focus on the failures of the Congress regime.A closer look at the list of business for the five-day session beginning on Monday, however, reveals that controversial issues like irregularities in granting provisional sanction to unauthorized colonies and price rise will not be part of short-duration discussion.The session will open with lieutenant-governor Tejendra Khanna's address to the House highlighting the government achievements in the past one year. Out of the 24 notices for short-duration discussion submitted to the business advisory committee of the Assembly, only two have been kept in the list for discussion.While one will discuss benefits of the trifurcation of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi for better administrative arrangement and public convenience, the other will focus on deteriorating law and order in Delhi. Both issues are scheduled to be taken up on January 12.With the government now armed with the notification to implement the trifurcation - which was on chief minister Dikshit's radar for the past one year - the Assembly provides the platform to drive home its point of view on how the new system would enhance efficiency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11417972", "title": "7 two-wheelers destroyed in fire at Balajinagar", "text": "PUNE: Seven two-wheelers were destroyed in a fire in the parking lot of Prerana Heights society at Balajinagar on Sunday morning. The Sahakarnagar police said the fire may have broken out while some unidentified person attempted to steal petrol from the two-wheelers.Senior police inspector Mahadev Gawde said there were around 40 two-wheelers in the parking lot at the time of the incident. However, only seven were destroyed. The police have registered an offence against the unidentified petrol thief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417187", "title": "Action likely against Munde Junior", "text": "MUMBAI: The state Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leadership has indicated that disciplinary action is likely against Dhananjay Munde, a party MLC and Gopinath Munde's nephew, for anti-party activities in Parli, the senior Munde's home-town and political bastion.Gopinath Munde urged workers to stand behind the party in the civic and zilla parishad elections next month, at a state executive committee meeting. Munde, who had to face embarrassment following the rebellion, warned that those who worked against the party and flout the party whip have no place in the party. \"They will be shown the door,\" Munde added.Dhananjay had created a storm in the state unit when he installed a party rebel against the official candidate for elections to the presidentship of the Parli municipal council. Dhananjay engineered a split in the party's municipal council group and the rebel won. This was seen as a setback for Gopinath, who had nourished Parli as the party's citadel, and groomed his nephew's political career. Dhananjay was advised by senior partymen, including state BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar, not to flout the party whip. Yet, he went ahead with his plan much too the discomfort of his uncle, a BJP bigwig.On Sunday, on the sidelines of the state executive committee meeting in Mumbai, Mungantiwar said rebels have no place in the party. -Ambarish MishraWhile not making it clear what action was in store for Dhananjay, Mungantiwar said, \"The matter has been referred to the party's disciplinary committee. We are awaiting the committee's decision.\"BJP president Nitin Gadkari , in his concluding speech, urged activists to concentrate on elections. Loyal and hardworking workers will not be ignored by the party, Gadkari said, and added that the elections were crucial to the BJP, which is planning to expand its social base in Maharashtra.Meanwhile, Mungantiwar and other state party leaders held discussions with Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray at Matoshree on Sunday to finalize distribution of seats for the civic elections with the Ramdas Athavale-led Republican Party of India. The RPI will be given 29 seats, a senior BJP functionary said. He added that the BJP might suffer to fulfill Athavale's demand for four to five more seats in the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418260", "title": "Fishing for trouble", "text": "NAGPUR: The fishermen paid royalty to the fisheries department of Madhya Pradesh earlier. Fishing was banned in 1995 after the National Tiger Project commenced at Pench. The government started different projects here. Social workers recalled that an entire village was shifted in 2002. The displaced villagers were allotted plots as per families, but there was no proper rehabilitation packages for displaced villagers. The matter was referred to the judiciary with several social workers intervening in the issue for the rights of displaced people.Forest officials said the Supreme Court has banned fishing in Pench Tiger Reserve. Due to interference of antisocial elements, officials said that there has been a spurt in illegal fishing in Totladoh reservoir inside Pench reserve. \"They are labourers who had come to work on the Totladoh project and ended up settling at the site,\" said a senior official.It was with the intervention of Bombay high court that the labourers' colony was removed from the Totladoh reservoir area. However, due to casual approach adopted by authorities, the problem of illegal fishing and biotic pressure has acquired grim proportions. An official said illegal fishing is being done on both sides - in Madhya Pradesh as well as Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423350", "title": "Rakhi Sawant's mysterious caller", "text": "Rakhi Sawant , who left Kolkata on Friday evening following a mysterious phone call that came to her, has set tongues rolling.\"She was supposed to stay back for some more time, but she almost rushed to the airport after the call. We think it came directly from Salman Khan ,\" said a unit member of Satabdi Roy's \"Om Shanti\". Rakhi was, in fact, in town to shoot an item number composed by Samidh. Meanwhile, Rakhi is not in a mood to disclose the identity of the mysterious caller. \"Why will I say who called? You can say that the call came from the production house,\" said the item girl.However, Rakhi says her Kolkata visit was worth every minute. \"This is the first time that I did an item song in Bengal and this is also the first time that an item number has been written on me. The tune is so catchy that I am still humming it. I thank thank Satabdi Roy enough for giving me a team of choreographer, designer and stylist. More such works from Bengal is welcome,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11419772", "title": "A Disneyland is unfolding along Kanakapura road", "text": "Vaikunta Hill, off Kanakapura Road, gives a bird's-eye view of the future of Bangalore South. The hillock provides not only a 360-degree view of all of Bangalore but also the trajectory the development of the city will take in the coming years.The 28-acre hillock, on Kanakapura Road and very close to Konanakunte Cross, will be at the heart of the path-breaking changes the city will witness.Iskcon, which bought the 28-acre hillock for Rs 23 crore at a public auction, is building what it says is a Disneyland-like 4D technology driven Krishna Lila Park and will transform the tourist potential of Bangalore, Karnataka and India.The construction work on the theme park is expected to begin mid-2012 and get completed by 2016-17 . The estimated cost is around Rs 350 crore.Apart from the intrinsic attraction of the theme park, its spin-offs for Bangalore are numerous: a 600-unit Gokulam Apartments has been built right next to the hill and sold off to citizens, while a second block of 1,400 apartments is being built by Mantri Group also adjacent to the hill.A massive block of 1,000 apartments already exists next to the hillock. Gokulam apartment resident K A Shenoy told TOI: \"We purchased the flat not only because JP Nagar, Banashankari and Jayanagar are accessible, but because we will be right next to a world-class social theme park. The neighbourhood will be hi-tech and socially alive and engaging.\"Vaikunta Hill is expected to spur massive residential apartment projects and villas in the range of 3-10 km.\"Kanakapura Road is set to become the hot destination from 2012 onwards as development is still now concentrated in the Yelahanka, Whitefield, Sarjapura regions. Kanakapura Road and beyond is virgin area in a sense and will see far more residential development than office space development, followed by retail and commercial development,\" says Farooq Mahmood of Silverline Realty . Owing to the arrival of a massive tourist hub, property prices in and around Kanakapura Road area are bound to shoot up in the next five years. The prices for a square foot of site hover around Rs 3,150 to Rs 3,850, according to magicbricks.com, a property site. While a two-bedroom flat may cost Rs 30-35 lakh, three-bedroom ones will begin around Rs 50-55 lakh.An acre of land in the area is running at Rs 9-10 crore. Expect a 10% to 15% rise in these prices in the next five years.The location of Metro Cash and Carry on Kanakapura Road is attributed to the presence of wealthy families in the area and the vastly spread small retail network in the area.Housing activity along Kanakapura Road is expected to rapidly expand with the arrival of Metro Rail network.The line will reach Konanakunte, which will be connected to Majestic, which , in turn, is connected to M G Road.The co-ordinatesKanakapura Road originates in the city at Krishna Rao Park in Basavanagudi. Is close to J P Nagar, Banashankari, Jayanagar Is 16-18 kms from M G Road, Vidhana Soudha Metro rail is being built on Kanakapura Road till Konankunte Cross The road cuts through Vasanthapura and Konanakunte ward", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11418861", "title": "Lawyers protest bar council exam", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police arrested 21 lawyers on Sunday for protesting against the All-India Bar Council Examination held at the PSG College of Technology.It is mandatory for every graduate, after enrolment as lawyer in the respective State Bar Council, to clear this examination, which will test their skills and basic knowledge critical for a new entrant to the profession. It is intended to check for eligibility, rather than expertise.The protestors entered the college, the only designated exam centre in the city. The protestors shouted slogans and disrupted the examination by urging students to boycott the exam. At least 250 students were writing the exam. The lawyers questioned why they needed to take the exam even after enrolling with the Bar Council.K Thonkappian, one of the protestors, pointed out that medical and engineering professionals do not have to write this kind of compulsory exam on graduation. The All India Bar Examination is mandatory for all law students graduating from the academic year 2009-2010 onwards. The examination will be held once in six months and anyone failing in the first test can re-appear.Thonkappian said that students study the syllabus prescribed by the government and they graduate only after clearing several examinations. Holding another exam after they graduate means that there is some problem with the present curriculum, he reasoned. Besides, it is also an insult to the teachers of these students, he added.Another grievance was that although there was an exam centre in the city, candidates were assigned to centres outside the district.A Julius, state organiser, Law Students Association said that lawyers are not forced to take exams in Rajasthan. He said that at least 300 cases are filed in the higher court. However, the exams are still conducted, he added. He said some students, who passed out of the college, have already started practising as advocates after being enrolled in the Bar and getting identity cards and certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417468", "title": "Partnership summit on January 13", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Sunday claimed it has received 140 investment proposals worth Rs 3.15 lakh crore with a potential for employing 2.5 lakh people, for the three-day partnership summit beginning January 13. The proposals cover mega projects, public sector undertakings and categories like IT, power, infrastructure and tourism.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said investment opportunities in the state would be showcased in the most befitting manner during the summit, whose theme is 'New Age Innovation Partnerships'. A press release from the CMO said: \"Recently, in just one day, the State Investment Promotion Board cleared 30 investment proposals worth Rs 76,552.44 crore with an employment potential of 71,908. The proposals cover industries like automobile, textiles, chemical and petro-chemical, glass industries and metallurgy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jhajjar", "code": "11417809", "title": "Ultrasound machines in Jhajjar will be kept a tab 24X7", "text": "JHAJJAR: The district, which earned the dubious distinction of having the worst sex ratio in the country according to the last census figures (2010), has decided to keep a closer watch on ultrasound centres, so that the machines at these centres are not misused. All the 28 ultrasound centres would be installed with active tracker advanced technological equipment which will keep a round-the-clock tab on the ultrasound machines.Jhajjar civil surgeon Dr Bharat Singh informed TOI that this active tracker, which is a laptop sized equipment would not only keep a record of the use of ultrasound machines but would also be connected online with the central monitoring system \"which is being set up in my office at the district headquarters here.\"\"The equipment has been procured and we have installed the active tracker system with the ultrasound machines and we are hopeful that it would be activated by Monday. After activation, the ultrasound machines would be directly linked with the central monitoring unit at my office,\" Singh said, while adding that these devices are foolproof and cannot be detached like the previous equipment -- the 'silent observers.'\"In case anybody tries to tamper with it, the tracker would send an SMS on my mobile which is registered with it. We have tried to plug every loophole by introducing these devices. Now onwards, no ultrasound centre in Jhajjar district would be able to carry out any illegal sex determination test,\" the civil surgeon claimed.He said that Jhajjar would be the first district in the country to adopt this technology. \"This is better than the 'silent observers' which are being used in several states and union territories in the country,\" he said.An owner of an ultrasound centre in Bahadurgarh said that they were looked upon with suspicion by the health authorities after the census figures put the district sex ratio at 774 girls per 1,000 boys in the 0-6 age group. \"We have now procured this technology on the initiative of the district health authorities. And hopefully, it would leave no scope for any illegal activity at the ultrasound centers,\" the owner said.The district had been at the bottom of sex ratio chart in the last census though the civil surgeon claimed that the figures had improved after they took tough measures in the last six months. \"The latest figures show that sex ratio of girls vis a vis boys below 6 is 861:1000 which is a significant improvement,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422363", "title": "What's next Nayan?", "text": "While the question that plagued film fans right through 2011 was 'when will Nayanthara and Prabhu Deva tie the knot', the first question that the Sri Rama Rajyam heroine has been asked in 2012 is 'have you really quit acting'.While the media, fans and the industry have been waiting eagerly to hear from Nayan about her decision, she's surprisingly kept silent. The actress was in Hyderabad recently for the 100-day function of her film, where she played the role of Sita. While this was rumoured to be her swan song, there has been no confirmation from Nayan's side.A source says, \"Nayan was in Hyderabad for not just the film's event but also a few other public appearances. While she posed graciously to the many shutterbugs who wanted her photograph, she informed the people that she wouldn't answer any questions related to her career or personal life. And when she was questioned about them, she just moved away from the scene much to the bewilderment of those around.\"Meanwhile, Ram Gopal Varma and a couple of other Tollywood filmmakers have showed interest in casting her in their projects. While Nagarjuna wanted Nayan to reprise her role of Sita in RGV's adaptation of Ramayana, which is speculatively titled Raavan, she was also offered to do the Munni Badnaam... act in Gabbar Singh, the Telugu remake of Dabangg.With Prabhu Deva busy filming his Bollywood flick Rowdy Rathore starring Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha that should keep him busy for the next few months, it isn't clear if the couple is looking towards tying the knot anytime soon either. With time on her hand and filmmakers still wanting to cast her, it needs to be seen if Nayan will indeed change her decision and act. As of now, our guess is as good as yours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11417633", "title": "Karnataka plans teaching Gita in schools", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Sunday announced that the government was considering introducing the Bhagavad Gita in primary and secondary schools after seeking public opinion.\"Before introducing the Gita in schools, the government will have a thorough discussion with a cross-section of society. We don't want any controversy in this regard,\" Gowda told reporters on the sidelines of Bhagavad Gita Abhiyan organised by various religious mutts here.\"The Bhagavad Gita doesn't belong to a particular religion or a sect as its teachings are universal. It aims at refining mankind and other religions have appreciated its philosophical teachings,\" Gowda said.He expressed confidence that all sections of people would agree to the government's proposal to include the Gita in school syllabus. \"It is already being taught in Madhya Pradesh,\" he added.In July last year, primary and secondary education minister Visveshwara Hegde Kageri announced that the Gita would be taught in schools in Kolar and the minister's remarks drew sharp criticism. Kageri remained unfazed by the opposition and remarked that those opposing the government initiative should leave the country and maintained that nobody could find anything wrong with the teaching of the Gita.The opposition Congress and Janata Dal(S) had objected to his remarks and dubbed the move as an attempt to saffronise education by the RSS lobby in BJP .In August, a petition challenging the state government's circular on teaching of the Gita in schools was filed in the Karnataka high court. But the court disposed of the petition after the government said the Bhagavad Gita programme was neither sponsored nor funded by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11420812", "title": "A day with vice-chancellor", "text": "Delhi University (DU) is offering a one-day internship to its undergraduate students at the vice-chancellor's office. A brainchild of Dinesh Singh, VC, DU, the internship is expected to be formally announced soon.\"When students enter college , they are generally focussed on academics. They do not experience life outside it, nor see the university as the organic entity that it is. We are offering this internship to enable students to understand how the university is really shaped and how it functions,\" says Singh.The internship will run for the whole year and will be open to all undergraduate students of DU. \"There will be no selection process and no student will be denied an opportunity. However , students in the third-year will be given preference since it will be their last year in the university ,\" Singh explains.In course of the internship, students will be responsible for handling administrative activities like assisting the VC in handling university files and emails ; holding meetings with the VC's team, giving ideas, suggestions, etc. \"The day will start by taking ownership of the office. As a first step, both the student and me will begin by cleaning my office and the toilet , and progress with other tasks and finish by 6 pm. I am also looking for interns who will help me write a history of the VC's office,\" informs Singh.The number of students undergoing the internship per day will not exceed three. They will receive their official attendance for the day, will be paid a stipend of Rs 250 and be awarded a certificate mentioning that they worked as an intern and the roles they played during the internship .Gaurav Chaudhary, a firstyear BA student from Hansraj College, says, \"It is an opportunity that none of us would want to miss.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11419593", "title": "Anna out of hospital, no fast for now", "text": "PUNE: Social activist Anna Hazare was discharged from Sancheti Hospital on Sunday morning. He had been in the hospital since December 31 and was being treated for chest congestion and weakness. The activist said he would go back to Ralegaon Siddhi and rest for a month, on the advice of his doctors.He said that he was better but still felt a little weak. Asked about the agitation he was to lead in five poll-bound states, Hazare said: \"I will decide about that once my health is fine. This is not a movement of a month or two, it will go on for years.\" He added that the fight against corruption would continue.He refused to take questions on the anti-corruption movement, and said that he would speak only after he had recovered completely.Asked if he would consider changing his team after charges of corruption were leveled against several members, he refused to comment.\"I have not been in touch with the outside world for eight days,\" was all he said.Orthopaedic surgeon Parag Sancheti, who has been treating Hazare, reiterated that the activist should not undertake any more fasts. \"I have strictly advised him not to go on fasts any more,\" Sancheti said on Sunday.Hazare has been advised to concentrate on his health, and eat nutritiously. He will be administered anti-biotics and Vitamin D and will be under observation for a month, Sancheti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11419712", "title": "'India is my country's grandmother'", "text": "JAIPUR: Calling India as a country of light, wisdom and knowledge, Kamla Persad Bissessar, Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago (TT) and the chief guest of the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas 2012, said they call Trinidad and Tobago our mother but India is our grandmother, alluding to the great love her country has for India.Speaking at the inaugural session on Sunday, she said there has been a surge in interest in India in her country recently because of good diplomatic relations, frequent cultural visits and technical and academic cooperation between the two nations.She greeted the audience by saying sitaram, explaining it as the salutation used in her country just like ram ram is used in India. She further said the \"large Indo-Trinidadian community continues to uphold the cultural heritage of their east-Indian forefathers who travelled to Trinidad and Tobago as indentured labourers in 1845\".However, it is not just the customs, ceremonies, dress, names and cultural legacy that the Indians impacted but Indianness is entrenched in the Trinbagonian culture, Bissessar revealed. \"Children of all races and religions there light diyas on Diwali, just as they dance to the beat of a tassa drum and rhythm of Trinidad's own hybrid chutney soca beat,\" said Bissessar.Talking about the closely-intertwined histories of the two nations, she remembered Inderjit Bahadursingh from Trinidad and Tobago who studied at Oxford University along with Jawaharlal Nehru and participated in the Indian Independence struggle. Later, he served in the Indian foreign services in independent India and went as ambassador to several countries.She said Trinidad and Tobago boast of great opportunities for Indian entrepreneurs and investors. \"With 100 years of experience in oil exploration and our technological knowledge of gas monetization, the two nations can develop a strong partnership to assist emerging oil and gas nations in the south.\"Applauding the Indian diaspora's contribution to the socio-economic development of India and the sense of cooperation and unity that the event underscores, she urged the government of India to hold a Pravasi meet in the Caribbean as well, for which she pledged complete support. It will become a type of pilgrimage that combines tourism, education and business development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423895", "title": "Care for your skin after the holidays", "text": "Skin care after the holidays is equally important. Let's take a look at some of the problems which we usually tend to suffer and how to cure them.Get rid of the tan Tanning is most common when you've been away from home. Apply a face mask which is ideally made to remove tans. If you are weary of using this, you can prepare a face mask specially to remove tan; comprising yoghurt, turmeric and honey. Holiday takes a toll on your skin, so start with a hydrating mask.Acne Eating out and exposure to the sun often leaves us with acne to suffer after the holidays are over. To treat them, apply a paste of sandalwood powder and rose water or aloe vera gel.Dark circles Though we associate holidays with rest, it ends up being a hectic one with different places to visit and lack of sleep. Get enough rest after you are back and place cucumber pieces on your eyes to treat the dark circles.Dehydration You've been on alcohol and caffeine during your holidays, and this leaves you with a dry and dull skin. To treat the dryness, apply almond paste on your skin. Drink at least 8-10 glasses of water to take care of your system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11419154", "title": "Govt sanctions 288 posts to strengthen ATS, EOW: DGP", "text": "INDORE: In order to deal with the increasing cases of economic offences in the state, the Madhya Pradesh government has sanctioned 188 posts to beef up the anti-terrorist squad and 100 posts to beef up its state bureau for investigation of economic offenses ( EOW).This was informed by the director general of police S K Raut while talking to reporters here.Talking about new-age crimes, the DGP said that they will increase in future and the police will have to be prepared to tackle these crimes. He said that the new generation of police personnel are comfortable with technology and can handle the cyber related crimes, effectively. He also cited few examples in which cyber cell of the MP Police have achieved success. In fact, he said that the cell has solved almost all the cases, reported to it.MP Police are also quite alert to the issue of human trafficking in few districts of the state, he said adding that eight anti-trafficking squads have been constituted to deal with the problem, especially to search the missing persons.Referring to the traffic problem, he said that actions have taken in this regard and sought help of all the departments including the municipal corporation and PWD in it. Police will take the help of technology to deal with the problem, he added.The DGP further said that proposal for increasing the amount of challans has also been sent to the government. Talking about the improving the image of police among public, he said that the department was working in this regard to do the needful.MP Police are also quite alert to the issue of human trafficking in few districts of the state, he said adding that eight anti-trafficking squads have been constituted to deal with the problem, especially to search the missing persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11417618", "title": "Vizag to operate intl flights soon", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Visakhapatnam airport is all set to operate international flight services in a couple of months. Air India has finalised to operate its flight to Dubai from March 27. Air India would commence bookings shortly for the Vizag-Hyderabad-Dubai service and the return flight, Air Travellers Association of India Vizag president D Varada Reddy said.Dubai-bound passengers can complete their customs and immigration formalities at the airport. Also, 10 more domestic services would be introduced from Vizag to various destinations in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11416610", "title": "Now, Congress faces Pawar problem over civic polls", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when it is already struggling to cope with a truculent ally in the Trinamool Congress , the Congress is faced with a fresh headache. Nationalist Congress Party president and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Sunday issued an ultimatum in the row over an alliance for the crucial Bombay Municipal Corporation polls, forcing chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to rush to New Delhi for deliberations with his party's high command.This came even as Congress MP Gurudas Kamat diluted his stand against the budding alliance that seeks to dethrone the Shiv Sena-BJP from the richest municipal corporation in the country.At the heart of the political gamesmanship is the NCP's demand to contest 65 seats in the 232-member (five are nominated) BMC, far more than the 50-odd seats that the Congress is willing to yield. With Chavan making the February 16 civic polls a prestige issue, the Maratha strongman, emboldened by the NCP's strong show in the recent municipal council polls across the state, is trying to squeeze the last seat from the Congress. The Congress won 83 seats and the NCP 19 in the last elections held in 2007. The Shiv Sena , with 85, and the BJP with 29 seats, managed to wrest power, while the NCP-Congress poll alliance came unstuck thanks to a dispute over a single seat.Addressing a party workers' rally in Mumbai on Sunday, Pawar asked the Congress to make its stand clear by Monday evening, failing which he would not hesitate to ask his workers to contest the polls independently. \"Either the Congress makes up its mind on contesting the polls jointly by Monday or we go alone. In the 2007 BMC polls, there was no agreement till the last moment. As a result, both the parties had to pay a heavy price. Now, I feel that decision on an alliance should be taken quickly to avoid confusion among party workers,'' Pawar said.Justifying his party's demand for 65 seats, Pawar said that between 2007 and 2012 there had been a change in the political situation, particularly in favour of the NCP. \"Now, we have more legislators and an MP too,\" he said, adding, \"Compared to the NCP, the Congress is no doubt an important and bigger political party, but at the same time it should not take the NCP for granted.''Rattled by Pawar's ultimatum, Chavan said he was sure that an agreement would be reached between the two parties on seat-sharing. \"I discussed the issue with my party MPs, legislators and senior office-bearers. I am positive on contesting the polls with the NCP. Since there is pressure on both the political parties, the chances of an alliance are good and I am confident that the row will be resolved amicably. We are in the process of meeting NCP leaders either on Monday or Tuesday,'' Chavan told TOI.On his visit to New-Delhi , Chavan denied that it was prompted by Pawar's ultimatum. \"My visit to New Delhi was planned. I have some official meetings there and I will be back on Monday. We will then resume negotiations,'' Chavan said. However, sources maintained that the final decision on an alliance would be taken in Delhi.On Sunday, Chavan had prolonged meetings with Congress MPs Sanjay Nirupam, Milind Deora, Gurudas Kamat, Eknath Gaikwad and Priya Dutt on sharing of seats and drawing up a strategy for the civic polls. \"Everyone has given us their views and we feel that now there are fewer hurdles for sharing of seats,'' Chavan said.MPCC president Manikrao Thakre and his Mumbai counterpart Kripa Shankar Singh too endorsed Chavan's view saying that in the ultimate process, they were sure of an alliance with the NCP. \"We are determined to dislodge the Sena-BJP from the BMC. Though there are some disputes on sharing of seats, we expect to resolve them amicably,'' Thakre said.On the deadline set by Pawar, Thakre said he too had seen his statement on the electronic media, but he felt that in any crucial political process, some more time would have to be given for deliberations. \"We are keen for a quick settlement. We are meeting on Monday and Tuesday to try and reach an agreement. Let us hope that it will be resolved amicably,'' he said.A senior Congress minister said the demand by the NCP for 65 seats appeared to be unrealistic. \"In the 2002 civic polls, the NCP's total strength on the basis of first, second and third position was 50, while in 2007, it drastically reduced to 34. Now it is demanding 65 seats. We have indicated that the Congress is prepared to share between 45 and 55 seats, but so far the NCP has not made its mind known. We can't grant them 65 seats, they will have to reduce their demand reasonably,'' he said.In a related development, Congress MP Gurudas Kamat, who had strongly opposed an alliance with the NCP, on Sunday diluted his stand saying that only if there was a reasonable demand should the Congress join hands with the NCP. Kamat could not be reached for comment, but senior leaders who attended the CM's meeting confirmed his statement. Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam strongly advocated the case for an alliance with NCP. \"If our aim is to dislodge the saffron combine from the BMC, then we must contest the polls with the NCP,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411921", "title": "Madhavan, Bipasha play break up experts in Jodi Breakers", "text": "There are counsellors who discourage separation and help reconcile troubled couples. They play the role of mediators, resolving differences between warring jodis. But in the film \"Jodi Breakers\", Madhavan and Bipasha Basu play experts who help people break up!Together on screen for the first time, Maddy and Bips play break-up specialists who guarantee quick and final freedom to their clients. \"Jodi Breakers\" is a cheeky entertainer that takes a look at dysfunctional romantic relationships. It's the treatment and the characters that make all the difference, say its makers.The duo solve outrageous cases with a touch of humour. Director Ashwini Chaudhary says, \"Besides Madhavan and Bipasha, I have an interesting ensemble cast comprising Omi Vaidya, Milind Soman, Dipannita and Mrinalini Sharma, apart from the ever graceful Helen, weaving their charm on screen in this film.\" Madhavan adds, \"I loved shooting for the film and have had the best time so far. Bipasha was full of life and fun to be with. \"Jodi Breakers\" has been my most memorable film and I'll miss the people associated with it.\" Bipasha echoes a similar sentiment. She says, \"\"Jodi Breakers\" is a unique romantic comedy. Madhavan's pairing with me might make the film unusual, yet we share perfect chemistry on screen.\"The film is slated to hit theatres on February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417448", "title": "Congress leaders spar over Naidu\u2019s T yatra", "text": "HYDERABAD: Protesting the preventive arrest of students and Telangana protagonists during TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu's recent tour to Warangal, Rajya Sabha MP V Hanumantha Rao on Sunday shot off letters to chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and deputy chief minister D Raja Narasimha questioning the rationale behind giving permission to Naidu's tour in the 'tense' region.\"I am surprised at the extraordinary police protection given to Naidu all along the tour. Where is the need for permitting a tour when the district SP informed Naidu that the situation was not conducive? It will send a wrong message to party activists as well as to the people of Telangana,\" Hanumantha Rao stated in the letter.\"It is sad that Telangana protagonists were beaten up for trying to raise their voice in support of a separate state. I will bring this issue to the notice of party president Sonia Gandhi as the CM's actions could result in lot of damage to the party in the region,\" he said.On the contrary, another Congress MP, Lagadapati Rajagopal, came out in open support of Naidu's tour to Warangal. \"Every citizen is entitled to move around anywhere in the state without restrictions. It is not right for anyone to stop opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu's Warangal tour. It is the duty of the state to provide protection when the situation is volatile. The state will provide security even to YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy during his tour to Nizamabad.\"Congress MP Sarve Satyanaryana, too, came out in support of the police cover for Naidu during the Warangal tour. \"Everyone in the state is entitled to protection, be it a ruling party leader, an opposition leader or even a common man,\" he said.Taking a dig at KCR for threatening another round of agitation after Sankranti, he said no one would be cowed down by such threats. He questioned the \"dual stand\" taken by Jaganmohan on his Odarpu yatra. \"Why is he not taking up the yatra in Telangana region and consoling the martyrs' families?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11418714", "title": "Woman found hanging in slum", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police found the body of a woman hanging from the ceiling of her room at Sitapur slum, under Kharvel Nagar police station, on Sunday. Though the deceased Sanjukta Swain's family members said she committed suicide, some neighbours said she was murdered.Police sent her body for an autopsy.\"We have also detained her husband Basant and are questioning him,\" a police officer said.Neighbours said it was a murder stemming from family feud. \"We suspect he lynched his wife. The couple indulged in a tiff late on Saturday night. In a fit of rage, Basant hit his wife with a wooden plank, leading to her death,\" a neighbour said.Marital discord had recently claimed yet another woman in the city. In another unfortunate incident in the city, a man allegedly killed his two-year-old son by throwing him into a well, hours after picking a fight with his wife in Salia Sahi slum, under Nayapally police station, on January 3. The killer, Jaykrushna Sahoo, was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422336", "title": "Samsung launches Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus in India", "text": "Korean giant Samsung has quietly refreshed its tablet line-up in India with the launch of a 7-inch Android Honeycomb tablet, Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus aka GT-P6200.Measuring 193.65 x 122.37 x 9.96mm, Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus weighs 345 grams. Powered by 1.2 GHz dual-core processor, the tablet features a 7-inch capacitive touchscreen (1024x600 pixels resolution), 3 megapixel camera with 720p video recording, 2 megapixel front facing camera, 1GB RAM and 16GB built-in storage expandable up to 32GB via microSD card.For connectivity, the tablet supports Wi-Fi, EDGE, accelerometer, gyroscopic sensor, GPS and 3G. The Galaxy Tab 7.0 also features Samsung's TouchWiz UI (user interface) and comes with Samsung apps like Social Hub, Music Hub and Readers Hub. The tablet's battery promises up to 20 hours of talktime and 41 hours of standby time.Mumbai-based retailer Mahesh Telecom and online shopping site flipkart.com are selling the tablet for Rs 26,499.Last year in November, Samsung launched Galaxy Note in India, a hybrid between a smartphone and a tablet. With Galaxy Note, Samsung aims to target users who want both a smartphone and a tablet but do not want to invest in both.Samsung Galaxy Note runs on Android 2.3 Gingerbread, sports a 5.3-inch Super AMOLED screen and comes with a capacitive stylus called S Pen. It is powered by a 1.4 GHz dual-core processor. There's an 8 megapixel rear and 2 megapixel front camera. The smartphone comprises 16GB internal memory, expandable upto 32 GB with a microSD card slot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11419006", "title": "'Trinidad is our mother, but India is the grandmom'", "text": "JAIPUR: If India is today a loveable grandma to the millions of people of Indian origin (PIO) living in the West Indies, Guyana , Fiji , Mauritius and other countries, Kolkata certainly has a role to play. It was from the Kolkata port that nearly 148,000 indentured labourers sailed for Trinidad and Tobago between 1845 and 1917. And they certainly did well for themselves. One of their descendents is Kamla Persad Bissessar, the prime minister of Trinidad and Tobago, who was the chief guest at the inaugural session of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas conclave on Sunday. The conclave is being held in Jaipur.\"I am a grandmother myself and know the relation that children usually share with their grandmoms. Trinidad and Tobago will always remain our mother but India is our grandmother. It was from here that people travelled to, worked and settled down in Trinidad and Tobago. There was no social networking sites in those days. People just sailed with Bhagavad Gitas and Korans clutched in their fists. Even today, we celebrate Diwali and Holi in Trinidad and Tobago. The people there still dance to the beat of the 'tasha' as they do to local instruments,\" said Bissessar, quoting lines from Gandhi and Tagore.Sources said that Bissessar has plans to visit Kolkata where a memorial has been built for those who sailed to foreign shores and settled there, bringing about agricultural and overall socio-economic development. The Kolkata Memorial was inaugurated on January 11, 2011, at the Kidderpore Depot by Vayalar Ravi , minister of overseas affairs. Since then, the structure has been a must see for PIOs visiting India. A large number of them were present in Jaipur on Sunday when Bissessar delivered her address.\"We certainly know of Calcutta. That is the place from where our ancestors left India. It is from Kolkata that our ancestors set sail. My granny would give a vivid description of their arrival to the big city, from their village, for the onward voyage across the seas. I can't trace the village in Bihar where my grandparents came from but Calcutta is certainly worth a visit,\" said a delegate from Trinidad and Tobago. It is another matter altogether that there is no participation from West Bengal in the conclave. States like Bihar and Jharkhand are participating though and are also holding separate sessions.The day also saw minister for overseas Indian affairs Valayar Ravi assuring the audience that measures would be taken to protect rights of Indian workers working abroad. There is good news for workers from West Bengal who work under terrible conditions abroad. In the recent past, there have been several complaints from family members of such workers. The body of one worker from Howrah lay in a morgue in the United Arab Emirates for a month as his employers wouldn't take the responsibility of sending it back home. It took Ravi's intervention to bring the body back to Howrah.\"There are five million Indian workers employed abroad. Nearly 40% of the country's total remittance comes from them. We are also taking steps to protect their labour rights and prevent the exploitation of women. Even the International Labour Organisation (ILO) has drawn our attention to these problems. We have drawn out bilateral agreements with several countries and set up Indian Community Welfare Funds under the control of the embassies. These funds are to be utilized for food, shelter and legal assistance to the workers. We have also set up a Indian Workers' Resource Centre in Abu Dhabi where all job contracts will be recorded. More such centres will come up in other countries,\" Ravi said.Trinidad and Tobago will always remain our mother but India is our grandmother. Even today, we celebrate Diwali and Holi in Trinidad and Tobago. The people there still dance to the beat of the 'tasha' as they do to local instruments", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418582", "title": "'China did not expect India to give up so easily in 1962'", "text": "NAGPUR: China did not expect India to give in so easily in the 1962 war, so much so that the People's Liberation Army (PLA) overran Indian posts and reached deep into Tezpur in the plains of Assam, said Colonel (retd) Abhay Patwardhan. He was delivering a lecture as part of a series organized at the Dharampeth College of Arts.Even fifty years after the war, scars of the debacle remain fresh and the ex-serviceman came up with some rare declassified documents related to the war. Addressing a small audience of mainly senior citizens, Colonel Patwardhan showed a letter citing an admission by then Chinese Premier Chou En-lai to a veteran journalist. Chou En-lai had gone on record saying Chinese leaders were surprised at the feeble resistance of the Indian Army.Patwardhan, now a defence analyst, also showed a telegram shot off to US President John F Kennedy by Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru , in which the latter pleaded for more help from the superpower. As the PLA was over running post after post, Nehru sent the frantic cable depicting the situation and asked for jet fighters and transport planes to stem the Chinese tide.Nehru's telegram mentions India was grateful for the help it earlier received from the US. He says that Bomdila, the headquarters of North Easter Frontier Agency (NEFA), was already surrounded by the Chinese and Indian forces amounting to two divisions (18 infantry battalions) were fighting a grim battle. Nehru had expressed uncertainty about how many of them would be able to find their way back safely to the Corps headquarters in Tezpur. Nehru added for emphasis that the Chinese forces were heading toward Leh and there was nothing to stop them after that.Patwardhan brought memories of the war alive with his presentation to an audience that might have only heard radio broadcasts as teenagers as that time. A 1971 war veteran himself, Patwardhan was 15 years old at the time. He also showed a picture depicting an Indian jawan cooking in a makeshift kitchen, showing how the Army was low on rations besides other equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418697", "title": "Gondwana Club All-India tennis starts today", "text": "NAGPUR: After the final qualifying rounds, eight players including top seed Abhijit Tiwari and second seed Arjun Singh registered convincing victories to seal their places in the main draw of the Gondwana Club All-India ranking men's tennis tournament at their Seminary Hills courts here on Sunday.The main draw matches will commence on Monday at 8am.While top seed Tiwari of Chhattisgarh defeated Rohit Sarwate of Andhra Pradesh 6-4, 6-2, Delhi-based Arjun Singh prevailed over Sunny Dahiya from Haryana 6-1, 6-4. Four Maharashtra players with victories in contrasting fashion too entered the main draw.Apart from the 8 qualifiers, the three lucky losers that made it to the main draw of 32 players from across the country included Abhilash Shrivastava, Sunny Dahiya and Jatin Dahiya.For the four-day tourney, Delhi's Kunal Anand has been given the top billing, while Shabaz Khan of Maharashtra will be the second seed. City's promising star 14-year-old Mohammad Vali and 25-year-old Amber Tripathi have been given wild card entries into the main draw.RESULTS (qualifying round)Abhijeet Tiwari (CG) bt Rohit Sarwate (AP) 6-4, 6-2; Arjun Singh (Dlh) bt Sunny Dhaiya (Har) 6-1, 6-4, Fahad Mohammad (TN) bt Utsarg Grover (Mah) 6-2, 6-3; Deepindra Bains (Pnj) bt Abhilash Srivastav (UP) 6-2, 6-2; Archit Jain (Dlh) bt Anurudha Rawat (Dlh) 6-4, 6-3; Suraj Beniwal (Har) bt PS Sooryaprasath (Mah) 6-1, 6-2; Rohit Bisht (Dlh) bt Jatin Dhaiya (Dlh) 6-3, 6-1; Siddesh Khade (Mah) bt Vikram Naidu (Kar) 6-1, 3-6, 6-4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11419620", "title": "Pune sways as Shaan calls the tune", "text": "PUNE: People who left the amphitheatre of Amanora Park Town on Sunday night wore a rapturous expression. They looked like having gone through a musical joyride that only one musician could offer: Shantanu Mukherjee aka Shaan. The singer took the stage on the second night of the Times Pune Festival and left the fans screaming for more as he belted out numbers that represented sheer passion and boundless energy.The amphitheatre pulsated with a flurry of lights - red, yellow, green and blue - each complimenting the man who had conquered the stage. For the next oneand-a-half hour, Shaan virtually owned the stage.\"Another year gone by. 2011 was the year of the common man. One man stood up for a country-wide cause. I hear he is all right and recuperating in a hospital in Pune,\" he said, alluding to social crusader Anna Hazare , who was discharged from a city-based hospital on Sunday.Shaan breezed through the first number of the night, 'Behati Hawa Sa', the song that boasts of wistful melody and an indubitable musical arrangement. \"Pune is growing at an unprecedented pace, with all the wonderful places it has to its credit. Let us all celebrate the New Year here tonight, hoping that 2012 turns out to be a very good year,\" said Shaan.'Main Hu Don', an up tempo beauty, then took the mood several notches higher. The song began with a deceivingly dark tune before kicking into full gear, its distinct guitar strains and foot-tapping rhythm intoxicating the evening air. This was followed by 'I Love You', a melodious paean of admiration from Bollywood extravaganza, 'Bodyguard', sung by a lover who confesses his affection to his beloved under a starry sky.\"This is for all those who are feeling a little low in life. Life will always give us another chance. This song is therefore to give them a little push,\" said Shaan, who invited the audience to loosen up and applaud each moment of life with 'Let it Be', a carefree and buoyant number, sprinkled with diverse drum beats and tuneful vocals.The eclectic singer then unwound the magic of first love, with an infectiously warm 'Jab Se Tere Naina'. \"This number from the film 'Saanwaria' is dedicated to my brother and his wife, who recently shifted to Pune,\" he added.Shaan then launched on a harmonious and reverent exploration of Kishore Kumar's Marathi hit, 'Ashwani ye na'. It was at this point that the venue glistened with a life of its own, as Shaan fans screamed as loudly as they could. \"Kishore da sang this in his 50s but his energy in the song is just amazing.\" He also conjured up a delightful version of Dada Kondke's 'Hil Pori Hila', much to the amazement of the cheering multitudes.\"Shaan's multifaceted disposition has had music aficionados eating out of his hands. Ever since he hit the music scene by remixing antiquities such as 'Chura Liya Hai' and 'Roop Tera Mastana', I have been hooked. Then he ably transitioned from singing these peppy numbers to churning out musical gems such as 'Tanha Dil' and 'Chand Sifarish'. This speaks volumes about the myriad roles this musician can slip into so dexterously,\" said Krish M, a member of the audience.Up next was 'Main Aisa Kyoon Hu', an unfailing track from 'Lakshya' and the m i s ch i evo u s number 'Partner', from the film of the same name, which left the audience in a fit of elation.Chirag Jain, another member of the audience, loved how Shaan tantalized Pune with a little Marathi. \"I loved him singing in Marathi. Very few artistes can do this impromptu before thousands, especially if Marathi is not their mother tongue. I love his mature and energetic choice of songs.\"Shaan then packed in another one of his eternal hits, 'O Hum Dum', from the film 'Saathiaya', performing it to infallible perfection.\"I have rarely seen musicians who have the ability to enter the stage and then own it the way Shaan does. His energy is infectious,\" said Kiran Narula, another member of the audience.(Marriott Pune Hotel &amp; Convention Centre is the hospitality partner for the Times Pune Festival while Radio Mirchi is the radio partner)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11418065", "title": "4 injured in Peenya LPG cylinder blast", "text": "BANGALORE: Three members of a family including an eight-year-old girl and a woman sustained burns after a blaze was sparked off by an LPG cylinder explosion around 6am on Sunday at the family's residence on 11th Cross, Bhuvaneshwari Nagar off Tumkur Road.Vasanth Kumar, his wife V Vanitha, their daughter V Sneha and their neighbour, identified as Kamalamma, are the injured.The three family members are undergoing treatment at Victoria Hospital.Vanitha sustained about 60 per cent burns and her condition is said to be critical.Vasanth is said to have sustained about 50 per cent and his daughter about 30 per cent burns, said the Peenya police who have registered a case.According to investigating officials, the blast was so devastating that Kamalamma's legs were burnt, even when she was in an adjacent room. She was undergoing treatment at a private hospital.According to a statement by Vasanth, the accident occurred when Vanitha woke up around 6am and switched on the lights. She was unaware that the gas had leaked through the entire house. It could have happened either because the regulator was not turned off or due to a faulty gas pipe.In the second fire accident, waste material was gutted in an accidental blaze on the premises of Indo-Nippon Mannequins factory near Hennur Bande on Hennur Main Road on Sunday around 11 am.The waste material had been dumped after the production process. Three fire tenders were pressed into service to douse the fire. The reason for the blaze is yet to be ascertained but there was no property damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11420803", "title": "No re-evaluation in Delhi University from 2013", "text": "Delhi University (DU) is planning to 'scrap' the reevaluation system from 2013. An official of the examination department of DU says, \"As per the Supreme Court judgement of August 2011, it is the prerogative of the examining body whether to extend the facility of re-evaluation or not. Despite the judgement, we have been carrying out the process of re-evaluation for the benefit of students.\"However, after scrapping the re-evaluation system, the university will still continue with 'rechecking' of the answer scripts. According to inside sources, while in re-evaluation the answer script of a student is evaluated all over again by the examiner , 're-checking' would imply that the examiner only re-totals the marks in the answer sheet.If the university 'scraps' the re-evaluation system, it is likely to create other alternatives for the benefit of students. \"To start with, we will get every answer script corrected by at least two examiners for an error-free result ,\" explains a DU official on condition of anonymity.However, SK Kaushik, faculty of maths at Kirori Mal College, says, \"The re-evaluation system is unique and should be continued . Being a part of the examination checking team, I know that teachers who check papers can make a mistake. If the re-evaluation system is scrapped, students will suffer and there can be no equal alternative.\" Jitender Chaudhary, a secondyear student of Buddhist study, DU says, \"The re-evaluation system is important for students. Without it, how do we redress our issues?\"Pankaj Garg, faculty of maths in Rajdhani College says, \"The re-evaluation system should be continued because it is important for students. DU can cut its expenses in other ways by streamlining the whole re-evaluation system. Instead of sending the copies to examiners at various centres, for example, DU should request teachers to convene at the examination branch and get the copies re-evaluated there. In addition to saving time, the additional cost for sending copies to so many examiners will also be saved in this way.\"Considering the fact that around 45 lakh re-evaluation applications are received every year, Ajay Chikara, president, Delhi University Students Union (DUSU), feels that scrapping of the system will be disadvantageous for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419686", "title": "Garment employee ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: A 23-year-old woman was found hanging from the roof of her residence in Gubbalala, near Talaghattapura of Ramanagara district on Sunday . The deceased, N Ramya, took the extreme step at her residence located near Gubbalala church.The incident came to light when a neighbour knocked on the locked door around 2 pm. Ramya was working at a garment factory and is survived by h u s b a n d Narasimhamurthy and an eight-month-old baby girl. As Ramya had not left behind a suicide note, police could not identify the exact reason that drove her to end her life.But police strongly suspect that Ramya was depressed after she learnt that Narasimhamurthy had married another woman. \"Ramya married him a year back and recently learnt that he has another wife. The couple often fought over the issue,\" police said. Police are looking for Narasimhamurthy, also a garment factory employee, who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417911", "title": "Laws lax, bail norm in accident cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunday's high-speed crash that left an auto driver dead has again put into focus the law's casual approach towards wilful traffic offenders.A driver who kills while speeding, or under the influence of alcohol, has little to fear. Bail is easily granted in such cases and even the licence is not suspended. The accused in Sunday's crash, who is charged with both speeding and being under the influence, got bail in the evening.While 2,960 people were given jail terms in the city for drunk driving last year, experts say not even 1% of drunk drivers involved in accidents get to spend a night in jail. Data from Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training - an independent research body - shows India has one of the highest accident rates but minimal conviction. Court delays make it easy for witnesses to disappear, or turn hostile.The accused easily get away when charged (in the absence of a suitable law) with 'culpable homicide not amounting to murder' (Section 304-II of IPC) as proving this charge is almost impossible. The prosecution has to prove that the driver had the intention to kill.Twelve lives were lost in nine such major accidents in the last two years. Most of these accidents happened in the south district police area, at places like RK Puram, Safdarjung Airport flyover, Andrews Ganj and Vasant Kunj. \"In all these cases, the accused were arrested 15 hours later, leaving no scope for a blood test to determine drunkenness,\" said a senior retired Delhi Police officer, who headed the traffic police for years.In each case, the area police had excuses for the delay, ranging from time needed to identify vehicle owners, to establishing the identity of the actual driver. It is another matter that cops were present at the spot when almost all the occupants of a Volkswagen car that rammed into a truck at Andrews Ganj \"walked away\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419470", "title": "BSP ex-MLA Kazim Ali gets Cong ticket from Suar", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Congress on Sunday released its fifth list containing names of 62 candidates from the UP assembly election . The party tried to balance between various castes and communities besides fielding turncoats and replacing some candidates whose names were announced earlier.With this the total number of candidates announced by the Congress has reached 325. In the present list, the party has given tickets to 12 Brahmins, 11 Thakurs, 13 Dalits, 14 other backward classes (OBC), a Vaish and a Sikh. The number of OBCs is more in comparison to other castes indicate that Congress is focusing on most backward classes and non-Yadav OBCs, which has not been its traditional vote bank. Union minister Beni Prasad Verma, friend-turned-foe of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , is said to be the reason behind party's focus on OBCs.Verma also has chief ministerial aspirations. OBCs constitute around 30% population of the state and play crucial role in around 200 constituencies .At the same time, Congress is trying not to antagonise other castes, hence the party distributed tickets to other castes and communities as well. Muslims, Brahmin, Thakurs and Dalits have been traditional voters of Congress. However, post-Mandal and Mandir movement, upper castes moved towards BJP and dalits became vote bank of BSP. Similarly, Muslims tied knot with SP.However, in 2009, Congress got substantial votes of Muslims, dalits and upper castes, leading to revival of the party in UP. It won 22 seats in comparison to 10 in 2004, and now it is trying to woo Thakurs and OBCs. The party has also entered into an alliance with RLD to get Jat votes in the west UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11419715", "title": "This surgery has little pain, less complications", "text": "PUNE: Saroj (40), a homemaker, learned about a big fibroid in her uterus. She had been feeling tired, and the family doctor had diagnosed her condition as anaemia.But when it came to hysterectomy, Saroj was anxious as she was advised to undergo an abdominal operation with prior blood transfusions which would have kept her away from any activity for six weeks, besides a scar on her tummy postsurgery.That was when Saroj opted for vaginal hysterectomy called biclamp painless hysterectomy, where she did not need blood transfusion. She was discharged after 24 hours of the procedure. She went back to an active life within seven days.In this hysterectomy the uterus is surgically removed through the vagina. One or both ovaries and fallopian tubes may be removed during the procedure as well. Such a surgery is called bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy.The method, according to experts, is a technically feasible and safer alternative to the traditional approach. Blood loss and need for pain medication is less in the newer approach. Several therapeutic options exist to avoid hysterectomy, but some need to undergo this operation when such options fail.\"Painless hysterectomy has been available to women in Europe. It is now available for women in Pune as well,\" said vaginal surgeon Pankaj Sarode who trained in Germany and has performed 75 such operations at various city hospitals in the last eight months.\"It allows patients to go home within 24 hours. There are no cuts so it is painless and a boon for women with hypertension, diabetes and obesity. Since abdominal incisions are avoided, subsequent complications are avoided as well. It works well for working women who cannot go on long leave,\" Sarode said.Anaesthesia consultant Sumit Lad said, \"We use regional anaesthesia for all painless hysterectomies. The entire procedure takes about 25-40 minutes. So, all complications of prolonged general anaesthesia, such as respiratory depression, post-operative nausea, post-operative pneumonia, aspiration are avoided. The patient is awake and conscious throughout procedure. Post-operative analgesia demand by patients is practically nil.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417154", "title": "City SP to probe charges against Gardanibagh SHO", "text": "PATNA: SSP Alok Kumar has directed City SP Kim to carry out an investigation into the alleged misbehaviour of Gardanibagh police station SHO Nityanand Shukla during a musical programme held at the Sanjay Gandhi Mini Stadium on Saturday night.The SSP said that the organizer of the programme, Youthlink, had taken permission to hold the programme till 8 pm. The organizer was asked to stop the programme as their programme continued even after the allotted time. \"Whatever allegations are being levelled against the SHO would come to the fore during the investigation,\" Kumar added.Youthlink head Nabeel said that the organization had taken permission to hold the programme from 4.30 pm to 8 pm. He said that the programme started at around 6 pm. \"At around 8 pm, the local police asked us to stop the programme saying the time has lapsed,\" he said and added that he contacted the local police station and sought 30 minutes more time to conclude the function.\"We got the permission from the local police,\" he said and added that at around 8.45 pm, the SHO reached the spot and allegedly misbehaved with the entire band group and singer Palash Sen also. \"The SHO used abusive language and shouted at us,\" Nabeel alleged and said that the programme was abruptly stopped.However, Shukla denied having misbehaved with the band group. \"I was standing at the venue and when the organizer exceeded the permitted time, I requested him to stop the programme and it was stopped,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11421841", "title": "SRK, Salman and Kareena Kapoor at Bollywood Business Awards", "text": "B-Town stars have earned big bucks at the box office in 2011, with hits like Bodyguard, Ready, RA.One and Don.But who's made the maximum profits? Who is the true winner in the race at the BO? The answers to these questions can be found at India's only commercially evaluated Bollywood awards by ETC Channel.Shah Rukh Khan , winner of the ETC Most Profitable Actor (Overseas) Award, says, \"It feels great to be applauded by the viewers and acknowledged by ETC Bollywood Business Awards. Allah has been very kind to me.\" Kareena Kapoor , who was judged as ETC Most Profitable Actress, adds, \"Commercial success is as important as critical success. Thank you, for appreciating and recognising my work.\"Anurag Bedi, Business Head, ETC, says, \"This initiative reiterates our commitment to Bollywood.\" The awards will be telecast tonight on ETC at 8.30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "11419230", "title": "Teacher's chain snatched", "text": "HASSAN: A schoolteacher was relieved of her mangalasutra worth Rs 1,20,000 at Rakshidi, Sakleshpur here on Saturday. K S Anitha, a teacher at the Government Primary School, Alagatti, Sakleshpur taluk, was manhandled by two unidentified boys who snatched her gold ornaments when she was returning home from school.A case has been registered in Sakleshpur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11419542", "title": "Won a case? Wait six mths for order copy", "text": "CHENNAI: For a common man fighting a motor accident claim case or a rent control case in the city, it seems winning the litigation is not as tough and frustrating as obtaining a copy of his hard-fought order.It takes not less than six months for a litigant to get a certified copy of a judgment/decree. Court officials admit that right now they are \"in the process of issuing\" copies of orders delivered in July-August 2011. Reason: \"There is only one photocopier machine for the 21 courts here - 16 Small Causes Courts and five Fast Track Courts,\" said a court employee.\"Yes, it does take about six months for the Registry to issue a certified copy of judgments. It will take you at least two months to join the 'Xerox Queue' . And it would take about four months thereafter for you to see a certified copy of the judgment/decree,\" said a lawyer specializing in motor accident claims cases.And what does the law say?According to Section 168(2) of the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 the claims tribunal should arrange to deliver copies of the award to the parties concerned \"expeditiously\" and in any case, within a period of 15 days from the date of the award.LONG WAITEven the Tamil Nadu Motor Vehicles Accidents Claim Tribunal Rules 1989 lays down similar condition. As per the Rules, the tribunal should issue copies of awards and decrees free of cost within 15 days from the date of the award.Krishnamurthy, 67, and his wife, from Nagapattinam , met with a road accident in Keelkattalai and suffered injuries. In July 2011, the tribunal awarded them 80,000 and 70,000 respectively . But till this day, they are yet to get a fair copy of the order and hence could not claim the award amount, said their counsel.Till December-end in 2011, nearly 6,000 new road accident claim cases were filed in the courts, called MCOP Tribunals, and about 3,000 rent control cases in Chennai.The Small Causes Courts 1 to 6, which handle MCOP cases exclusively, manage to dispose of anywhere between 40 to 80 cases a month. But, the problem lies in the actual delivery of the certified copies of the judgments.It is strange that the five fast track courts (FTCs), located at Singaravelar Maaligai in the collectorate campus, over a kilometer away, also stop with pronouncing judgments. \"Copies have to be collected only from the high court premises. Why can't they issue fair copies there itself. It will reduce the burden,\" said a leading accident case specialist.\"One can understand delays in litigations, given the huge volume of cases pending in subordinate courts. But, absence of enough photocopier machines is definitely not an acceptable reason for delays,\" said a senior lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417508", "title": "Anna Hazare trust accused of diverting funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Council for Advancement of People's Action and Rural Technology (Capart) had given a grant of Rs 1 lakh to Anna Hazare-led Hind Swaraj Trust (HST) for watershed development in three villages in 1999-2001 but more than 90% of the money was spent on honorarium, travelling, printing and stationery, the Supreme Court was told.Responding to a PIL filed by advocate M L Sharma alleging that large amounts of government funds were being doled out without taking proper account of utilization of grants by NGOs, Capart in an affidavit denied any wrongdoing by HST and annexed audited account for the utilization of Rs 1 lakh.In two years, the trust spent Rs 63,243 on paying honorarium, Rs 20,347.50 was accounted towards travel expenses and Rs 6,487.50 was spent on printing and stationery. This means, of Rs 1 lakh granted for watershed development in three villages, the trust spent Rs 90,078 on honorarium, travelling and printing and stationery.The CA's certificate said HST on March 23, 1999 received a grant of Rs 1 lakh from Capart and spent Rs 21,127.50 during the financial year 1999-2000. Interestingly, Rs 8,567 was paid as honorarium, Rs 1,920 on printing and stationery while Rs 10,640.50 was spent on travel. An unspent amount of Rs 78,872.50 of the grant was carried forward to the year 2000-01.Capart functions under the ministry of rural development and assists over 12,000 voluntary organizations across the country in implementing a wide range of development initiatives.Denying allegations made by Sharma in his petition, Capart said Hazare had functioned as its executive committee member, general body member, national standing committee member and chairman of regional committee, Ahmedabad.\"During the year 2001, when Hazare was the chairman of regional committee Ahmedabad of Capart, amounts (over Rs 1.5 crore) were released to various NGOs for relief work in earthquake affected areas. Hazare appears not to be associated with any of these NGOs in any manner which received grants for relief work in the earthquake affected areas in the year 2001,\" it said.Sharma had alleged in his petition that large amounts of money were doled out to NGOs but many of them were not maintaining accounts of utilization and had requested the court to order a thorough inquiry into the spending of the grants by voluntary organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11418955", "title": "Checking drive at Kanpur Central railway station", "text": "KANPUR: A massive checking drive was launched by the Railway Protection Force and Government Railway Police at Kanpur Central railway station on Sunday evening ahead of Magh Mela beginning from Monday. The authorities of RPF and GRP, on the other hand, termed it as a routine drive.The checking that commenced at 5.30 pm continued till 6.30 pm. The vigil at the railway station was upped keeping in mind the crowd. The station premises, including the circulating area, passenger waiting halls, ticket booking halls and platforms were thoroughly checked. Handheld metal detectors were used in the operation.After searching the station premises, trains and passenger luggage were also checked. The passengers were also frisked. People moving on railway platforms were asked to produce railway ticket. Those who could not show the ticket were frisked thoroughly and later released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11419174", "title": "IMC to go tough on defaulters", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC), already battling to meet the revenue collection target, has decided to act against the property tax defaulters who have not paid up their taxes till date.Despite several efforts and record tax collection in the last week of December last year, the IMC managed to collect only Rs 153 crores so far, which is about Rs 100 crore short of its set revenue target for the current fiscal.The civic body has about 3.8 lakh tax payers of which only 1.3 lakh people paid their dues yet. Mayor Krishna Murari Moghe said that officials have been instructed to recover pending dues from the people who have yet not paid their tax.\"Till now we have done a commendable job and record collection has been done in the last week of December, but this is certainly not enough. Still large numbers of people have not paid their dues,\" said Moghe adding that they are planning to recover dues from the rest of the people by the end of March.Revenue in-charge of IMC Chandu Shinde said that the tax payers, who have not paid their dues, will now have to pay 15 per cent surcharge. \"We had given a deadline of December 31 for the payment of dues and those who missed the deadline will have to make payment with surcharge,\" said Shinde adding that civic body will also initiate the process of seizure of properties on failing to pay the dues.Along with the revenue collection, mayor has also set a deadline of March 31 for the completion of first phase of sewerage project in the city. City engineer Harbhajan Singh has been instructed to complete the project on time.Meanwhile, in order to reduce congestion on roads, the IMC has decided to divide city into four zones for the removal of encroachments. Every zone will have one team comprising of 15 employees, one supervisor and one senior official. As of now IMC has only one team that looks after removal of encroachments and it was believed that this was affecting the pace of anti-encroachment drive.Along with this mayor has also set a deadline of March 31 for the construction of 100 gardens in the city, of which 50 will be completed in January itself. \"There will be one gardener each for three gardens and for the big gardens there will be team of two to three gardeners,\" said Moghe.The civic body has about 3.8 lakh tax payers of which only 1.3 lakh people paid their dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11427232", "title": "Celebs opt for optical Illusion dressing", "text": "Optical Illuison - the next big thing in Hollywood dressingBeing curvy has never been easy in terms of dressing, but being curvy in Hollywood is even harder! It seems that the actresses and starlets have figured out an alternative to the dreaded spanx. 'Optical Illusion' dresses are fast climbing up the fashion charts. 'Titanic' star Kate Winslet was the first to have been spotted wearing the dress, not one - but two times!Curvalicious Kim Kardashian soon followed her footsteps. B-wood continued the ongoing trend, with Anushka Sharma carrying the baton in India.The dress basically features a lighter coloured front (usually emphasising the chest area) - that is hour-shaped - with a black border around it. The border eventually - being darker, blends with the background. In doing so, it highlights the lighter-hour shaped outline - creating the illusion that the wearer is much thinner in appearance.The designers who first adopted these dresses into their fashion lines were These Optical-Illusion Dresses by Stella McCartney, Herve Leger, Victoria Beckham .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11417323", "title": "Woman found dead, no suicide note recovered", "text": "NOIDA: A 26-year-old woman was found dead under mysterious circumstances hanging from a ceiling fan in her residence in sector 62.The Canada-returned lawyer had been staying in Stellar Society of Noida along with her husband, who works in a law firm in sector 10. No suicide note has been recovered from the spot, police said.The police have recovered the deceased's laptop for further investigation.Inquiries and proceedings could not be carried in the case for close to 14 hours as the SDM was unavailable, sources said. The woman's body was handed over to her family after conducting the post mortem.Sources said the deceased was a relative of the owner of a noted south India based financial institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11419155", "title": "Gehlot asks for more funds for development", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday requested a financial assistance of Rs 1,92,000 crore from the Centre for the 12th Five Year Plan. The request was made to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday, who held a meeting with the state council of ministers and parliamentary secretaries at the Raj Bhavan.Addressing the meeting, the PM said that Rajasthan is one of the leading states in terms of achieving financial parameters and in achieving the targets of the 11th Five Year Plan. Deputy chairman of the Planning Commission Dr Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh were also present at the meeting.Ramesh said that under the Prime Minister Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) approval has been given for the project for construction of 3,600 kilometre-long roads in the state worth Rs 900 crore. He said the Centre has also accepted Gehlot's suggestion regarding cement concrete blocks to strengthen the internal roads in villages under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREG).The Prime Minister was briefed on the projects in the state and on the implementation of the flagship programmes of the UPA government. Gehlot once again advocated the request for special status to the desert state. He urged Singh to clear the state's long pending demand for a special package for drinking water as the state suffers from severe water crisis because of its geographical conditions.Gehlot also requested the Prime Minister to allocate coal blocks and coal linkage for the proposed power projects in the state, to start bullet train between Delhi-Jaipur, construction of Delhi-Jaipur expressway, setting up refinery in the state, increasing financial assistance for Jaipur Metro, to fast track the Ratlam-Dungarpur-Banswara rail line project and electrification of the Delhi-Ahmedabad rail route.Gehlot repeated his suggestion of Right to Shelter and said that under Total Sanitation Programme funds should be provided to construct toilets for all regardless of BPL or APL families. Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh too urged Montek Singh Ahluwalia to provide additional funds for it, said Gehlot.Gehlot also suggested that rural housing scheme should be included in MNREG and works of permanent nature should also be permitted under the scheme. He also requested that a scheme should be prepared on the line of MNREG to create employment for poor in the urban area.EOMJaipur: Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday requested a financial assistance of Rs 1,92,000 crore for the 12th five year plan of the state from the centre. The request was made to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday, who held a meeting with the state council of ministers and parliamentary secretaries at the Raj Bhavan.Addressing the meeting, Singh said that the Rajasthan is one of the leading states in terms of achieving financial parameters and in achieving the targets of the 11th Five Year Plan. Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission Dr. Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Union Minister for Rural Development Jairam Ramesh were also present for the meeting.Ramesh said under Prime Minister Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) approval has been given for the project for construction of 3600 kilometer long roads in the state worth Rs. 900 crores. He said the Centre has also accepted Gehlot's suggestion regarding cement concrete blocks to strengthen the internal roads in villages under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.The prime minister was briefed on the projects in the state and on the implementation of the flagship programmes of the UPA. Gehlot once again advocated the request for Special Status to the desert.He urged Singh to clear the state's long pending demand for a special package to Rajasthan for drinking water as the desert state suffers a severe water crisis because of its geographical conditions.Gehlot also requested the Prime Minister for allocating coal blocks and coal linkage for the proposed power projects in the state, to start Bullet Train between Delhi-Jaipur, construction of Delhi-Jaipur expressway, setting up refinery in the State, increasing financial assistance for Jaipur Metro, to fast track the Ratlam-Dungarpur-Banswara rail line project and electrification of the Delhi-Ahmedabad rail route.Gehlot repeated his suggestion of Right to Shelter and said that under Total Sanitation Programme funds should be provided to construct toilets for all regardless of BPL or APL families. Union Minister for Rural Development Jairam Ramesh too has urged Dr Montek Singh Ahluwalia to provide additional funds for it, said Gehlot.Gehlot also suggested that rural housing scheme should be included in MNREGs and works of permanent nature should also be permitted under the scheme. He also requested that a scheme should be prepared on the line of MNREGs to create employment for poor in urban area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11417490", "title": "Commuters hit by traffic at Mahamarg bus stand", "text": "NASHIK: Traffic snarls at Mahamarg bus stand have become a nightmare for commuters trying to maneouvre through Mumbai Naka to reach their destination. The everyday congestion has been throwing life out of gear for people.With an eye on the Simhastha Kumbh Mela in 2014-15, the district administration has been on an infrastructural drive to spruce up the city. After renovating the Nimani bus stand at the cost of Rs 1.25 crore, the district administration plans to develop Mahamarg bus stand. But the catch is that this bus stand falls at the merging point of Mumbai-Agra Highway and old Mumbai-Agra road, creating chaos.Mahamarg bus stand authorities said apart from at least 350 outstation buses arriving and departing from the stand daily, heavy traffic due to vehiclesar traffic on the highway add to the chaos. Experts also said that there is no scope to widen the old Mumbai-Agra road as it is surrounded by commercial complexes.Nitin Patil, who uses the old Mumbai-Agra road daily, said it was becoming increasingly difficult to commute. \"The chaos is constant at the Mahamarg Bus Stand. Every time there are buses are either entering or exiting from the stand all the time. The Mumbai-bound buses, while leaving the bus stand, take a left and within a few meters take a U-turn to cross the lane on the narrow old Mumbai-Agra Road of the city thereby obstructing traffic on both the lanes,\" he said.\"Aggravating this persistent problem is the presence of Hawkers, private buses standing nearby, kiosks and the rush of autorickshaws aggravate the problem,\" he added.The city's traffic department reckons that there is hardly any solution to this problem. and the best option is to shift the bus stand from the current location.\"The best idea is to shift the stand from the current place,\" said assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjeev Thakur.\"There is no scope to ease traffic congestion at this location since it is too overcrowded. In my view, the Mahamarg bus stand should be shifted towards Garware Point-9-10 kms from the current location. My idea is to shift all the important bus stands to the outer parts of the city to avoid the entry of outstation buses into the city. a stand for buses towards Shirdi-Sangamner can be made at Shinde Palse on Nashik Road and buses for Dhule and Jalgaon can leave from the Panchavati depotThis will be of a help for the next 25 to 30 years ,\" he added.\"My idea is to shift all the important bus stands to the outer parts of the city to avoid the entry of outstation buses into the city. While the Mahamarg Bus Stand can be shifted to a place near Garware Point on the Mumbai-Agra Highway, a stand for buses towards Shirdi-Sangamner can be made at Shinde Palse on Nashik Road and buses for Dhule and Jalgaon can leave from the Panchavati depot,\" he said.Thakur said he has also given letters to the district collector and divisional commissioner about shifting the bus stands but no decision has been taken yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11424712", "title": "Vodafone expects to triple data revenue in India", "text": "MUMBAI: Vodafone Group Plc expects to triple the share of data revenue at its Indian unit as more customers use smartphones to access the internet and download music in the world's second-largest wireless market.The contribution of data to the unit's total revenue will rise to 10 per cent in two years from about 3 per cent at the end of September, Samaresh Parida, Mumbai-based director of strategy at Vodafone India Ltd, said in a January 6 interview. Services like banking and applications to help farmers increase productivity, will help drive data use, he said.Mobile phone operators including Vodafone and Bharti Airtel Ltd are trying to boost phone bills, which averaged less than $2 last year, by pushing high-end services such as streaming video. Vodafone spent 116 billion rupees ($2.2 billion) in 2010 buying licenses for third-generation services after the entry of Norway's Telenor ASA and Japan's NTT DoCoMo Inc pushed voice-call rates to as low as a penny a minute.\"Right now the growth of data is pretty phenomenal, but it's from a very small base so we'll be pushing the throttle on growing the business in data as fast as possible,\" Parida said.First-half data revenue in India climbed 66 percent helping boost segment revenue from the South Asian nation to 2.12 billion pounds from 1.87 billion pounds a year earlier, Vodafone reported in November.'Bill shock' Persuading customers in India to use costly data services will take time, according to Sanjay Kapoor, chief executive officer for India and South Asia at Bharti Airtel, India's biggest mobile-phone company. Average revenue per global system for mobile communications, or GSM, user in India declined to 100 rupees ($1.90) at the end of March from 131 rupees a year earlier, according to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India.Bharti Airtel has introduced plans with small amounts of free data to reduce 3G \"bill shock,\" Kapoor said November 4. The plan, which provides 1.25 gigabytes of free data for a month, costs 675 rupees. Still, only a quarter of the company's 7 million 3G customers are active users. Bharti had a total of 174 million Indian subscribers at the end of October.Vodafone, which has an average of 5 to 6 megahertz of spectrum in most zones in India, compared with the 22 megahertz it holds on average in other countries, needs additional airwaves to boost its data services, according to Parida.'A curse' \"This limited spectrum is a curse to the industry,\" he said. The government needs to provide a \"spectrum roadmap\" on when new airwaves will be auctioned, Parida said. Vodafone may also consider buying competitors to increase its spectrum holding after the government eases merger and acquisition rules, he said.India's latest five-year telecommunications plan says the freeing up of spectrum for use by mobile-phone companies is a \"high priority\" and it aims to do so by 2015. The government plans to release more 4G spectrum, though an exact timeline has not been set.\"If I don't get 4G spectrum, what will I do? It's a scary thought,\" Parida said. \"But it could be real in the environment where it's not managed properly.\"India held auctions of third-generation and fourth- generation wireless spectrum in 2010, raising a combined $20 billion for the government. Vodafone bought 3G licenses in nine of India's 22 telecommunications zones.'No fun' The world's biggest mobile operator dropped out of India's 4G auction, held in May 2010, citing \"beyond rational\" bids.India's current policy also includes caps on the amount of spectrum a merged company can hold, thereby limiting the scope for operators to use acquisitions to gain airwaves. A new policy, which the government last month delayed by at least six months, could ease those rules.\"To me, customers are not the attraction,\" Parida said. \"It would be spectrum. But if the spectrum has to be given away, that is no fun.\"India restricts the amount of spectrum a company holds to 15 megahertz for a so-called circle in some regions and 12.4 megahertz in other parts, according to the Department of Telecommunications.Vodafone last year agreed to pay $5.46 billion to buy out its partner Essar Group's stake in the local venture, aiming to gain more control in a market (MBPRIND) forecast by Gartner to grow 28 per cent to 872 million active subscribers by 2015. The carrier has 146 million customers and a 17 per cent market share, making it India's third-biggest behind Bharti and Reliance Communications Ltd.Vodafone is also waiting for a judgment from India's Supreme Court on its appeal of a 112.2 billion tax claim relating to its 2007 purchase of Hutchison Whampoa Ltd's Indian wireless operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417799", "title": "Letter-writing contest held", "text": "PATNA: Today in the era of Internet that has replaced traditional post cards and letter writing, to revive the old medium of communication - letters, postal department organized a 'Letter writing day' at the Patna GPO on Sunday.More than 1,200 students up to the age group of 15 years from 32 schools of the city, including St Karen's' High School, Don Bosco Academy, Sambodhi School of Excellence, Patna Central School and Kendriya Vidyalaya, participated in the letter-writing competition.The participants were asked to write a letter to a sportsman detailing what Olympic and Olympiad meant to them. \"Similar competition has already been organized in Muzaffarpur and within a month it would be organized in various other districts of the state too,\" said Anil Kumar , director marketing, postal department.Kumar told TOI that the winners of the competition would be announced within a fortnight and state winner would represent Bihar at the national-level round of the competition to be held on the occasion of 'World Post Day' on October 9.The national winner of the letter writing competition would represent the country at the international level of the competition. This competition is being organized by the Universal Postal Union (UPU) that celebrates 'World Post Day' every on October 9, as this is the anniversary of the establishment UPU in 1974. UPU has as many as 218 member countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "11417970", "title": "Jatinderpal Mangat fishes for warmth for his water world", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: Increasing cold not only affects human beings but also fishes, and those who have aquariums in their house are a bit tense about fishes well being. Jatinderpal Singh Mangat is also worried about the water world in his house in Ghumar Mandi with winter on its peak. There are around 200 fishes at his place in 10 aquariums, including species of fishes flower horn, alligator gar, fire mouth, green terror, catfish , tiger wrap, giant grammy, golden loach and mouldy breed. Along with these, he also has different kinds of Oscar fishes, fighter fishes and exceptional species of Senegal fishes.Jatinderpal said he has this vast collection just for his kids, as he wants to keep them away from the internet and play stations, and want them to spend more time with fishes and enhance their knowledge about them. He said first time, he purchased fishes in 2008 and gradually kept buying more and more.Jatinderpal has put heater rods to keep the water warm in each aquarium and has also fitted thermostat equipment to set the temperature and gauge meters to know the temperature in aquariums. He said in winter season, fishes become stressful due to the climate and pet owners should take care of their feed. He said there are three kinds of feed, bottom feed, mid-water and top-level feed and he has all of them.He said pet owners should change the water once or twice a week and plant an ultra violet (UV) system for cleaning water. Jatinderpal's daughter, Jasnoor Kaur, 12, is very young but knows well about the temperature of aquariums in winter season and checks it at short intervals daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11427283", "title": "Prakash Jha can't do without Ranbir Kapoor", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor is inevitable for Prakash Jha who just cannot do without the actor for his sequel to Raajneeti.Apparently, the talented actor will this time play the leading man in the political thriller. But since Ranbir Kapoor's dates are choc-o-bloc full, Jha will have to wait till Ranbir reworks his schedule and finalises the dates for him.It is heard that initially Akshay Kumar was considered for the role but Jha finally zeroed upon Ranbir. The director has already decided upon the subject which according to sources is not the original story but a remake of a Tamil production titled Ko featuring Jeeva in the lead. The film was later dubbed in Telugu and titled Rangam. Interestingly, the story is loosely based on Russell Crowe's political thriller and thrilling paper chase - State Of Play . But Jha will make Satyagraha (on corruption in the society)with Amitabh Bachchan before starting work on the remake of Ko.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11417484", "title": "Anna Hazare discharged, goes home to rest", "text": "PUNE: Social activist Anna Hazare was discharged from Sancheti Hospital here on Sunday morning. He had been in the hospital since December 31 and was being treated for chest congestion and weakness.Hazare said he would go back to Ralegaon Siddhi and take rest for a month, on the advice of his doctors. Hazare said he was better but felt a little weak.Asked about the agitation he was to lead in five poll-bound states, Hazare said: \"I will decide about that once my health is fine. This is not a movement of a month or two, it will go on for years.\" He added the fight against corruption would continue.The crusader refused to answer questions on the anti-corruption movement, and said he would speak only after he had recovered completely.Asked if he would consider changing his team after charges of corruption were leveled against several members, he refused to comment. \"I have not been in touch with the outside world for eight days,\" he said.Orthopaedic surgeon Parag Sancheti, who has been treating Hazare, reiterated that the activist should not undertake any more fasts. \"I have strictly advised him not to go on fasts any more,\" the doctor said.Hazare has been advised to concentrate on his health, and eat nutritiously. He will be administered antibiotics and Vitamin D and will be under observation for a month, Sancheti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11419404", "title": "Malware can empty out your bank a/c", "text": "LONDON: Doing online banking frequently? Beware, as cyber-criminals have launched a new malware that not just steals your money from your bank, but also offers false reassurance that it's still there, experts have warned.The attack, a new version of trojan horse SpyEye software that targets computers using Windows, has been detected in the United States and the United Kingdom.According to Trusteer, a security company which detected the attack, the software, which steals your bank passwords to give access to your account, waits for you to enter the same banking details before \"adjusting\" what you see.The idea is to gives criminals more time to use debit card details on fraudulent transactions without the person realizing it's happening, the Daily Mail reported.The malware is designed in a way that when one visits his or her online bank, there will be no trace of the transactions that cyber-criminals are using to empty the bank account. Worse, the balance will also be adjusted on screen so it looks as if nothing is happening, Trusteer claimed.\"The next time the victim visits their online banking site, the malware hides the fraudulent transactions, as well as artificially changing the total balance,\" it said.\"As a result, the deceived customer has no idea that their account has been 'taken over', nor that any fraudulent transactions have taken place. SpyEye is a tweak of the Zeus crimeware kit that grabs web form data within browsers,\" says the Naked Security blog at web security experts Sophos.\"The new Trojan, instead of intercepting or diverting email messages, hides bogus transactions even after users have logged out and then logged back into their accounts. With hi-tech cyber attacks such as SpyEye, there are few visible signs that anything is wrong. There are defences, though - ensure your browser is up to date, manually updating it if necessary,\" experts said.Thus, it is important that users should ensure that the \"anti-phishing option is switched on\" in their web browser that which will check for \"blacklisted\" websites and prevent the browser from being directed to the \"fake\" version that delivers your bank statement, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11418940", "title": "Patient\u2019s death leads to ruckus at UHM", "text": "KANPUR: The relatives of a woman patient created ruckus at UHM Hospital after her death on Sunday.Reena, 28, breathed her last after struggling for life since January 2. The kin of the victim created ruckus at the hospital and alleged that Reena died due to carelessness of wardboys.She was admitted to hospital after receiving burn injuries while cooking at her father's house. Her husband Ashok Kumar is employed in New Delhi.She was initially admitted in ICU and then shifted to burn ward number 2 at UHM hospital on Friday. Dr Joginder Singh and Vinod Katiyar were treating her. According to the hospital authorities, Reena had received 80 per cent burn injuries. The family members manhandled the wardboys and created chaos. They also disturbed the proceedings of the hospital.Her father Ram Kishore and brother Bhagwat Das said that the patient was recovering and that is what made the doctors shift her from ICU to burn ward. The death of the patient happened due excessive bleeding after the rapture of nerve which was caused by the wardboys while placing the 'vigo', the two alleged. \"Reena was absolutely fine and recovering and shifted to burn ward. On Sunday morning, when the ward-boys Raju and Vinod came to place the 'vigo' on her hand, she suddenly started bleeding and then died within half-an-hour,\" said Bhagwat Das.\"When Reena was brought to the hospital she already 80 per cent burned. Her whole body from face to toes was badly injured. There were less chances of her survival but we admitted her. She was very serious. But unfortunately she died when the vigo was placed by the ward-boys,\" said Dr Shailendra Tiwari, additional chief medical superintendent of UHM Hospital.Reena's relatives called the police. The ACM-4 reached the spot and sent the body for post-mortem examination to know the exact reason of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11419332", "title": "Zoo plans another island in Karanji lake", "text": "MYSORE: The island in Karanji lake park is worn out and Mysore Zoo is planning to build another island to attract birds, said B P Ravi, executive director of the conservation centre, on Sunday. While talking about challenges faced by the zoo, he said the zoo has 78 permanent employees now and in soon around 30 to 35 of them will retire.The average number of visitors on weekdays is around 10,000 to 12,000 but on weekends and on holidays it's a challenge to manage huge crowd as it peaks to 30,000. To cope with the challenges, authorities are planning to introduce new themes on weekdays to attract more visitors and reduce huge crowds on weekends, he said. He was addressing the gathering during 19th valedictory function of youth club at zoo premises. The youth club is a 25-week educative programme organized by the zoo for students aged between 12 and 18 every year. Kids, who were part of the club, should not only acquire knowledge but should practice what they have learnt about conservation, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11419975", "title": "Ranjan Mathai to visit US next month", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai will make his first visit to Washington early next month, while India and US begin a season of high level visits in the new year.In the space of just over a week, South Block will be playing host to a Congressional delegation led by Mark Warner , head of the India Caucus in the US Congress.This will be followed by the visits of US heath secretary Katherine Sebelius, USTR Ron Kirk , who will be here for the trade policy forum, and the US undersecretary for defence acquisition and technology Frank Kendall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418549", "title": "'We're already paying extra for meals'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Complaining of gross irregularities in the hostel food mess charges, it's the students residing at Panjab University hostels who are facing the heat of politics over \"mess food rates\".Even as the tussle between the student bodies and the dean student welfare office continues over Rs 2 hike in every meal, hostel residents claim that they have already been paying \"extra charges\" apart from the fixed meal rates for onions, chilies and salad!\"There is no accountability of which student consumed how much food since there is no check on the registers maintained by the mess contractors. Students have no access to it and have no clue how the final mess bill is generated each month,\" said Sidharth, a research scholar and a resident of Hostel No. 5.Yet another student of department of Sanskrit added, \"Even as the food rates have gone up from Rs 22 to Rs 24, we are already paying more than Rs 25 per meal.\"\"There has always been a problem in the hostel meal bill. Worst still, we are charged extra for consuming onions, salad and chilies along with food. When I ask the mess contractor why the extra amount is being charged, they cite reason of extra salad consumption per meal,\" added a student of MA II, who declined to be named.While the students' representatives are apparently using the opportunity to gain political mileage out of the situation, it is the common students who are at the receiving end.\"Student leaders simply take advantage of the situation. The same students who signed the letter to increase the meal prices have been staging protests! Still others, who have been staging protest, never raised the issue of extra charges before now,\" added Sidharth, a student of School of Communication Studies (SCS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11417827", "title": "Snow, chill throws lives out of gear in god's own land in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh is reeling under severe cold climes as icy winds have gripped the state following heavy snowfall that broke all previous records. Tourist town of Manali was coldest on Sunday with maximum temperature of 0.4 degrees celsius while Kalpa town in Kinnaur recorded maximum temperature of 0.5 degrees celsius.All major road links in Kullu and Chamba have snapped due to heavy snowfall and have left Chamba cut off from rest of the state. Pathankot-Chamba highway remained disrupted for the second day due to heavy snowfall. Two people were killed near Banikhet in Chamba by lightning in last two days.With heavy snowfall on high hills of Chamba, administration has issued an advisory to the people to restrict their movement during next 24 hours as chances of glacial movement are high in the district.State capital Shimla too remained frozen with minimum temperature at 0 degrees and maximum temperature of 1.6 degrees celsius, which was 8.5 degrees below normal. Keylong in the tribal Lahaul-Spiti district recorded minimum temperature of minus 7.6 degrees celsius while maximum temperature was five degrees below normal at 1.6 degrees celsius. Dharamshala recorded minimum temperature of minus 0.2 degree celsius while maximum temperature was 6.2 degrees celsius, which is 8.6 degrees below normal.Continuous snowfall across the state over last three days has thrown normal life out of gear in most parts. While the tribal areas are covered in 3-4 feet of snow, the situation in other areas is no better due to sharp dip in mercury. On an average, the maximum temperature has decreased by 4-5 degrees in the entire state.Shimla has recorded 13.3cm of snow until early Sunday while Manali received 18cm of snow. Dalhousie, Chamba and Kalpa recorded 100cm, 30cm and 8.8cm snowfall respectively, said Shimla meteorological centre officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "phulia (nadia)", "code": "11418889", "title": "Slow speed helped avert a disaster", "text": "PHULIA (NADIA): The collision between the EMU trains at Phulia station could have been disastrous. A day after the accident, Railway Board's chairman Vinay Mittal confirmed that no passenger died in the accident. The only person who was killed was a railway employee, posted at the station. He was caught between the two trains while crossing the track.On Saturday, 31531 Up Shantipur Local was waiting on Platform Number 2 while 31536 Down Shantipur Local came on the same tracks. Monoranjan Ghosh, the motorman of the Up train, spotted the approaching train and jumped onto the platform. By the time R S Yadav, who was driving the Down train, realized the mistake and applied brakes, it was too late. Yadav was one of the critically injured in the incident.The impact of the collision mangled both the drivers' cabins and derailed five coaches. On Sunday, a visit to the spot suggested that the Sealdah-bound train was running at a low speed, otherwise it could have been a rerun of the Sainthia accident or the last September's Arakkonam accident in Tamil Nadu.Kajal Sarkar, an eyewitness of Saturday's accident, claimed there were not too many passengers on either of the trains. \"Phulia is close to the terminal station - Shantipur. So most of the passengers had got off by then. The Sealdah-bound train, too, was not crowded,\" said Kajal, who runs a tea stall at platform number 1.Samir Guchait, another eyewitness, said, \"The coach I was in was in the middle of the train. The train was running late. As soon as it stopped, I got off and started walking towards the level-crossing end. Suddenly, people started screaming. The confused cries were followed by a huge bang. Had it been a weekday, there would have been many more casualties,\" said Guchait.The Railway Board chairman hinted that apparently the station manager did not commit any mistake. The signaling system was working properly. \"An independent inquiry committee has been set up. We are expecting the initial findings within a month,\" he said. He did not clarify whether the driver of Down train violated the signal or the cabinman made a mistake.But commuters and the stall-owners at Phulia have a different version. \"Usually, Up trains stop at Platform Number 1 and the Down ones stop at Platform 2. Since very few trains stop at Phulia, the norm is often violated, creating confusion,\" said tea stall-owner Madhab Sarkar.Liton Adhikary, a daily commuter, claimed that on several occasions, even after making announcements that a train is coming to a particular platform, it is diverted and sent to a different platform. The same thing happened on Saturday night, a passenger said. Locals claimed that it was announced that the Up train will arrive at platform number 1, but it was found that it took the loop line to reach Platform 2.What is the reason behind such irregularities? Railway officials claimed that there is no rule that all Up trains will come to Platform 1. The station manager has the discretion to send a train to any platform, according to convenience. B D Ghosh, the Phulia station manager, refused to speak on the issue, but employees who had earlier worked at the station said they can't always go by the rulebook as the technical system does not support it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11418735", "title": "'Love dispute' behind watchmen's murder", "text": "PANCHKULA: In a breakthrough in the double murder, the police team that visited West Bengal discovered that one of the deceased , Mujib-ur-Rehman, 19, had an affair with a girl there.The girl's family had even threatened Mujib as they were against their relationship. On January 5, the two watchmen were found murdered near a seasonal rivulet at Khatoli village near Barwala.The deceased, identified as Mujib and his 55-year-old brother-in-law Ansoor Ali, both hailing from West Bengal, were found in a pool of blood outside their improvised tent.They were last seen by a villager at night sitting around a fire place. A few wooden planks smeared with blood were recovered from the spot by the police. According to the police, the motive behind the murder seemed to be enmity.\"It was because of the threats Mujib received from girl's family that he was sent to Panchkula to make a living,\" said sub-inspector of Chandimandir police station Angrez Singh.The deaths had come to light when Mujib's father, Rafi-ul-Rehman saw them murdered at around 9am on January 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418297", "title": "Single-screens get a 2nd innings", "text": "MUMBAI: The number of single-screen theatres may have come down in Mumbai and Thane over the last three years, but there is a quiet transformation happening.Buoyed by the revenue earnings-single-screen theatres still contribute between 30-50% of collections in the city-several owners are renovating these theatres to bring back crowds from the multiplexes.The number of single-screen theatres in Maharashtra has come down from 864 to 722-and in Mumbai and Thane from 100 to 81-but the renewed hope springs from the healthy collections, say distributors and these theatres owners. Film trade pundits point out that a film like Zindagi Na Mile Dobara grossed 25% cent of its boxoffice from single screens, Murder 2 raked in 40%, and Ready and Bodyguard 45% each.Digitalization of prints is helping save on overheads for single-screen theatres. Trade analyst Amod Mehra said, \"Quite a few of them are installing 2k projectors for digital prints which most of them are buying on instalments. They thus have begun saving on maintenance of print projectors and labour costs. The government has also increased their maintenance amount slightly, which is a good sign. But most importantly, the real reason for single-screens coming out of the red is that a growing number of films targeted at the masses have brought back the audiences.A film can aim to become a blockbuster only because of single screens.\" Distributor-exhibitor Ramesh Sippy echoed the view, \"Today one cannot ignore the single screens as they make a major contribution to a film's box office collection.\"Paradise cinema at Mahim and Dreamland at Grant Road were upgraded by ESquare cinemas some time back. Bahar Cinema at Andheri east has reopened after more than a decade.Some of the others that have made a comeback or are planning one are Sahakar Cinema at Chembur, Chitra in Dadar, Premiere (Parel), Premiere (Dongri), Citylight (Matunga), Nakshatra (Dadar), Chandan (Juhu) Movie Gem (Dahisar), Starcity (Matunga) and Roxy (Opera House) to name a few.Nilufer Dastur, owner of Paradise, said, \"My cinema continues to be a single-screen matching multiplex standards. We renovated our cinema during the release of Fashion and Golmaal Returns, as the patrons wanted better air-conditioning and a more upmarket atmosphere, but at an affordable price.\"Dastur also claims that legroom between rows in Paradise is better than in any multiplex. \"We now have a nice mix of the audience. We have seen the multiplex audiences returning to balconies while lovers of single screens continue to throng our stalls. Paradise is now a cinema hall for family viewing.''However, film writer Dilip Thakur, who still watches films at Jaya and Diamond cinema in Borivli, doesn't agree. \"These cinemas have remained the same, one can't take one's family to such theatres. My wife and daughter prefer to go to a multiplex.''Single-screen cinemas have regained their 'tapori' crowd in the last couple of years. Films like Dabanng, Ready and The Dirty Picture were paisa vasool for them. Qasim Baig, manager of Chandan Cinema, said, \"The audiences in our cinema hall, especially in the stalls, do sing and dance during the songs. Just recently, during the screening of The Dirty Picture, the audiences danced in the aisles and some even climbed onto the screen. Our guards had to pull them down. Paisa bhi phekte hain gaane par ...''Distributor-exhibitor Nitin Datar does not agree with the trade analysts. \"Of the 200-odd films that release every year, only 5 to 6 become blockbusters, he said. \"That is not enough for us. Unlike multiplexes which get to share 50% of the revenue, single screens only get theatre rentals, which is a very small amount and cannot even take care of our electricity bills.''Although exhibitors do smile a little when they hear of producers making more products suited for single screens, they are more interested in the government paying attention to their needs and demands.Some cinemas like Dreamland at Girgaum and Bahar at Vile Parle have been upgraded, but their seating capacity has been reduced. Hemant Panchamia of ESquare Leisure said, \"We have recently renovated Victory cinema which is a heritage structure in Pune and Dreamland cinema apart from Paradise but have reduced the seating by 40%. It is going to be impossible to maintain a cinema with 1,200 seats.\"Panchamia has been approached by many single-screen operators. He said, \"It is important to have a joint venture between owners and operators. Only then will it work in the favour of single-screen operators. There are so many operators who have attempted it, but owners are not interested. This has led to many theatres shutting down.''Single-screen theatres had shut down for a week demanding reduction in entertainment taxes. Datar said, \"Multiplexes get concessions, whereas single screen owners have been paying entertainment tax since 1923 but haven't got any relief till date. We pay as high as 45%, while it is much less in other states. We want the government to help us save single screen theatres.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11418934", "title": "RSS trying to scuttle Cong agitation, alleges Bhuria", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress slammed the BJP on Sunday a day ahead of its jail bharo agitation saying that RSS has given orders to the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government to scuttle the stir.\"We planned to expose the state government's inefficiency before the people launching a year-long Save Madhya Pradesh protest. Since we planned to begin with the 'jail bharo' agitation on Monday in 47 districts, the RSS realized the writing on the wall and asked BJP cadres to sabotage demonstrations,\" he said at a press conference at the state party headquarters on Sunday.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan sent his ministers to districts with statistics and documents. Ministers spoke to the media in every district arguing that the Congress' allegations against the sitting government were false and baseless and root of each problem lay with the UPA-Centre. Whether it is the unavailability of fertilizers for agricultural sector or power crisis in the state, Shivraj's ministers blamed the Centre.While ministers were doing the explaining in the districts, the Congress also addressed the media and mocked at the BJP. \"Under RSS instructions, Chouhan has sent his parrots to the districts to advertise Chouhan's governance skills. His ministers are parroting what the RSS has told them to say,'' Kantilal Bhuria quipped. The Congress claimed that the party was receiving the support of the people who were facing \"hunger, fear and terror'' in the BJP-ruled state.Congress office said the Jail Bharo agitation would take place in 47 of the 50 districts. Dhar and Anuppur are scheduled for upcoming local body elections whereas the Centre's Lifeline Express, a hospital train would be launched from Rajgarh on Monday. In Bhopal, state Congress president Kantilal Bhuria will lead the Jail Bharo agitation from Iqbal Maidan at 1 pm. The Congress will march towards the chief minister's official residence, present him papers and documents listing instances of misgovernance in the past eight years of the BJP rule. Indore will witness leader of opposition Ajay Singh leading the agitation there.\"At the district headquarters, collectors will be handed over a paper listing the injustice done to the people and the corruption in the execution of the Centre's schemes,'' Bhuria said. \"With the kind of support, we are receiving from the people furious with the present governance, we are expecting lakhs of persons to join our agitation,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11418631", "title": "Caritas Goa celebrates 50 years", "text": "PANAJI: Caritas Goa celebrated 50 years of service on January 3 to mark the establishment of the social arm of the archdiocese of Goa and Daman.The day began with a thanksgiving Eucharistic celebration held at one of its projects, the Caritas-Goa Holiday Home at St Inez-Panaji. Archbishop patriarch Filipe Neri Ferrao presided over the mass. The archbishop patriarch reminded all those present that love and justice is an integral component of Christian faith and of discipleship of Christ. A number of priests, nuns, benefactors, beneficiaries, partners of Caritas-Goa and staff from the various centres of Caritas Goa participated in the Eucharistic celebration.A theatre performance 'In Bold Letters' and the 'Mystery Gift', a skit by children from Asro-Tivim were the highlights of the cultural programme held at Kala Academy in the evening. The young, hearing-impaired girls, from St Francis Xavier Centre for the Handicapped, Old Goa, presented a soul searching prayer dance to welcome the gathering.Archbishop emeritus Raul Nicolau Gonsalves released a souvenir showcasing the work of 50 years of Caritas Goa. State chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava was also present as chief guest on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418718", "title": "Bee attack leaves six hurt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A bee attack in Sector 19 left six persons hurt on Sunday. The incident took place around 12.30pm on road dividing C and D areas of Sector 19.A couple from Sector 47, Sonia and Rajiv Kumar, were on their way to the rehri market of the sector with their son Aneesh on a scooter when the bees attacked them. The bees were able to get into Sonia's sweater and stole and also her hair. The couple left the scooter and their woollens at the spot and ran into a sweet shop to take refuge.Aneesh, aged a year and a half, was saved for the most part from bee stings as Sonia covered him up.Customers in the sweet shop were startled when the couple rushed in for shelter. Sonia was stung on her back and left ankle. In the absence of first aid, she was offered 'home remedies' like limestone and iron objects to rub on the parts that hurt. Three others, who were injured, were identified as Som Nath, Rakesh and Ashok. They were rushed to a nearby private hospital and discharged after preliminary treatment.Owner of sweet shop, Baghel Singh, said this was the third incident during past four days when bees attacked commuters on the dividing road.Out of turn?Senior entomologists and medical specialists said it was not usual for bees to attack during this kind of weather. An entomologist working with municipal corporation, K R Chirwatkar, said, \"The attacks are more of a summer phenomenon when flowers bloom and bees tend to be on the move.\"He added that bees did not attack till someone struck their hives. Around eight bee attacks have been reported during the previous summer season. Dr S K Bhandari, a senior medical specialist, said in case of a bee attack, people should lie down on the ground.\"And, instead of experimenting with home remedies, they should seek help from nearby facilities,\" he added.MC helplineMunicipal corporation helpline (9915711402) for handling bee attacks in Chandigarh receives about two calls in three or four days. Helpline in charge inspector Om Parkash said very few cases of bee attacks were being reported from city these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417611", "title": "Polish woman held at IGI with forged visa", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old Polish woman headed to Beijing was arrested at IGI Airport on Sunday after police found that she was travelling allegedly on a forged visa.Marzeena Bartosik was apprehended at the immigration on Saturday night before she was to board an Air China flight, the airport police said.\"On scrutiny of her passport, it was found that the Indian multiple visa issued in Oslo for the period between November 16, 2011, and November 15, 2012, and pasted on page No. 35 of the passport is counterfeit,\" an officer said.Bartosik claimed she had received the visa online and she went to London, Abu Dhabi and Nepal before reaching India. \"She reached Kathmandu on Christmas Day and entered India through the check post in Sanauli on New Year's Eve,\" he said.A case of cheating and forgery and violation of the Foreigners Act has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418075", "title": "Resort waiter turns pest caller", "text": "MUMBAI: An employee of a resort near Manor was arrested on Saturday for harassing an executive of a bank for six months, calling her up at odd hours and propositioning her.Trouble started for the victim in June last year, when she, along with her family, went to Bordi in Dahanu on a picnic. On their way back home in Malad, the family stopped at the resort near Manor. After spending a few hours there, she filled up the resort's feedback form in which she jot down her name and contact details and left it at the reception.Faizan Shaikh (22), who worked as a waiter at the resort, managed to lay his hands on her contact details and within a few days, started to call her up from different numbers, stating his \"feelings for her\", said the police.Initially, the woman assumed that it was just another prankster and avoided the calls, hoping that it would stop. But before long, the calls turned into a nightmare for her, as she started receiving at all hours-during office, at night and early morning. When the calls continued for a month, the woman lodged a complaint with the Dindoshi police, who registered a non-cognizable case. However, the police failed to trace the caller and her harassment continued.According to the police, the woman had no clue about who was harassing her as she had \"no professional or personal enmity with anyone\". She even suspected that it could be her previous driver. Finally, just to ascertain the identity of the caller, she asked the caller to meet her somewhere, but the accused did not turn up, the police said. Unable to take the harassment any further, the woman finally approached the crime branch.On receiving her complaint, the officials traced the call details and finally arrested Shaikh from his residence near Manor on Saturday. He has been handed over to the Dindoshi police.The police have learnt that Shaikh, married for a month now, called up from different mobile numbers as well as from public phone booths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417847", "title": "Battery-operated vehicles to help physically challenged", "text": "PATNA: In a major policy decision, railways has decided to provide more facilities to physically challenged passengers across the country. The Railway Board has already approved the plan to allow private agencies to provide battery-operated vehicles at important stations. This facility will be in addition to the decision of railways to convert important railway stations into physically challenged-friendly ones.According to a Railway Board official, the railways has identified major stations across the country where this facility is required to help disabled and elderly passengers board trains without any difficulty. The facility will save them from facing the rush of passengers on platforms, he said. According to sources, the Board has issued guidelines to every railway zone in this regard. The facility will be made available free of cost on 'first come, first served' basis at the crowded metropolitan city stations first. Service providers will be allowed to display paid advertisements on their vehicles to generate income, sources said.However, the Board official said that railways would provide free electricity at stations for charging the batteries of such vehicles. It would be the responsibility of service providers to maintain the battery-operated vehicles on their own, he said, adding each zone of railways has to shortlist stations on a priority basis to make this facility available.According to an ECR official, the railways has decided to introduce this facility at major stations like Patna Junction, Mughalsarai, Gaya, Muzaffarpur, Samastipur and Barauni in the first phase. ECR has already provided other facilities at Patna Junction and other stations to the physically challenged passengers, like parking of their wheel chairs in the circulating area, toilet facilities and ticket purchasing counters at Patna Junction, he said.Sources said the railways had earlier decided to provide a special bogie for physically challenged passengers in all important mail and express trains. However, this facility is not available in most long-distance passenger trains, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419253", "title": "Anuradha quits RLD, joins SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rashtriya Lok Dal on Sunday suffered a setback when its national general secretary Anuradha Chowdhury joined the Samajwadi Party along with Rajya Sabha MP Shahid Siddiqui. The two leaders along with RLD MLA Vimlesh Singh joined the party in presence of SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav . State president Akhilesh Yadav , leader of opposition Shivpal Singh Yadav and senior party leader Mohammad Azam Khan were also present during the function.Once a close aide of RLD chief Ajit Singh, Chowdhury was associated with RLD for the last 16 years. She was elected to the state assembly in 2002 and was the irrigation minister in Mulayam's government formed with RLD's support in 2003. In 2004 parliamentary election, she was elected on a RLD ticket from Karaina.However, she lost 2009 Lok Sabha election, and was unhappy over Ajit Singh's alliance with the Congress for the upcoming assembly polls. Party sources said that she is apparently angry with Ajit Singh for accepting a Cabinet post for himself in UPA II, instead of providing her a Cabinet berth as promised earlier.After joining SP, she came down heavily on RLD chief for entering into an alliance with Congress and accused him of going against the ideology of his father Chowdhury Charan Singh, who always fought against the Congress.\"Instead of entering into an alliance with Congress for getting a ministerial berth, Ajit Singh should have fought for passage of Land Acquisition Bill. His father has always fought in the interest of farmers against Congress. The RLD workers and leaders did not like the alliance. RLD will have to suffer due to this alliance with Congress,\" she said, and added that she would not contest elections, but only campaign for SP.Asked about the issue of reservation to Muslims, SP leader Azam Khan said that Muslims were cheated in the name of reservation, which had been given to eight castes, while the community would get only 0.8% reservation, which is meagre. \"Congress always cheated Muslims. Be it Shilanyas at Ayodhya or demolition of Babri mosque, Congress always acted against the Muslim community,\" he said.Asked whether the SP would provide separate reservation to Muslims, if voted to power, Khan said that SP could only promise that reservation percentage would be better than that of Andhra Pradesh and Kerala. \"We cannot promise about what percentage of reservation will be given to Muslims in Uttar Pradesh, but it will be better than the existing percentage of AP and Kerala,\" he said.About removal of officers in Uttar Pradesh by EC, Khan said that the party would also complain against cabinet secretary and press for his removal. Bollywood actor Vishwajeet Pradhan and leaders of Rastriya Ulema Council also joined SP on the occasion.Meanwhile reacting to the current events Ajit Singh said, \"These things happen during election time.\" RLD has joined hands with the Congress party ahead of the crucial Uttar Pradesh polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11417991", "title": "9-yr-old among 3 killed in separate road accidents", "text": "PUNE: Three people, including a nine-year-old boy, were killed in separate accidents in various parts of the city between Friday and Saturday.Adnan Mansoor Shaikh (9) of Lohiyanagar died after he was knocked down by a truck at Timber Market around 8 pm on Saturday. The Khadak police have arrested the truck driver, Ravindra Deokar (20) of Nashik, for negligent driving.The police said that on Saturday night, Adnan and his friend were returning home from a toy shop. As they neared Ghaseti bridge, a speeding truck hit Adnan from behind. He was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival. Sub-inspector B D Hoval is investigating the case.On Saturday morning, Vasu Nikam (42) of Mohne village in Thane district died after he was knocked down by an unidentified vehicle while crossing the road at Bhosari. The incident took place around 6 am. The Bhosari police are investigating further.On Friday morning, a 21-year-old youth on a motorcycle died on the spot after he crashed into the rear portion of a mini bus on Kharadi bypass road at Chandannagar. The Yerawada police have identified the deceased as Raju Suresh Raut of Kolhapur.The police said that on Friday around 8 pm, Raut was speeding on his motorcycle. He did not notice the mini bus taking a turn towards Kharadi and crashed into it. The impact was such that Raut died on the spot. Police inspector C H Madhe is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430102", "title": "Kolkata gets record January rain in 10 years", "text": "KOLKATA: Is it winter or monsoon? The answer is obvious, but Kolkatans can't help thinking otherwise.The city has received 71.2 mm rainfall over the past 24 hours - a record for January over a decade, says the Met office. Such intermittent rainfall accompanied by thunder is in itself quite unusual for January. But the weathermen have no good news. Kolkatans will have to endure this weather for at least a couple more days, they say.The culprit is a cyclonic circulation over Orissa and adjoining areas that has blocked the normal flow of winter in these parts. It has led to the formation of convective clouds - rare in this time of the year - which have triggered the current spell of rain. The sky will start clearing up only when the cyclonic circulation weakens.\"Formation of convective clouds is extremely unusual in January. The Met office has recorded 71.2 mm rainfall over the past 24 hours which is the highest rainfall in January in the last 10 years. The cyclonic circulation is likely to lose its momentum gradually. So, we can expect the weather to improve from Wednesday. The chill will return once the sky clears up,\" said G C Debnath, director of the Regional Meteorological Centre.The Met office has forecast rain for Kolkata on Tuesday. From Wednesday, the sky is expected to start clearing up, but there is a possibility of rain or thundershower on that day as well. Monday recorded a maximum temperature of 21.2\u00b0C, five degrees below normal, while the minimum at 17.4\u00b0C was three notches above the normal mark. The next two days will see the maximum and minimum temperatures hovering around 21\u00b0C and 17\u00b0C respectively.Some areas of Howrah experienced heavy rain and hailstorm on Sunday night, uprooting trees and destroying houses. A woman in Uluberia, Sumitra Sahu, was injured when her house collapsed during the storm. The worst affected areas were under Bagnan block I and Uluberia. Around 50 mud houses were destroyed. A large number of cranes in these localities were found dead, possibly due to the hailstorm. There were reports of flower farms being destroyed in the district.Intermittent rain is expected in parts of districts like North and South 24-Parganas and East and West Midnapore. North Bengal, however, will enjoy sunny days though morning fog could create a problem for those at the wheel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11421819", "title": "Kashmiri Pandits vow to fight for 'separate homeland'", "text": "PUNE: An international Kashmiri Pandit youth conference held here has resolved to fight for a \"separate homeland\" in Kashmir and protect the language and culture of the community.\"Displaced Kashmiri Pandit youths will fight for reclaiming a separate homeland in Kashmir and protect the language and culture,\" a resolution adopted at a two-day conference that concluded last night said.Through another resolution, the conference, addressed by eminent Kashmiri Pandit leaders and thinkers, also decided to \"explore and facilitate empowerment of displaced Kashmiri Pandit youths, especially those underprivileged, living in various camps in Jammu and elsewhere\". It also acknowledged the sacrifices made by elders, while responding to the situation created by a \"forced exile\".Kamal Hak, national spokesperson of Panun Kashmir, said the tragic displacement of Kashmir Pandits from their homeland had created a \"sense of detachment from roots\" and a feeling of being a stranger in their own country.Khema Kaul, spokesperson of Kashmiri Vahini exhorted the youth to \"equip themselves with history and culture\" to achieve their goal.Noted Kashmiri playwright Amar Malmohi highlighted how political class in the valley was \"Islamalising\" the language, literature and culture of Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422970", "title": "I\u2019m doing an experimental film: Suman Ghosh", "text": "Suman Ghosh's \" Nobel Chor\" will release on February 17 this year. The director is returning to Miami today and will be back on February 2, well in time for the release of his second Bengali film.Though the director of \"Dwando\" has worked with Mithun Chakraborty in \"NC\", the buzz is that he will not be going for stars when it comes to his next venture. Ghosh, who has experimented a little with both form and content in \"NC\", now wants to push the envelope and do things a little differently. \"I've taken small steps in \"Nobel Chor\" in terms of content, structure and form and shot it with a mixture of fiction and realistic cinema with documentary footage scattered in between,\" he says.Ask the director about his next project and all he wishes to reveal at this point in time is that: \"My next film is an experimental work with completely non-professional actors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11418945", "title": "TB patients to get free drugs from private doctors", "text": "BHOPAL: Patients suffering from tuberculosis (TB) can now avail same services from registered private doctors as being offered by government centres. The private doctors will give the TB patients medicine provided by the government, free of cost.A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed by three doctors with the district TB centre who would provide TB patients with free diagnosis and medicine during the course of treatment. The patient would only have to pay consultation fee to private doctors.The MoU was signed after a district training programme under Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP) was organised in the city on Sunday.Indian Medical Association organized the programme to encourage medical practitioners to refer TB suspects and diagnosed TB patients to RNTCP and to start DOTS centres.\"The idea is to engage private practitioner and reach maximum people,\" said joint director health Dr B S Ohri. \"A referral by these registered doctors would be accepted by the government-run hospital and TB centre who would diagnose patients free,\" he added.On the matter, District TB officer Dr Manoj Verma said, \"On an average a TB patient spends about Rs 1,000 a month on medicines excluding expenses on diagnosis.\"Under the plan, private medical practitioner's referral form would be accepted by the government medical centre and the diagnosis would be conducted free of cost.However, as per the agreement the private practitioners would not be allowed to conduct or refer any tests of the TB patient to other private diagnostic centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419269", "title": "UP Polls: Sparring scions: Akhilesh connects, Rahul inspires", "text": "LUCKNOW: In distinctly different styles - their similar attire notwithstanding - the two flag-bearers of dynastic politics, Congress's Rahul Gandhi and SP's Akhilesh Yadav , have hit the campaign trail talking the same language of development and promise of change.The similarities between the two Lok Sabha MPs are obvious. In their khadi and Gandhi jackets, both draw large crowds, talk development and inspire young followers . Both stepped out of their fathers' , and grandparents ' in Rahul's case, shadows and found their own in politics over the last decade. For the youth, the 41-year-old bachelor Rahul and 38-year-old father-of-three Akhilesh both symbolise change. Party workers say the tech-savvy Akhilesh has enlisted the maximum number of youth in the four years he's been at the party's helm of affairs. He is the creative brain behind SP's technological upgrade and the ad campaign where a bicycle overtakes an elephant.Rahul encourages the youth to vote for change. Niyamat, a 23-year-old computer operator in Maharajganj , says, \"Rahulji , like us, is young. He has the energy to run the nation. This reflects in the candidates he has chosen. We believe if a younger person is elected, he will rough it out to help the local population.\"But that is about where the similarities end. The crucial difference is in their interactions with party members . Rahul is more formal, Akhilesh is more affable, an integral member of the big fat SP family. Congress candidates and party workers say they'd be happier if Rahul mingled more.Congress candidate from Balrampur's Utraula constituency Ashiq Ali says, \"A candidate's prospects improve if he is seen with Rahul ji. If Rahul ji takes up local problems, it sends out a strong message.\" At the Utraula rally, Rahul made a 40-minute stop but Ali's got only a few minutes with him; not enough, says Ali, to convince locals he's close to Rahul. On the other hand, SP candidate from Barabanki's reserved Haidargarh constituency Ram Magan Rawat says, \"When Akhilesh bhaiyya toured my constituency, he called me on board his Kranti rath and took me to the roof. This sent a strong message .'' Rawat got 40 minutes with his leader.Rahul, most say, is courteous with workers and leaders . But there is a sense of distance. \"There's certainly no possibility of back-slapping. You can share a laugh, but you keep distance. There's an unspoken code one follows ,\" says a party worker in Lucknow.The SP camp has a greater sense of camaraderie. Akhilesh is treated with deference but SP supporters insist Akhilesh bhaiyya is family. Much of it may be attributed to training in socialist practices by Mulayam , who still drinks tea with party colleagues in Lucknow's SP office lawns.Congress leaders believe the comparison is unfair. Rahul is Congress's youth icon for the country and can't be seen dabbling in constituency-level affairs. Akhilesh as SP's state president is a regional leader who has extensively toured UP. Experts say both are being tested on their ability to convert crowds to votes. In their own ways, both are trying to engineer an image makeover - Rahul for himself as an angry young man and Akhilesh, for his party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "given a chance, every man would want to disappear into oblivion during 'those' days of the month when their woman is menstruating. reason", "code": "9065712", "title": "Handle her 'period'", "text": "Given a chance, every man would want to disappear into oblivion during 'those' days of the month when their woman is menstruating. Reason: PMS-pre menstrual syndrome, which is dreaded as a nightmare by most men as the poor beings are subjected to irrational fits of anger, incessant screaming and shouting, crying without reason and bouts of depression.?So, rather than running away from the problem, which obviously you can't (and dare not), why not handle it in a smarter way that will ease your lives? We'll tell you how.?- Firstly, understand that it's not the person, but the hormones which play the brat. Your woman is bound to feel cranky and irritable. So be co-operative and try to understand her problem. Be smart enough to read the signs that will lead to anger or add up to her frustration and nip the reasons in the bud. Even though you find her behaviour funny at times, never ever make the mistake of joking around or teasing her about it. Lest you want to be crucified! And remember, as a guy you can never experience her agony.?- Doing things that she does not like you doing, can otherwise be tolerated. But this is certainly not the right time. So behave like a good boy. Keep up to your promises, don't be late when you meet her and things should be fine.?- You can also lessen her burden of work by helping her in the kitchen, paying her bills or running errands for the things that are required.Gynaecologist Shyama Kothari says, \"Periods often make women feel heavy and uncomfortable. So it's better if her man treats her special during those few days. Even if she's not looking her usual best, tell her how lovely she looks. Women feel insecure, lonely or depressed during that time. So making extra efforts to assure her of your love, and her worth will not cause any harm. Also, buying her a surprise gifts is a good idea.\" An important point that Dr Kothari makes is to avoid socialising. She adds, \"The heaviness due to water retention causes a temporary weight gain. So usually party wear or tight fitted clothes feel tighter and uncomfortable. Also staying up late at night can aggravate the situation.\"Women also tend to crave for sugary foods like chocolates during this time. Rather than commenting on the calorie aspect, it is advisable for men to join them in their sinful indulgence sessions to make it fun. Giving a relaxing head, foot or back massage to soothe her tensed nerves can work well too.??", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418263", "title": "Foresters fire on illegal fishermen at Totladoh", "text": "NAGPUR: Some 16 fishermen fishing illegally in Totladoh reservoir inside Pench tiger reserve were injured when forest guards opened fire on them with 12-bore shotguns on Saturday evening. The forest guards, patrolling the dam on Pench river, claimed they opened fire in self-defence after the fishermen surrounded their boat in mid-reservoir and started attacking them after being challenged.A magisterial enquiry was instituted by the district collector into the matter later. The incident is latest in the ongoing tussle between the foresters and local fishermen dating back since the time the forest around reservoir was declared tiger reserve and fishing prohibited in it. \"A group of 12 forest staffers were zeroing in on a fishing boat when they were attacked by fishermen in other boats. Within no time, several boats surrounded our men. There were around 50 fishermen and our men were outnumbered. The forest staff retreated as it was growing dark after they managed to stave off attack on themselves,\" said A K Saxena, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF), wildlife, Nagpur.A group of 20 fishermen, resident of Rayyatwadi in New Deolapar, had sneaked into the prohibited zone for fishing at 5 pm on Saturday and was just preparing to lay their underwater nets foresters boat with eight gunmen approached them.According to Feroze Pathan, one of the injured fishermen, the forest guards had continued firing on them for almost an hour. \"We somehow managed to crawl back into the forest for cover and stayed there for seven hours writhing in pain. At midnight we started back for our home around 20 kms away. We walked four to five hours in injured condition and reached home,\" said Pathan.Nilesh Barmaiyya, another injured fishermen, said the victims used turmeric powder and cooking oil to alleviate pain. \"We had these materials to prepare food in the jungle. These helped us fight the pain till we could get medical help,\" he said. The couple of fishermen, who escaped the pellets, helped the rest back home.There had been skirmishes in the past too with fishermen once even snatching the firearms of foresters. The poachers had grown more brazen as foresters never fired back. This time it was different. The injured fishermen approached Deolapar police station at 8.30 am on Sunday wanting to register an offence against foresters. They were taken to the rural hospital at Deolapar from the police station and later sent to the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and hospital. Most of the injured had pellet wounds.Manoj Tomar, whose face was swollen had nearly lost an eye, said his forefathers had been fishing in the river and poor villagers did not have many options but to live off the fish in the reservoir. \"We fish as there is no other livelihood option,\" said Tomar who has a 10-month-old daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11419094", "title": "21-day free BPO training in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: NS Infotech Limited will provide free BPO training for 21 days under the scheme Suvarna Kayaka Koushalyabhivrudhi Yojana of the ministries of industries and commerce, the governament of Karnataka.Training, assistance for placement and recruitment will be provided. Interested may contact before January 16 at NS Infotech, Aryabhata Tech park in Navanagar. For details call 9620609335.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11418694", "title": "From forged plastic money to hard cash", "text": "PANAJI: The 12 accused arrested by the Panaji police had adopted a new modus operandi to cheat casino operator in Panaji to the tune of Rs 39 lakh in two days: they would visit the casino as tourists and purchase chips to play. But instead of playing, they would return the chips at the casino counter and encash it claiming it to be their winning amount.Police said that few of them would use fake credit and debit cards to withdraw money to purchase the chips and then instead of playing in they would pass on the chips to the other gang members who would also be present in the casino. \"Once they got the chips, they would then return to the casino counter and return them claiming that they had won the same. Then they would leave the casino with cash,\" said police sources.The Panaji town police arrested 12 persons for allegedly duping a casino to the tune of Rs 39 lakh, by using bogus credit and debit cards, on Saturday evening.Representative of a casino Srinivas Nayak had lodged a complaint with the Panaji town police that some persons were cheating the casino by using forged cards. Accordingly, the police laid a trap and caught Ravi Kiran, Farhaan Tangekar and Nazir Shaikh-all three from Thane-Mumbai; M Ajmal Sharief (Bangalore), Abdul Waheed Shaikh (Orissa), Juneid Shaikh, Hidayat alias Ruhaan Khan, Rajesh Bhosle, Vjid Bikla and Sangeeta Shilkar all from Mumbai and Shati Baaz Shaikh and Neha Ticker from Hyderabad.The accused would allegedly prepare forged documents and prepare credit and debit cards in different names by printing and embossing the details. Then they would use these forged cards to withdraw cash and purchase chips from the casino.All the accused were arrested under Section 468 (forgery), Section 471 (using as genuine a forged document), Section 420 (cheating), Section 120 (b) (criminal conspiracy) read with Section 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code.In two days, they are suspected to have used more than 40 cards in the casinos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11427199", "title": "Diya Aur Baati Hum: A show to watch out for", "text": "With a strong script and a powerful storyline the Star Plus show is scaling new heights so far as TRPs are concernedDirector Sumeet Mittal is reveling in the popularity that his show Diya Aur Baati Hum is giving him. The director's hard work has certainly enabled him reap in rich dividends.During the week 53 (i.e. December 25 to 31; as per TAM Peoplemeter System), the show garnered a TVR of 6 lagging behind the show Saath Nibhana Saathiya by just .01. Saathiya got a TVR of 6.01.The show which talks about women's education and also about how a husband helps his wife achieve her academic goals, has found takers is many television viewers. A very talented cast and a nice treatment to the story are said be yielding good results for the show.Director Sumeet Mittal feels glad about the outcome. The story is inspired from a real life incident some 20 years back. Sumeet says, \"I used to live in Ahmedabad. 20 years back I read a story in a newspaper that talked about a common man - a paanipuri seller helping his wife become a civil servant. I just based my show Diya Aur Baati Hum on this incident, which was still afresh in my memory.\"Sumeet further adds, \"In Television, one needs to offer something different. And we always try to focus on social issues. And the story of a girl, who is a victim of circumstances, makes the audience relate to the character in the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11419162", "title": "HDMC meeting", "text": "HUBLI: The Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) will organize a special meeting on January 13, at the corporation meeting hall in Hubli to discuss the issues regarding revenue increase for corporation from different resources and one time settlement of tax on water bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417271", "title": "Teenage auto driver \u2018rapes\u2019 schoolgirl", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Class X student was allegedly raped by a 17-year-old youth, an auto driver, at Azad Chandrasekhar Nagar in Addagutta. According to Tukaramgate police, the youth befriended the girl, a student of a well-known school in Secunderabad, while she used to commute in his auto to reach school. He went out with her several times and reportedly exploited her sexually. Their intimate relationship came to the notice of her father recently when one of his friends saw the teenagers hanging out at a food joint.\"When grilled by the family members, the victim told them about the relationship and how he had sexually exploited her,\" Tukaramgate inspector S Santosh Kiran said. On Sunday morning, the victim's father approached the Tukaramgate police and lodged a complaint against the auto driver. After recording the statement of the victim in the presence of her family members, the Tukaramgate police booked a case against the auto driver under Section 376 ( rape) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). He was taken into custody and will be produced before a juvenile court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419409", "title": "City braves chill on a no \u2018Sun\u2019day", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cold day conditions continued unabated in the city for the third consecutive day on Sunday with cloudy skies and foggy conditions keeping maximum temperature down. No relief is expected at least till Tuesday.On Sunday morning, the skies were overcast along with foggy conditions. The clouds and haze kept sunshine away leading to low temperatures during the day. However, the same clouds and fog were behind high minimum temperatures in the night as they restricted ground heat from escaping into the atmosphere. The maximum temperature recorded was 18 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal while minimum was 11.6 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal. The weatherman said skies will remain partly cloudy on Monday. While fog would occur till forenoon, the minimum temperatures would be nine degrees Celsius.The cold day conditions were more uncomfortable for the people than the night because it is during the day time people come out for work. People shivered even during the day. There was, however, some relief for schoolchildren as district administration ordered closure of schools till class eight till January 11 in wake of cold. The worst-hit were the homeless. They could not even get dry wood for bonfire due to wet conditions . People were seen burning tyres, plastic material and garbage to keep themselves warm. They complained that no adequate arrangement of shelter homes has been made by the district authorities.State Met director JP Gupta said cyclonic circulation over UP which is getting moisture feed from the Arabian Sea is responsible for the change in weather conditions. On Sunday, he said, some parts of west UP also received light rain, while in east UP rainfall was at isolated places. \"No significant change is expected in the weather for next two days. The cloudy and foggy conditions will continue, which in turn will keep day temperatures low,\" he said. Regarding entire UP, he said fog will occur at many pockets over the state. Light rain and coldwave conditions are also expected at isolated places in the state.According to Met headquarters here, cold day conditions also prevailed in Kanpur and Agra divisions. Night temperature fell in some parts of west UP. The lowest minimum temperature of 4.4 degrees Celsius was recorded at Etawah. However, in many parts of the state, while minimum temperatures were 1-7 degrees above normal, maximum temperatures were 1-6 degrees below normal.The maximum temperature in Varanasi and Bareilly was 17.9 degrees Celsius, Jhansi 17.2 degrees Celsius, Agra 17.4 degrees Celsius, Kanpur 19 degrees Celsius and Sonbhadra 18.6 degrees Celsius.Schools closed till January 11In wake of intense cold conditions, district magistrate Anil Kumar Sagar has ordered closure of schools upto class VIII till January 11. As per the order, schools will be closed from Monday till Wednesday. Further decision on opening of schools would depend on the weather conditions. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "yamunanagar ", "code": "11417807", "title": "Maid racket busted in Yamunanagar", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR : The district police on Sunday arrested two persons working in a Delhi-based company involved in providing the domestic help, on the charges of human trafficking after a 15-year-old girl from Assam was rescued by district women and a child supporting unit.With this, a racket of trafficking girls from other states on the pretext of getting them employed in the households has been unearthed in the district, claimed police officials.Inquiries revealed that all this came to light on Saturday evening when the victim was brought there to Bal Bhawan after she managed to give a family of Sector 17 here a slip. Family had allegedly bought the girl from a Delhi-based agency.Identified as Sanjay and Karan claiming to be working with Ganesh and Maid and Servant Services Agency Delhi, were rounded up when they had come to take away the girl from Bal Bhawan. The agency, has however denied any link with the accused as well as the girl.Inspector Ram Kumar, SHO, city police station said, \"We have taken the youths in police custody after district child welfare officer Manisha Khana reported the matter to us. Both of them confessed to have brought the victim from Assam and sold her to Sector 17 resident family. Further investigations are in progress and we are trying to ascertain other places from where the two have provided girls. Prime facie it appears to be a racket of selling girls as house maids. Interrogation is going on and we hope we will soon reach to the roots of the racket.''Meanwhile, when contacted Manisha Khanna confirmed that the victim was a bonded labourer with Sector 17 family and had managed to escape from their custody on Saturday night. A social worker noticed her and brought her to the Bal Bhawan, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11418006", "title": "Fun in the sun", "text": "LUDHIANA: After being held hostage inside their homes by the cold for two days, residents rushed out on Sunday at the first sight of sunshine thronging markets and restaurants.At Sarabha Nagar market, hundreds of residents gathered to soak in the sun. While youths hung around, kids could be spotted enjoying fun rides, candies and 'golgappa'. Similarly, at Model Town market, Ghumar Mandi and College Road market also people could be seen taking leisurely walks.\"It was a major relief for us on Sunday as we could step out of our houses and have some fun. The children were more excited to visit the market and enjoy rides because their winter holidays are going to end and they will have to get back to the routine of school,'' said Harpreet Singh , a businessman and resident of Sarabha Nagar. He added that the sunshine was the best part of the day.Gurdev Nagar-resident Ishita, a student said she and her friends went out for a movie in the afternoon and then went to Sarabha Nagar market for some snacks. \"We had got fed up of sitting idle at home for the past two days so it was very nice to spend sometime with friends. We also saw many families in the market and it was very obvious that everyone was enjoying the break in chill,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419742", "title": "Kodagu's old-world charm enthrals many", "text": "BANGALORE: That Kodagu has overtaken Munnar in terms of tourist footfalls has come as a pleasant surprise , say tourism officials. The unchanged fabric of Kodagu with the impression of time having stopped has worked to its advantage. Situated at an elevation of 1,525 metres, this place has drawn in a massive 15 lakh domestic tourists and 4,000 odd international tourists, said state tourism department officials.\"We visited both the places in the last two years. But the peaceful Kodagu appealed much more than Munnar, which is equally beautiful. Perhaps the old-world charm is its attraction ,\" said Rohini Kamat, a Bangalore-based HR consultant. Though the tourist footfall in Munnar has not gone down, the fact that the numbers have swelled significantly in Kodagu has given it the lead, said officials.Situated at the confluence of three mountain streams __ Muthirapuzha, Nallathanni and Kundala __ and placed about 1,600 metres above sea level, the hill station of Munnar once used to be the summer resort of the erstwhile British administration in south India. Marked by vast expanses of tea plantations, colonial bungalows and waterfalls, Munnar had so far been the evergreen favourite of tourists in search of a calm and quiet hill station.In figuresStatistics provided by the state tourism department reveal that in 2009, Kodagu recorded a tourist footfall of 55,588 (55,459 domestic and 129 foreign tourists). In 2010, the number went up to 5,94,467 tourists (5,87,216 domestic and 7,251 foreign tourists). In 2011 (up to November), the tourist footfall was 15,57,004 (15,52,124 domestic and 4,880 foreign tourists). In comparison, Munnar had 2,32,526 total tourists in 2009 (2,07,622 domestic and 24,904 foreign tourists). In 2010, Munnar had 2,45,438 tourists (2,25,748 domestic and 19,690 foreign tourists). 2011 figures are still being compiled by the Kerala tourism department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11418500", "title": "Bar exam held with tight security", "text": "TRICHY: Despite strong opposition from lawyers and law graduates from across the state, the Bar Council of India (BCI) conducted the eligibility test for those who passed out of Bachelor of Law (BL) degree, here on Sunday.After the BCI announced the eligibility test in 2010, the examination dates fixed by them were postponed four times owing to strong opposition. In their fifth attempt, they conducted the exam in Trichy on Sunday. The exam was conducted in St Joseph's College and the Urumu Dhanalakshmi Arts and Science College in Trichy. Around 550 and 460 candidates wrote the examination in both centres respectively. Candidates from Trichy and neighbouring districts also appeared in the examination.Though there was an incident reported in Urumu Dhanalakshmi College, tension prevailed in St Joseph's College right from the morning as most of the candidates opposed this exam. So, a large number of police personnel were deployed in the college gate. Police personnel allowed candidates after verifying their exam hall ticket. As there was a college programme going on, a huge number of college students were also seeking access to the college.Besides, police teams including striking force personnel, were deployed in two examination halls in St. Joseph's College. At this juncture, a group of lawyers and law students led by lawyer Aathi Narayanamoorthy held a demonstration in front of the college gate condemning the examination, stating that the BCI had vowed to oppress lawyers. They also shouted slogans against the Central government.In order to prevent any untoward incident, the police tried to arrest them. However, it led to a heated conversation between the agitators and the police. Therefore, the police forcefully took away 12 persons including seven lawyers and five law students.Prior to the examination, K Chockalingam, Inspector-General of Police, Central Zone, visited the examination centre. At 11.30 am, the examination commenced with tight security. Media persons were allowed after the commencement of the examination. Surprisingly, all candidates were allowed to use the study materials as reference to answer the questions. A lawyer, A Palaniappan, from Tanjore, said that as law graduates were legally aware of issues after passing out, there was no doubt about their eligibility to practice in courts.A professor in a government law college on the condition of anonymity said that a case against the exam was pending in the Supreme Court. As there was no stay on the exam, the bar council went ahead with the examination. Meanwhile, those who passed out in 2010 were not informed during the admission that they should undergo such a test to be eligible to practice in courts. Hence, such a move should be abandoned.He also said that while there was no eligibility test for BE and MBBS graduates, there was no need to conduct eligibility test for law graduates.The protest did not mean that the examination was tough to take up, said lawyers. In the case of judicial employment, it is a requirement that the test be taken and candidates secure minimum 45% marks. This was what lawyers were opposing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11419007", "title": "'Consumption of plain betel nut can also cause cancer'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Cancer experts have found out that consumption of plain betel nuts (in any form) is as harmful as consuming tobacco, gutka or paan. This breaks the myth that consumption of plain betel nuts is not harmful.Speaking to TOI, HoD, Oral and Maxilofacial Surgery, People's College of Dental Science and Research Centre, Bhopal, Dr Shaji Thomas said, \"Our studies have found that there is a rampant use of areca nut, popularly known as betel nut or Supari, in northern states like Uttar Pradesh , Bihar and Madhya Pradesh. As supari is being consumed along with other ingredients like tobacco leaf, katha and lime, the combination becomes deadly and is extremely harmful.\" Against the popular myth that consuming betel nut would do no harm, studies have proved that supari is much more harmful than tobacco, he added.\"It is a myth that by consuming betel nut you are safe from oral cancer where we say that it is like going for one or the other way towards death and suffering,\" said Dr Shaji. Factors like genetic history of cancer in the family, diet, body structure etc., too play a role in affecting someone with cancer. On whether paan chewing is less harmful than gutka, Dr Shaji said while chewing paan one keeps on chewing and throws it out whereas with plain betel nut and gutka, people keep it in mouth for longer duration, which is more harmful.People who consume supari or tobacco should consume more fruits because that helps in production of anti-oxides which promote body repair mechanism, Dr Shaji said. He added that more people are addicted to gutka.\"According to the statistics of cancer registry, five years back Bhopal was at the top in terms of oral cancer patients while Lucknow was second. The recent data, however, shows that addiction levels are almost the same in the cities.\"The situation is alarming as 60 % of cases are of oral cancer, though mortality rate has drastically come down because of the surgery, he said. \"Moreover, the cases of detection of oral cancer at younger age, like 16 years, is what is a concern as in a recent study conducted in six schools of Bhopal, from class 6 to 11, we found that 30 % students were addicted to either betel nut or gutka and among these 1.7% cases were of oral cancer,\" said Dr Shaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11417932", "title": "4 new pups for crime branch", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police have added teeth to their sniffer dog squad by buying four more pups. The squad now has two canines to detect explosives and one each for crime and narcotics detection.Till now, the Pune police had three dogs - two for IPC crimes and another for detecting narcotics.Assistant commissioner of police (crime) Rajendrasinh Mohite told TOI that the four Labrador pups were purchased in December 2011. \"They are two months old. After they become six months old, we will send them to the dog training centre of the state criminal investigation department, Pune, for nine months,\" Mohite said.Mohite said that two of the four pups would undergo specialised training in detecting explosives. One will be trained for detecting IPC crimes and another will be trained to detect narcotics. \"We have decided to train dogs for detecting explosives for the first time, to meet the growing challenges before the police, such as rapid urbanisation and increase in VIP visits to Pune,\" he added. The pups that will detect explosives have been named Baadal and Prince, while the one to be used in IPC crime detection has been named Rambo. The fourth pup has been named Veeru.Mohite said that eight handlers had been appointed for the new pups. \"With this, the dog squad team now comprises a sub-inspector, 15 handlers, two drivers and a sweeper,\" Mohite said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417305", "title": "Man arrested for 'raping' girlfriend", "text": "MUMBAI: The Gorai police has arrested Sushil Chavan (26) after his girlfriend filed a rape complaint against him on Saturday. The accused was produced before a local court and remanded in police custody till January 12.Chavan was in relationship with the complainant since the last one year. She is an engineer and was working in an IT company at Andheri and lived in Borivli (west). The complainant and Chavan were earlier neighbours. Chavan shifted to Navi Mumbai some time ago but they continued their friendship. The victim complained to the police that Chavan did not keep his promise of marrying her.She told the police that last year Chauhan propped her and she had accepted it after which they were in close relationship and Chavan had promised to marry her. But recently Chavan refused to fulfill his promise and started to avoid the complaint. She went to Chavan's residence to discuss the subject and both had argument over the issue. After returning back, the victim had filed the rape case against Chavan with the MHB Colony police station. The case was transferred to Gorai police station afterwards as the alleged offence took place under their jurisdiction.The Gorai police has arrested a 26-year-old man after his girlfriend had filed a rape complaint against him on Saturday. The accused was produced before a local court and remanded in police custody till January 12.The accused, Sushil Chavan, was in relationship with the complaint since last one year. She was an engineer and working in an IT company at Andheri and lived at Borivli (west). The victim and Chavan were earlier neighbours and know to each other. Chavan shifted to Navi Mumbai some time ago but they continue their friendship with the help of community sites.She told the police that last year Chauhan propped her and she had accepted it after which they were in close relationship and Chavan had promised to marry her. But recently Chavan refused to fulfill his promise and started to avoid the complaint. She went to Chavan's residence to discuss the subject and both had argument over the issue. After returning back, the victim had filed the rape case against Chavan with the MHB Colony police station. The case was transferred to Gorai police station afterwards as the alleged offence took place under their jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418678", "title": "Mayor, dy mayor fail to surrender cell phones", "text": "NAGPUR: Mayor Archana Dehankar and her deputy Shekhar Sawarbandhe are among the 15 office bearers who are yet to return their Blackberrys to the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) despite the code of conduct coming into effect from January 3.Blackberrys given to Dehankar and Sawarbandhe were bought at Rs 27,990 apiece. The others who haven't returned their handsets include standing committee chairman Sandip Joshi, chairpersons of 10 zones and 6 chiefs of consultative committees. Mobile phone bills of officials were paid by the NMC.Corporators were given group SIM cards. Of the 141 corporators, 123 took SIM cards but only two returned them. Their monthly bills were deducted from their remuneration.According to information, four zone chairmen - Habibur Rehman, Rekha Ghime, Shobha Patel and Snehal Ghotmare - have surrendered their handsets and SIM cards.Talking to TOI, Sawarbandhe said that he has submitted an application requesting officials to give him a list of things to be submitted. \"Office bearers have to submit official belongings to obtain a no due certificate. A corporator cannot submit a nomination form without producing a no due certificate,\" he said.It was also learnt that a few office bearers were given laptops and internet data cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417050", "title": "Shamshabad, a hub of illegal constructions", "text": "HYDERABAD: Shamshabad, the area where the world's fifth largest international airport is located, has now turned into a hub of illegal constructions. The area now has the highest unauthorized constructions outside the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) limits. Also, compounding the problem is the fact that the gram panchayat has no mechanism either to prevent unauthorised constructions or demolish them.While there are over 1,000 unauthorised constructions, official figures say 723 unauthorised constructions, all above ground+three floors, have come up in the area. Moreover, there are several hundred structures of up to ground+two floors. The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), which has control over the area and gives permission for G+3 and above buildings, had recommended enforcement action (demolition) for only 32 buildings to the Ranga Reddy district collector.A couple of weeks ago, the Shamshabad gram panchayat officials attempted to demolish a five-storied building and another building. However, they could bulldoze only one building that too partially due to non- availability of manpower and equipment to carry out the demolition work.With illegal constructions and unauthorized layouts going on unabated, the Shamshabad gram panchayat was directed to stop granting building permissions for G+2 floors.The decision was taken by the special officer of the panchayat as some builders had been taking permissions for G+2 floors and putting up more floors.The gram panchayat officials claim 723 identified unauthorized constructions, 427 illegal structures came up in areas like Madhuranagar, RB Nagar, Brindavan Colony, Adarshanagar and Rallaguda and most of them are commercial buildings. Structures had also come up in bio-conservation zone, where no big permanent buildings are permitted. \"Many builders raised the unauthorized constructions during the 45-day Sakala Janula Samme in Telangana region.Over 200 structures were identified alone in Madhuranagar as it is located in the prime commercial area and show cause notices were slapped on builders. We have also stopped issuing new permissions for up to G+2 buildings,\" Shamshabad panchayat secretary B Vasanthi told TOI.Sources said illegal constructions started after the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport became operational in 2008. The HMDA officials used to visit the areas till the erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority (HUDA) existed. But after formation of HMDA and its jurisdiction expanded, the authority did not bother to check unauthorised constructions. Four years ago, the erstwhile Huda planning wing authorities submitted a list of 188 illegal buildings in Shamshabad area to the AP High Court, but no action was taken against them.Meanwhile, 287 builders of unauthorised structures approached the HMDA for regularisation of their structures under the Building Penalisation Scheme (BPS), but their applications were kept pending as the structures are in bio-conservation zone (GO 111), where they cannot be permitted under any circumstances.Sources said HMDA has not initiated any action against the structures as they do not have enforcement (demolition) powers, the panchayat officials claim they do not have any wing like town planning to deal with unauthorised structures and demolish them. Ranga Reddy district panchayat officer (DPO) ES Naik said instructions were given to the respective panchayats to prevent illegal buildings and layouts in the initial stage itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11421797", "title": "I won't move in with Sid: Vidya Balan", "text": "Vidya Balan recently brought in her 33rd birthday at home with her beau Siddharth Roy Kapoor and family. She recently returned after a two-week vacation abroad with Sid.So is marriage on her mind now that they've been dating for over a year? Vidya answers that and other pertinent questions. Read on...A 2012 wedding for you? I'm in a happy state of mind today. I have no marriage plans, nor do I have a time frame in mind. I do know that it won't be soon, though. I am not ready for it mentally. Right now, I am enjoying the phase of being in love. Shaadi ke liye toh zindagi baaki hai!Your definition of love? I had one, but when I fell in love with Sid, I discovered love is very different from what I thought it would be. That's the beauty of it - it's not what I imagined it would be, it is even better. Today, I understand love is about sharing, accepting, understanding, and caring. It's much more than what we experience and far beyond what it conveys. True love is unconditional, as I have discovered in this relationship. It is the most secure place to be in. It is the sharing and growing together of two individuals. Nothing in life comes easy, but working on a relationship is far less difficult as compared to lots of other things in life.Please elaborate... When you are with the person you love and who loves and accepts you unconditionally, it's a celebration. When you are already secure and another person adds to that feeling, that is true love and it's what I feel today. It's a celebration of self as the person celebrates the person you are and not what he wants you to become.Siddharth reportedly bought a house in Khar. Will you be moving in with him? Honestly, I don't enjoy the idea of living in with someone before marriage. I will move in with the man I love only after marriage.After your last release, are you planning to do bolder roles now? I don't have a plan in place. I haven't had the time to read new scripts. I haven't signed a film since Kahaani. I hope that I continue to get challenging roles - something that gives me the opportunity to explore myself.One role you would like to do now? I've always wanted to play Indira Gandhi , and maybe my nose will help me do it! I am also dying to do a comedy or a full-blown romantic film.Did you anticipate this kind of adulation post The Dirty Picture? I feel immense gratitude for the kind of work I am getting and the fact that people are embracing it. I feel grateful for the critical and commercial success that has come my way. These last few months have been completely crazy, and that's why I needed to get away for a few days. I went to a beautiful ranch and chilled out, ate, slept and watched TV serials. It was an idyllic place with no network. My first uninterrupted holiday after years!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422763", "title": "Pixie Lott's unhappy inspiration", "text": "Pixie Lott writes songs when she is sad.The 20-year-old singer says it \"helps\" her creative process if she is not in a good mood when she pens a new track and often finds inspiration from bad times.She said: \"It helps to be in a sad mood. Say you've had an argument with a friend, your mum, your boyfriend... It makes you want to write it down.\"I can get angry. I get annoyed when people are selfish, and I get really annoyed when people use Twitter and Facebook to show off about themselves. But any emotion helps you write; you could be really excited about going out with your friends too.\"Pixie has named her new album 'Young Foolish Happy' and says the title was partly inspired by one of her favourite songs.She explained to Cosmopolitan magazine: \"I really like the message that anyone can be young, foolish and happy. You can have youthfulness whatever your age, you don't need to get old and miserable.\"It's also a song I grew up listening to by soul band The Tams. I do a cover of it at my gigs. This album is definitely more influenced by soul.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423378", "title": "Aditya finds no challenge in Preeto", "text": "His character of Raghav in Naa Aana Iss Des Laado made him a headturner and that apart, he has also tried his hands on a Telugu and Marathi film each--that's Aditya Redij for you.This guy hailing from Kolhapur in Maharashtra has tasted success on small screen in less than three years. Currently, this telly world's hottie is seen in Sawaare Sabke Sapne...Preeto.Aditya shares, \"I play the role of Ranveer Singh who is an Airforce Pilot. It feels good to play a modern character in the soap after having donned one set in rural backdrop in Laado. But, I don't see a challenge in this role in Preeto the way I enjoyed my acts everyday in Laado. There was a spark and challenge everyday put across and I enjoyed it a lot. I look forward to have some challenge in Preeto within this romantic character as well.\" But, we're sure the female fans of this good-looking guys won't agree to see his 'romantic' venture. And that apart, this witty actor feels, \"There shouldn't be any generation leaps in TV soaps. It is so hilarious a situation to play father/mother to some actor who is almost of the same age group you belong to. It is awkward situation.\" And this was the reason behind Aditya's exit from the popular soap Laado.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418818", "title": "BRTS bus hits father, son", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A father-son duo was run over by a BRTS bus on Sunday afternoon near Jashodanagar Crossroads. The 14-year-old boy sustained grievous injuries since the bus ran over his legs, police said.Khokhra police officials said that the accident took place at 1.30 pm near Jashodanagar. \"A BRTS bus coming from the direction of CTM and was headed towards Cadila Bridge. As it came down from the bridge, the bus hit the motorcycle-borne duo who were crossing the traffic junction diagonally. The 35-year-old father was riding, while the son was on the pillion seat,' police said.The incident threw traffic out of gear at the busy thoroughfare. Harshad Patel, a social worker from Amraiwadi, who rushed to the spot, said that the impact was such that the bike was flung away and the father-son were dashed against the road. While the father sustained head injuries, the bus run over the boy's legs.\"The duo was unconscious when they were taken to the LG Hospital for treatment. While we have not been able to get names of the victims in the case since both are now admitted to the hospital. We are trying to trace their address and identities,\" he said.\"We have apprehended the BRTS driver after the incident. The driver said that the bike crossed the BRTS lane all of a sudden and he could not control the bus before it was too late. He will be booked for the rash driving. Investigation is on to fix the responsibility of the incident. The boy is critical at the moment due to heavy blood loss,\" said a Khokhra police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419670", "title": "They get a taste of the real grill at Mock CET", "text": "BANGALORE: A packed auditorium , enthusiastic students, anxious parents - these scenes marked the Education Times' Free Mock CET held on Sunday at Jyothi Nivas College , Koramangala.Over 2,000 students went through a mock test and a workshop held by Byju's Classes. The mock CET was held in Physics, Chemistry and Maths in 43 classrooms in the college. The event was held by Education Times in association with Noesis.\"The mock test gave us the feel of a real test. The ambience was perfect. You don't get it when you solve previous years' question papers at home,\" said Pavithra SH, a student of MES Kishore Kendra.Students returned home with a healthy stock of tips and techniques to crack the entrance tests they would take in real, soon. \"There were a whole lot of short cuts and simple techniques that we picked up from these sessions ,\" said Keerthana S, a student of Shree Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College, JC Road.\"The demo classes were useful. They did not teach us using textbooks. Rote learning took a backseat. This is what actually helps us crack the exams ,\" said Anirudh Niyogi from National College, Basavanagudi .The results of the test will be declared in a fortnight for students to get an idea of where they stand. However, Byju Raveendran, lead trainer , Byju's Classes, emphasized that it's not about the solutions but analysis that holds the key to cracking these exams.\"If students don't know how to use the 70 minutes they have, all effort in learning the subject is futile. Practising papers without analyzing them is pointless. After a point, students tend to just mug up. Instead , they need to analyze the subject, the time and the accuracy they showed at the exam. Students need to self analyze. We can guide them, but the effort has to be theirs,\" he said.IT MAKES A DIFFERENCESuch tests are important as children get to understand their strengths and weaknesses. They can gauge where they stand and make their preparations for the coming exams. These are things textbooks or the internet cannot really help them with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417555", "title": "GRCs to be linked to employment offering institutions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is mulling options to link its gender resource centres, which provide vocational training to women from weaker and vulnerable sections, with employment offering institutions and explore markets for their products.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit said this while inaugurating mega health camps at New Usmanpur and Shastri Nagar.\"This will instill confidence in trained women who are generally coming from weaker and other vulnerable sections of the society,\" Dikshit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418105", "title": "Another cop injured, now near sea link", "text": "MUMBAI: A traffic police constable sustained serious injuries after a car hit his motorcycle at Reclamation near Bandra-Worli Sea Link on Saturday. The person driving the car, Dhondiram Chauhan (38), has been arrested for rash and negligent driving.It's the fifth accident in two weeks, in which police personnel were either injured or killed. On Saturday, the constable, Pramod Patil (34), attached to the Bandra traffic police chowkie, was on his way to replace his colleague at the sea link. As he took a turn at Reclamation, a car came from the wrong direction and hit the police bike.Patil lost his balance, fell to the ground and the motorcycle fell on his leg. He has sustained multiple fractures in his left leg. A constable and the car driver took Patil to Lilavati Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11418723", "title": "Bal Mundkur cremated in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Bal Mundkur, a veteran in Indian advertising and founder of advertising firm Ulka, who died at his Verem residence on Saturday, was cremated at the St Inez crematorium on Sunday afternoon.Sources close to Mundkur said quite a \"handful of his nearest and dearest friends from Goa and beyond\" attended the cremation. No prayer service has been scheduled yet for Mundkur.There were neither speeches nor rituals during the cremation ceremony that was attended by his son Valmik Mundkur, his personal friends and friends from the world of advertising, media and business. These included Devika Rao, Nasser Munji, Adi Billimoria, hotelier Ralphe de Souza, ad personalities Naguesh Alai and Harsh Bhatkully and others.The 86-year old Mundkur, who retired to Goa around 1995, is remembered in Goa for his involvement in establishing the Museum of Christian Art at Rachol. Fr Avinash Rebello, the president of the managing committee of the museum remembered that Mundkur was a very close friend of the late Goan cartoonist Mario Miranda and together they formed the \"Amigos de Rachol\" (Friends of Rachol) in order to create a financial corpus for setting up the museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11418234", "title": "Reading has been sidelined nowadays, says Chitampalli", "text": "AMRAVATI: For overall development of the person, it is important to inculcate the reading habit since childhood but unfortunately people these days have sidelined reading, lamented noted writer and ornithologist Maroti Chitampalli. He was addressing the gathering at the inauguration of the book exhibition titled Granthostav Amravaticha on Sunday.The book exhibition was jointly organized by Marathi Bhasha Vibhag, Rajya Sahitya Va Sanskriti Mandal and Information Department. Chittampalli further said, reading give eternal happiness. \"I spent most of my time in forest and making records of my observations. However, it is a fact that even research and observations have been sidelined,\" he said.\"Reading helped me to jot down my research on various subjects in a proper way\", he said. Chitampalli added that after reading books right from ancient culture to literature of 13th century, he feels content.Divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur presided over the programme. The book exhibition will remain open till January 10. District and session court judge SS Hingne and noted litterateur Prabha Ganorkar were present in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11418526", "title": "US varsity to offer courses on Indian culture", "text": "MADURAI: Ball State University, Muncie, United States has decided to offer courses on Indian culture and Hindi so as to increase the strength of Indian students in the university, Jo Ann M Gora, president of the university said as she addressed the press here on Sunday. A delegation from the university is visiting the Kalasalingam University in Srivilliputur to inaugurate the national conference on theoretical computer science and discrete mathematics which will be held in the university from January 9 to 11.Ball State University has been collaborating with Kalasalingam University for the last five years and MoUs were signed with other institutions like Amity University, New Delhi and University of Hyderabad. Through collaboration, students and faculty will be exchanged between the institutions and students from Kalasalingam University can do one semester at Ball State University while some of its students will come to Kalasalingam University, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "subject ", "code": "11418011", "title": "Post office in dock for being indifferent", "text": "Subject : A joint deposit cannot be treated as an individual deposit after the death of one of the joint holders. Post office indicted for refusing to pay interest to account holder.Backdrop : There are several instances of government officials being indifferent to consumers but the extent to which harassment is meted out to the consumer is shocking.Case Study: Yogesh Vachharajan, who was working in the Bombay Port Trust, had opened two joint accounts with the post office under the Monthly Income Scheme (MIS). One investment was of Rs 4,20,000, where he was the first account holder with his wife Geeta being the joint holder. The second investment was of Rs 1,80,000, where his wife Geeta was the first account holder and he was the joint holder.After opening the account, during the subsistence of the deposit scheme, Yogesh expired. Geeta then approached the postal authorities to make the necessary changes but was advised that it was not necessary as the deposits were payable to either or survivor. She was told to intimate about the death at the time of maturity of the deposits.On maturity of the deposits, Geeta was told by the authorities that the investment limit under the scheme was Rs 3 lakh for individual deposits and Rs 6 lakh for joint deposits. At the time of investment, the amount was within the prescribed limits for a joint deposit. However, in view of the subsequent death of her husband, the deposits would have to be treated as individual deposits. Considering the aggregate value of the two deposits as Rs 6,00,000 (Rs 4,20,000 + Rs 1,80,000 ), she was told that she had violated the rules, which prescribed a limit of Rs 3 lakh for individual deposits. Hence for committing a breach of the rules, the bonus would not be paid, the interest paid on the excess deposit would be recovered, and in addition a penalty would be levied, which would be adjusted and deducted from the maturity value of the deposits.An aggrieved Geeta filed a complaint before the Mumbai Suburban District Forum. The postal authorities contested the complaint and placed the relevant rules on record. Advocates Hitesh Buch and Shailesh More, who represented Geeta, pointed out rule 20, which provides that when the death of a joint holder is reported, the post master has to instruct the surviving depositor to withdraw the amount that is in excess of the prescribed limit for deposits in single name. Hence, it was the responsibility of postal department to ask Geeta, as the surviving depositor, to withdraw the amount in excess . Yet, the authorities had failed to advise her and had misguided her that no changes were needed.In a judgment dated December 2, 2011- delivered by president of the forum, JL Deshpande, on behalf of the Bench comprising himself and Bidnurkar, the forum noted that the postal authorities had not disputed the fact that Geeta had approached them and that such advice had been given. Also, while other rules were printed in the passbook, the rule 20 was not printed. Accordingly, the forum held that the postal department was guilty of deficiency in service. The total deductions made amounted to Rs 1,67,870 but during the proceedings before the forum the postal authorities refunded the penal interest of Rs 46,670. Accordingly, the forum directed the postal authorities to pay the balance amount of Rs 1,21,200, along with the interest at the rate of 9%, and Rs 5,000 as costs.Impact: The postal authorities who deal with deposits on a day-to-day basis are expected to have proper and better knowledge than the common man. It is expected that they give correct guidance. Yet, due to their apathy, it is the consumer who needlessly suffers. This judgment should hopefully make the authorities realize that they too have certain duties and responsibilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11418573", "title": "Youth arrested for duping two of Rs 6 lakh", "text": "PANCHKULA: Panchkula police arrested, Rahul, 30, a resident of Yamunanagar, who had duped two youths Karambir and Surinder of Rs 6 lakh through net banking on September 24, 2011. The accused was arrested from his house in Peer Mushala, Zirakpur and produced in the court on Sunday and has been sent on a two day police remand. His other partner is still at large.It was on September 24, 2011 when two youths, residents of Kurukshetra, Karambir and his brother Surinder, alleged they were duped of Rs 6 lakh through net banking by Rahul and Vikas, who were running a travel agency in Panchkula. The case was registered at the Sector 20 police station.The victim in his complaint said the two accused, both residents of Sector 20, had promised to send them abroad. In that context, they had asked them to open an account in a private bank's branch in Sector 20.Once the account was opened, the accused took the net banking password and a blank signed cheque from the victims. After a few months, they asked the victims to get a fixed deposit of Rs three lakh each through the same bank's branch at Pipli.Later, when the victims checked, they realized their accounts had been swept clean, one by net banking and the other through the blank signed cheque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418185", "title": "City garbage disposal firm\u2019s takeover delayed by 3 days", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents of three corporation zones will be forced to put up with piles of garbage for three more days as the new conservancy agency, Ramky Enviro Engineers Limited, has postponed the start of its operations to January 12.Chennai Corporation sources said that the Hyderabad-based Ramky Enviro was scheduled to start collection, segregation, transportation and disposal of garbage in Teynampet (Zone IX), Kodambakkam (Zone X) and Adyar (Zone XIII) on January 9.\"Initially, they were to start operations from Monday but now they have deferred the date to Thursday. We are managing the conservancy work in these three zones,\" said a corporation official.Ramky Enviro has taken the contract for seven years. It will have to handle a total of 1,500 tonnes of garbage in the three zones covering 88sq km.The previous conservancy contractor, Neel Metal Fanalca, ended work in the four old zones of Pulianthope, Triplicane, Adyar and Kodambakkam on December 31.A corporation official said, \"Ramky is expected to clear all the garbage from the bus route roads by 9am. Garbage on interior roads will be cleared by 1pm. If they fail to do that, they will be fined. Once they start work, the garbage problem will be resolved.\"Sources in Ramky Enviro said they are close to starting work. \"The recruitment of workers is almost complete and we have bought the necessary equipment and vehicles. We do not want to start operations without being fully prepared,\" said a Ramky Enviro official.Ramky had asked for three months to set up operations in the city in November 2011. Following criticism about piling garbage, the corporation insisted that it start work in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419713", "title": "Metro Phase II to cost 764 trees", "text": "BANGALORE: The axe will fall on 764 trees to make way for Phase II of Namma Metro. While 432 trees will be chopped for extending the Phase I reaches, 332 trees will be cut for the two proposed lines.But the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) has promised to plant 10 saplings for every tree that is cut for Phase II of the project.The Phase I of the project, however, had resulted in about 1,600 trees being felled and had faced stiff resistance from the city's environmentalists. The Phase I runs across a length of 42.3 km in the heart of the, while the Phase II lines are proposed to span a length of 72.09 km. The Phase II may have ruffled quite a few feathers with the government proposing special cess on properties living along the project route as well as its catchment area. But the authorities are underlining a string of positive fallouts of the project.In fact, it has been stated that given the project's bonus points vis-a-vis environmental issues has negated even the necessity of a green clearance. \"The Metro rail project does not require any environmental clearance. However, an environmental impact assessment (EIA) is necessary to appraise its fallout. Accordingly , the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation , which was tasked with preparing the detailed project report, conducted the EIA. The only major issue is the loss of tree,\" said K M Shivakumar, additional chief secretary, urban development department (UDD), in a note to the state government.The EIA has identified the project's positive spinoffs: increased employment opportunities , economical benefits, reduction of number of vehicles on road, less fuel consumption, air pollution, travel time and accidents and enhancement of the city's aesthetics.The project will reduce significantly the number of carbon emitting road-based vehicles , by effecting a partial modal shift to the Metro which runs on electricity.Green FinanceThe state government is mulling encashing the Metro's green credentials for the benefit of the project. \"There will be gaps in operational budget, as revenues may not fully fund the expenditure. A part of it will be filled by revenue from carbon credit earnings,\" Shivakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11420863", "title": "Scholarship watch", "text": "Clarendon scholarshipsClarendon Scholarships are awarded to academically excellent students with the best proven and future potential. The scholarships cover tuition and college fees in full and a generous grant for living expenses, and are open to students starting a new course at Oxford. Clarendon scholarships are offered for the full period that you are liable to pay tuition fees to the university, which is usually the same as the length of your course. More on www.clarendon.ox.ac.uk .Requirements:All graduate applicants regardless of nationality are eligible. A high first class honours degree or its equivalent (a GPA score of at least 3.7 if the mark is out of 4, noting that most successful candidates achieve a score higher than 3.7) or an outstanding academic record at Master's level is necessary (noting that an outstanding Master's degree can compensate for a moderate first degree performance). Other indicators of high academic achievement may include individual marks on student transcripts; evidence of previous university prizes or awards; information on your overall position within your cohort; and publications (if applicable) .To apply:By applying for graduate study at Oxford University (application form for graduate study at www.ox.ac.uk/admissions /postgraduate_courses/apply/application_forms.html ) you will automatically be considered for a Clarendon Scholarship. You do not need to submit any additional documents specifically for the scholarships and there is no separate scholarship application form. You do, however, need to apply by the January application deadline.Submission:January 20Trinity College ScholarshipsTrinity College Dublin, the University of Dublin, ( www.tcd.ie ) has launched 16 postgraduate scholarships for the year, beginning October 2012. The scholarships are being offered in any of the university's taught Master's courses (oneyear , full-time MPhil/MSc) offered in arts, humanities, social sciences , science, computer science, engineering, mathematics and health sciences.The university's faculty of arts, humanities and social sciences is offering five scholarships in its taught postgraduate courses, valued at 3,000 euros each for one year. The faculty of health sciences is also offering five scholarships in its taught postgraduate courses valued at 3,000 euros for one year. The faculty of engineering, mathematics and science is offering four scholarships in its taught postgraduate courses valued at 3,000 euro for one year. Additionally, two postgraduate research scholarships valued at 6,000 euros per-year are being offered for three years for full-time study on a PhD programme . The scholarships can be for postgraduate research in any discipline of the faculty provided the supervision expertise is available.Requirements:Candidates must be Indian nationals and resident in India and eligible for overseas tuition fees (non EU). They must demonstrate academic ability and performance (based on results in a relevant undergraduate degree). Candidates pursuing taught postgraduate courses are eligible for 14 scholarships in arts, humanities, social sciences , engineering, mathematics, science and health sciences . Candidates pursuing postgraduate research courses are eligible for two scholarships in engineering, mathematics and science.To apply:Log on to www.tcd.ie/Graduate_Studies/Indian-Scholarships / for information on how to applySubmission:February 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418562", "title": "Train timings near normal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A few days after heavy fog blanket badly affected the road and rail traffic in the city, intermittent rainfall helped improve the situation considerably on Sunday, with trains journeying to Chandigarh railway station from New Delhi delayed only marginally.On Sunday, only trains arriving from eastern side of the country faced problems due to fog as Howrah-Kalka Mail arrived at Chandigarh delayed by 5 hours in its arrival time, while Lucknow-Chandigarh Express was delayed by approximately one hour.Trains from New Delhi fared much better than the past few days as the morning New Delhi-Kalka Himalayan Queen was delayed only by 15 minutes and morning New Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi Express was delayed by around half-an-hour on Sunday.The only train from Punjab, Amritsar-Chandigarh Duronto Express was late by 15 minutes in its arrival time at Chandigarh railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418202", "title": "Karlheinz Brandenburg explained at Techfest how 3D audio creates grand illusions of sound", "text": "MUMBAI: Do you have tech-savvy friends who do not download MP3 files through eMule, BitTorrent or WinMX? Unlikely.Also unlikely is that any of them is more adept at tech than Karlheinz Brandenburg. When you know that he is the man who co-invented the MP3 format, the irony strikes you that Brandenburg does not indulge in peer-to-peer file sharing.\"I pay for the music I access online,\" the audio technology pioneer, who spoke at IIT's Techfest on Sunday, told TOI. \"I believe in intellectual property rights.\"Brandenburg is the director of the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology, Europe's MIT Media Lab . At Techfest, he talked about the terrific advances sound engineering has made, in particular in 3D audio. \"This is more advanced than 3D video, where we are only dreaming of real holography. In 3D audio, the equivalent effect is already there. You can get the illusion of singers at various locations around you, the illusion of a plane flying from one end to the other... \"At present, there are 50 3D audio installations around the world: in theatres in Los Angeles , Romania , South Korea. It will come to India too at some point in time.\" It was Brandenburg's deep interest in music that took him to audio engineering. \"I was learning the recorder and the piano. Later, I took up the guitar so that I could sing along with people at campfires,\" he said. \"I feel lucky that I could turn my love of music into my profession.\"He carries his music in an iPod touch. It is a diverse collection, \"except for opera and heavy metal, which I somehow cannot listen to\", he said. He also has a variety of high-end earphones, from Sennheiser to Bose, but at present is using a pair from AKG, an Austrian brand that is another favourite of audiophiles.What does the future hold in sound systems? Can the concert hall experience be perfectly replicated in a room? \"3D seeks to do that, but there are difficulties. Not just our ears, but also the brain is involved in the feeling of music. And the brain goes by visual-audio perception. In a room, the brain does not see the concert hall. And this interferes with aural perception. New research is showing these difficulties with sound replication.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11418957", "title": "Shibpur family preserves Swamiji's relics", "text": "HOWRAH: Even before he created Belur Math, the headquarter of the internationally famous Ramakrishna Mission, Swami Vivekananda founded a temple dedicated to Ramakrishna Paramhansa, in a centuries-old house at Howrah's Shibpur. The house was frequented by Sarada Ma and its owner Nabagopal Ghosh was one of the closest non-monastic disciples of Sri Ramkrishna.After Paramhansa's death, Nabagopal Ghosh requested his 'gurubhai' to set up this temple in his house, to which Swamiji readily agreed. Those days, Vivekananda and 15 other monks of the newly-formed RKM, used to reside at a math (monastery) at Baranagar. It is but natural for this house, which has a large number of Swamiji's memorabilia, to commemorate Swamiji's 150th birth anniversary on January 12 in a special way. Swamiji returned from Chicago in 1897 and it was on February 6, 1898 that he founded the temple at Nabagopal's house. While in Berlin , Swamiji got three porcelain etchings of his guru done and the first of these he set up as the reigning deity of this temple. Needless to say that the second one is in Belur Math, away from public view, and the third at the RKM's Dhaka math.At the time of founding of the temple, when monks asked Swamiji the mantra for worship, he instantly coined 'Om Sthapakayacha Dharmasya Sarvadharma Swarupine....Avatar Barishthaya Ramakrishnay Namah' which later became the prayer of the entire RKM order.Swamiji later offered the silk pagdi that he wore during the Chicago address and a crystal statue of himself, gifted by Sister Nivedita and made by Lalique, the famous French crystal artifact maker, to Nabagopal and his wife, Nistarini Devi, as his \"most precious\" possessions.Curiously, there was no trace of the Lalique crystal for long. Senior monks of the RKM order, who are close to the Ghosh family, often asked them to search for it. \"Recently, while rummaging through the unopened wooden chests in the house, I found it neatly wrapped and kept with other objects of worship. We were thrilled. We have informed the RKM also about it,\" said S Ghosh, present scion of the Ghosh family, who is also a faculty member of Presidency University.On Sunday afternoon, as one walked into this house that is steeped in memories of Swamiji, one could smell the strong herbs and insect repellants that have just been sprayed to preserve these and other objects that Swamiji and Sarada Ma used during their stay in this house.\"We have to be extremely careful with these priceless memorabilia. There's always a danger of losing them to damp, insects and attack from other micro organisms. They are maintained by experts,\" Ghosh said.There's a room beside the temple, atop the house, where Swamiji lived during his visits to the house. The bed on which he slept, the harmonium that he used while singing, the ground floor room in which the piano and the organ are kept, have all been treated as the house expects a large number of visitors on January 12.The Swami Vivekananda Janmotsav Udjapan Committee, has also kept the house as part of its celebration circuit.Swami Purnabrahmananda, a senior monk of the RKM order corroborated the importance of the temple at Shibpur's Ghosh family. \"Swami Vivekananda reached the nearest ferry ghat on boat carrying the image of Paramhansa Ramkrishna. All the monks were with him. From the ghat they sang devotional songs and walked in a procession to the house of Nabagopal Ghosh. He founded the temple and also composed our prayer song sitting in the temple. The house is of great historical and spiritual importance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417447", "title": "Tribals make case for use of herbal medicine", "text": "MUMBAI: A few days before Christmas , a group comprising 150 tribal women wound its way around Byculla. Drawn from mofussil parts of the state, the participants confidentlyhit the streets of Mumbai to make a case for return to traditional roots in primary health care. They have been using herbal remedies to cure minor ailments in their villages, thereby avoiding the side effects of allopathy.The women are members of a special initiative by the Catholic church's archdiocese of Mumbai that seeks to promote natural therapy among tribals. The health promotion trust (HPT) programme is the brainchild of Fr Rocky Banz, parish priest of Gloria Church in Byculla. \"Although native tribals were once the repository of natural remedies, they are gradually losing this knowledge with the advent of modern medicine,\" Fr Rocky says.He points out that traditional Indian systems of medicine reigned supreme until the 19th century when the British introduced allopathy. \"However, allopathy has its side effects. People have begun to realise it is better to revert to simple home remedies for minor ailments like the common cold, diarrhoea as well as aches and pains.\"The HPT staff is working in 15 centres across the archdiocese to reintroduce ayurveda , yoga, unani, homoeopathy and naturopathy,\" Fr Rocky said. Dr Maitrayee Bhattacharya is helping to implement this initiative. \"We are handing simple tips on diet and health to women health workers in tribal areas while keeping in mind that they belong to the low income group,\" she says. \"Already, the outreach has expanded to Tembhipada in Bhandup, Powai, Gorai and Dongri Uttan as far as Kalyan, Karjat, Panvel and Kolad.\" HPT has tied up with Ayush, an initiative by the Centre's health and family welfare department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11419403", "title": "2 monks set themselves on fire, 1 dies", "text": "BEIJING: China has confirmed that two more Tibetan monks have committed self-immolation in the southwest Sichuan province on Friday. One of them, an 18-year-old died while the other, 22, is being treated in a hospital in Aba Country, the scene of more than a dozen cases of self-immolation by monks, and a nun, in recent months.The official media quoted a government-run thinktank as saying those indulging in self-immolation were former monks, who had been found to be involved in several cases of wrongdoing including stealing and prostitution . The dead monk had stolen the statue of Buddha from a monastery, it said. This is a new form of accusation against monks, who had earlier been accused of anti-national activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11416865", "title": "Underpaid staff of MU colleges rue their lot", "text": "PATNA: The non-teaching staff of Magadh University (MU) colleges are a frustrated lot. Even though their payscales have been revised, they are getting much less than what is due. In many colleges, the staff are getting only 50 to 60 percent of their salaries per month.Sri Arvind Mahila College, a constituent unit of MU located at Patna, gets fund from the university for the payment of monthly salaries to only 21 non-teaching staff. But the college pays salaries to as many as 32 staff from the funds meant for 21 staff. Consequently, the staff are getting just 60 percent of their actual salaries per month.College principal Asha Singh said that the college was not receiving fund for the payment of salaries to as many as 11 non-teaching staff for the last several months. The government has not been releasing their salaries on the plea that their posts were not sanctioned. She has been trying her best to get their salaries released after getting them adjusted against sanctioned posts.MU vice-chancellor Arun Kumar said that the university is working just like a post office. Whatever grants are received from the state government are sent to the respective colleges hence the question of diversion of funds does not arise. He, however, asserted that the problem of surplus staff working against unsanctioned posts would be sorted out soon.Director, higher education , Sita Ram Singh pointed out that the staff appointed on compassionate grounds against unsanctioned posts are not entitled to salaries. The university should transfer these staff against sanctioned posts available in other colleges so that their salaries may be paid. In no case, the regularly appointed staff working on sanctioned posts can be victimized, he added.Expressing his concern over the non-payment of salaries to as many as 320 non-teaching staff of MU colleges, Bihar State University and College Employees' Federation general secretary Ganga Prasad Jha demanded immediate rationalization of posts in different colleges and adjustment of staff against vacant sanctioned posts. Additional posts may be created to absorb the staff appointed on compassionate grounds, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11419695", "title": "Look, there are alternatives to hysterectomy", "text": "PUNE: With advances in medical science, hysterectomy need not be a necessity. Women can opt for oral remedies, hormonal injections, intra-uterine devices and endometrial ablation to get rid of problems like heavy bleeding and fibroids. Experts say that doctors should resort to hysterectomy only when all other treatment options fail.Hysterectomy is the surgical removal of the uterus and, sometimes, the ovaries. This procedure ends menstruation and the patient can never bear children. It can also cause hormonal imbalances.\"Women should know the side effects of hysterectomy, discuss it with their gynaecologists and opt for hysterectomy only when the benefits outweigh the risks,\" said endocrinologist Mohan Magdum of Poona Hospital and Research Centre.Gynaecologist Leena Patankar of Patankar Nursing Home said, \"Alternative treatment options like MIRENA insertion (a type of intra-uterine device), balloon ablation, TCRE can get rid of problems in many cases. Hysterectomy should only be performed when existing treatment methods have failed to yield results.\"Senior gynaecologist Sanjay Gupte, former president of FOGSI, said, \"Doctors cite heavy bleeding as a reason for removal of uterus, but they should resort to hysterectomy only when all other treatments fail to give results.\"There is rising concern about unnecessary hysterectomies as the complications follow the removal of ovaries. Patients have to be on a Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) which does no good to lessen side-effects like mood swings, vaginal dryness, itching, osteoporosis, weight gain and a decrease in libido.\"Though we can treat these changes with estrogen hormones and designer estrogen, it is not fool-proof. In addition we have to give more attention to prevention of osteoporotic fractures and heart disease,\" said Magdum.Consultant gynaecologist and vaginal surgeon Pankaj Sarode said, \"The incidence of hysterectomy has remained almost the same over a period. Indications for surgery are actually decreasing because of newly invented and advanced conservative mana gement options for gynaecological diseases. The apparent increase may be due to i n - creased incidence of fibroids in uterus apart from malignancy (cancer). This is related to lifestyles involving late marriages, fewer conceptions, prolonged use of contraceptive medications, less duration of breast feeding and food habits and stress,\" said Sarode.Gynaecologist Charuchandra Joshi, president of the city chapter of Pune Obstetrics and Gynecological Association (POGS) said, \"I have not experienced significant rise in the number of hysterectomies in my practice, as percentage of total number of surgical procedures has remained about the same.\"The commonest reasons for hysterectomy are prolonged and heavy menstrual blood loss, presence of fibroids and downward sagging of the uterus, called prolapse. \"Uncommonly, cancer of some part of the female reproductive organs may be the reason for hysterectomy,\" Joshi said.The age of women undergoing the procedure has also not significantly dropped. \"There are two reasons -- an overall trend of hysterectomy only if necessary and patients prefer expert opinions before a final decision. Menstrual disorders have alternative treatments like oral medicines containing safe hormones and intra-uterine devices with hormones,\" Joshi said.Women should always consult qualified gynaecologists. \"They may take a second opinion and ask questions (questionnaires are on internet) to avoid unnecessary surgeries,\" Sarode said. A patient need not be alarmed, if hysterectomy has been suggested by a qualified gynaecologist. \"The patient may seek a second or a third opinion from other qualified gynaecologists,\" Joshi said.The surgical and anasthesia techniques have made surgery safe, provided,it is carried out at a well-equipped place by an expert gynaec surgeon. The patient can walk home in about 3-4 days after surgery and return to work too. A careful follow up after surgery combined with certain lifestyle changes, can prevent untoward effects of the operation to a great extent, he added.MIRENA INSERTIONMirena is a small plastic Tshaped contraceptive device that contains the active ingredient levonorgestrel- a synthetic form of progesterone. Once inserted it steadily releases the levonorgestrel into the womb which prevents the endometrium from thickening each month in preparation to receive a fertilised egg. It reduces the amount of tissue shed each month and makes periods lighter.CHECK BEFORE SURGERY FOR HEAVY BLEEDING * Hormonal treatment * Hormone with intra-uterine devices * Endometrial ablation and transcervical resection of endometrium * Trans-cervical resection of endometriumFOR FIBROIDS * Hysteroscopic treatment: For removal of polyps and submucus fibroids * A few hormonal injections which will shrink the size of fibroid * High intensity focus ultrasound waves are focused on the fibroid under MRI guidance to dissolve the fibroidFOR PREMALIGNANCY * Hysterectomies for premalignant legions of cervix can be avoided in few cases by LEEP (Loop Electrosurgical Excision Procedure) procedure or by taking cone shaped peices of cervix for biopsy known as cone biopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11419321", "title": "Students leave youth club with green minds", "text": "MYSORE: Students of 34 institutions clad in green t-shirts were all excited to receive the certificates here on Sunday after completing a 25-week youth club programme organized by Mysore Zoo in 2011.Certificates were awarded for 61 students, including 32 boys and 29 girls who have participated in programme. In the past 19 years, more than 1,000 students have completed this programme. Mysore Zoo executive director B P Ravi said the aim of youth club is to develop leadership qualities among youths to spread the message of wildlife protection and environmental conservation on successive Sundays. Participants were exposed to classroom lectures and were taken to wildlife areas during the course of programme.Chandrika, a Class X student told TOI that she learnt discipline and team work from the youth club. \"Nurturing nature is the future plans for my life,\" she added. The programme has also inspired another student Ullas as he wants to impart knowledge about conservation of environmental issues among people. He said the program opened up his mind to start working for conservation of forests. \"The course also helped me academically after listening to lectures by experts on topics like biodiversity, climatic changes, road ecology, identification of bird through calls and some other environmental topics,\" said Ullas.This educative programme has changed the attitude of Sankya Krishnan, a participant. She said, \"Earlier I use to tease animals but after attending this course I have stopped it.\" Sharing her experience of the course she said: \"It was a mind-blowing experience during the trek to Chamundi Hill and field trips to Ranganthitu, Kokkre Bellur, Bandipur and Nagarhole gave us a chance to know about wildlife management.\" During the programme, participants rendered a poem, composed by them and the dignitaries released the zoo newsletter and annual report of zoo 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11419153", "title": "KSGEA urges govt to fill vacant posts", "text": "BELGAUM: L Bhyrappa, president of Karnataka State Government Employees Association (KSGEA) on Saturday urged the state government to recruit employees for the about 1.12 lakh vacant posts in different departments on priority basis. Addressing reporters here, Bhyrappa said that because of the shortage of staff, present employees were facing several problems in completing their works on time.\"This has affected the implementation of several schemes and also overburdened the employees. The government has not increased posts in several departments equal to the population growth. For the past 10 years,\" he added. Bhyrappa added that after the Central government implemented 6th pay commission, most of the states followed the same. \"However, in the state it is yet to be implemented. Bowing to the KSGEA pressure, the government has appointed a committee in this regard and has given nine months period to submit its report. Good news is that the government has now agreed to pay 15% interim relief to employees based on revised payments,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424527", "title": "No issues with Bhushan: Himesh Reshammiya", "text": "Himesh Reshammiya is doing a number of things and enjoying it. The music composer-singer-actor will now be seen as a mentor in the new music reality show Sur Kshetra. With a whole lot of movies and songs behind him, Himesh says he's enjoyed all of them.But if he had to choose one film of his which he thoroughly enjoyed, which would would be it? \"Damaddum,\" he says hesitating, \"I'm very proud of it. It's a clean entertainer. Of course, Aap ka suroorr was a huge hit. I have a 40 per cent success ratio. But I will try and better my performance,\" he says.And has he ever not enjoyed any of his films? \"No, I've enjoyed them all. But I was not very happy with the way Kajraare was released. Pooja Bhatt made a very nice film and I somehow feel it was not released properly. But that's a thing of the past. Bhushan Kumar and I have resolved our issues,\" he says. Himesh, who will be seen in an action film next, wants to lose weight and tone up before he starts shooting for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418319", "title": "I-T collection in city drops by 47%", "text": "NAGPUR: In what seem to be signs of a downturn, income tax collection from the Nagpur region has not only been far below the target but also dropped as compared to that of previous year. Nagpur and Kanpur are two regions in the country which registered decline in direct tax collection on year-on-year basis. The overall growth in the country stands at 8%, which is again a fall as against a hike of 18% achieved in the year before.The total tax collection in Nagpur which covers entire Vidarbha as on December 31 2011, stands at Rs1973 crore which is just 47% of the target set at Rs4134 crore. Out of this, corporation tax which is collected from limited companies has taken a major hit, as net collections stand at Rs1100 which is less than half of the target, pegged at Rs2455 crore, said a source in the department. This is mainly because of a below-than-expected collection from public sector undertakings (PSUs) - Western Coalfields Limited and Manganese Ore India Limited (MOIL), which contribute towards a chunk of the corporation tax raised from the region.\"It seems poor sales in the PSUs have trimmed their profit in turn bringing down the tax collections too,\" said an official involved in data compilation in the income tax department. However, the target has been missed on the personal tax front also, as only Rs877 crore could be collected as against the targeted Rs1679 crore, said the source.The overall tax collection for the period is less by 1.13% as compared to the same period last year when the tally stood at Rs1998 crore. Kanpur, which is the other region that registered a negative growth, sees a decline of 14%. Tax mop up for the entire country has grown by 8%, at Rs2,96,882 crore.Senior chartered accountant and chairman of Nagpur Nagarik Sahakari Bank, Rajesh Loya attributes the phenomenon to a decline in profitability in business across the board. \"The mining sector too has seen a setback during the year. Even though the turnover remained same, inflation and high interest rates have taken a toll on the profits,\" Loya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418061", "title": "Patil's dance bar warning only lip service?", "text": "MUMBAI: State home minister R R Patil's threats to initiate action against the zonal deputy commissioner of police and senior police inspector of the areas where dance bars have been found operational have fallen flat.\"The social service branch conducted raids in December 2011 and in the first week of the new year. Nearly three dozen girls were rescued from bars in this period. But Patil is yet to initiate action against the DCP and senior police inspector of the areas where dance bars were found operational,\" said a senior home department official. \"If few heads from the police department roll, then it could set an example for others in the department and Patil might be able to achieve his target of 'complete ban' on dance bars in the city and the rest of the state,\" the official added.Dance bars first appeared in Mumbai in the late '80s. Initially, there were less than two dozen bars, but by 2000, nearly 1,800 dance bars were operational in Mumbai and its surrounding areas. In 2005, Patil mooted a proposal to ban dance bars in the state and was successful in getting the consent of the state legislative assembly and council members for his ambitious proposal.Despite the ban, dance bars continued to operate in a few pockets of the city. In 2010, MNS legislator Pravin Darekar raised the issue in the state legislative assembly and asked Patil to clarify the home department's stand on the issue. Patil told the legislative assembly that stern action would be initiated against the DCP and senior police inspector of the areas where bars are functional. \"The police are not scared of Patil's announcement to take action against erring officials or else, one would not have found so many dance bars in Mumbai. The home minister's announcement is nothing but lip service,\" Devendra Fadnavis, senior BJP legislator, alleged.When contacted, Patil said he still stands by his announcement in the state legislative assembly. \"No innocent should be punished. Therefore, before initiating any action, one needs to find out whether the local police is guilty or not,\" Patil said. \"I have sought details about the recent raids on the dance bars. The department will probe whether the dance bars were functioning with the support of the local police. If the police officers are found guilty, certainly action will be taken against the offenders,\" Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423634", "title": "Career dilemmas answered", "text": "I have done B.Tech in Electronics and Communication. I want to do my masters in Canada. Please guide me.Have a look at the Master's degree offered at University of Toronto and University of Ottawa in Canada. The GRE and TOEFL are entrance tests required the universities. For more information on these exams refer to the Prep Talks' and 'Test Drives' sections on www.educationtimes.com.For the application procedure, you will need to shortlist the universities you plan to apply to, complete the online application forms and then mail the supporting documents such as resume, recommendation letters, SOP, financial documents mark sheets and transcripts to the universities.Please check with each university for their individual requirements before you apply and be sure to complete this process nine months prior to the starting date of your course.I want to do Masters in robotics or mechatronics. My marks so far: 10th 64.4 per cent; 12th: 52 per cent; B.Tech CSE 65 per cent: TOEFL ibt 78 writing-25 reading-20 listening-16 speaking-17 ; GRE Revised test verbal-137 quant-149 . I have done my major project on mobile robot. I am quite depressed I didn't score well in GRE because of viral fever, so my dream of studying in the US is shattered. Please suggest where I can do my masters in - Canada , European countries or the US with my score.Have a look at University of Denver for a Masters in Mechatronics Systems Engineering in the US see whether it suits your requirements.Alternatively you can also consider University of Essex and University of Plymouth in the UK which offer a Master's degree in Intelligence and Robotics.Universities abroad consider various factors such as previous academics, entrance test scores, work experience , application documents and so on while assessing an application for admission and scholarships; hence, it is imperative to have a well rounded outstanding profile before you apply.(Karan Gupta is a renowned career counsellor for study abroad queries and has been working as a professional counsellor since 1999.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11418715", "title": "Control rooms set up in North Goa for polls", "text": "PANAJI: The office of the collector, district magistrate and district election officer has set up control rooms at Panaji, Ponda, Bicholim, Mapusa, Pernem and Valpoi for receiving complaints relating to the elections in 23 assembly constituencies in North Goa.The control room number at the district election office, Panaji, is Ph:1077/2225083/8888807960. Other contact numbers are: SDM Panaji (2225511); SDM Ponda (2312469); SDM Bicholim (2362058); SDM Mapusa (2262038); SDM Pernem (2201223); office of Sattari, mamlatdar (2374090).SMSs can be sent to the 'public grievances redressal management system' on the mobile number. Names will be kept confidential, the press release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11419537", "title": "Ex-student Bratya steals hearts at Taki school", "text": "KOLKATA: He came, he spoke and he conquered the hearts of many young souls. From the serious author, dramatist, actor and education minister, Bratya Basu in an instant seemed to be completely at ease on being addressed as Bratya-da and Bratya-Sir by the students of Taki Government Boys' High School.For an hour and a half on Sunday, the minister interacted with the students, giving them suggestions, sharing his childhood dreams, narrating anecdotes, inspiring them and even passing on some naughty ideas. Basu was a student in this school for two months before he moved to study in a college, which he had thought \"would have lesser restrictions than school\" .While one boy asked him to solve a puzzle, some others wanted to share his views on the state of education in West Bengal with a concern for future. Basu, nostalgic about his school days, said it had been the best time of his life. He urged parents to encourage children to study literature even when their world revolved around computers and comic books.He admitted that it was much easier to resolve the problems of a decaying education system in reel life, than to find quick fix solutions in real life. \"It is difficult to suggest immediate remedies to improve the system. Many people wish to bring about changes, but I believe it is more important to bring a complete transformation than a small change,\" he said.Remembering his teachers, Basu said: \"With some I developed such intimate bond that they have become a part of me and who I am.\"Some thoughtful little ones asked him which role he found more close to his heart - that of a minister or what he played on stage. And pat came the reply: \"Even though I am a minister, I would like you to think me as one of your own.\"When Suprakash Chanda of Class XII asked if it was true that being good in studies would ensure a good income, Basu gently said: \"There is a relation between the two. But money should not be the sole deciding factor in life.\"Clearing confusion looming large over the Common Medical Entrance Test, continuing examinations in schools but doing away with detention in classes and introducing new optional subjects, Basu said that the CMET would possibly be held from next year.When a student of Class III complained that bullies from senior classes did not allow him and his friends to play, Basu smilingly assured him that he would take it up with the principal and ensure that they could play without being harassed by anyone.Making a triumphant gesture, the student announced: \"Head-sir er sir ke complain kore diyechi, ebar kheltey parbo!\"Emerging from the session, Basu said: \"Hridoy chhunye geche\" (the interaction touched my heart).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11419386", "title": "\u2018Govt won\u2019t open probe against me\u2019", "text": "Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari has said the PPP-led government will not approach Swiss authorities to reopen a probe into allegations of money laundering against him, a move that could anger the SC which has been demanding the revival of the cases.Zardari said asking the Swiss government to revive the corruption cases would be tantamount to putting his slain wife, former PM Benazir Bhutto , on trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419399", "title": "MU doc dies; wife, three others hurt in accident", "text": "LUCKNOW: A professor in paediatric department of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) died while his wife, a neurosurgeon friend and his wife sustained serious injuries when the SUV they were travelling in rammed into a stationary trolley parked by the roadside on the outskirts of the state capital on Sunday afternoon.The driver of the SUV was also critically wounded in the mishap. The two couples were on their way home after attending a medical conference in Bareilly when the incident took place. Police reports said that Dr Yogesh Govil (56) and his friend Dr Piyush Mittal had gone to attend a medical conference in Bareilly. Dr Govil's wife Rashmi and Dr Mittal's wife Sandhiya had also accompanied them. Dr Mittal works with a private nursing home situated near the KD Singh Babu Stadium in Hazratganj.The two couples were returning from the conference in an SUV with driver Vinod Kumar behind the wheels. The vehicle had barely entered the Lucknow limits around 12:30 am on Sunday when it rammed into a trolley (ones that are attached to tractors). The impact of the collision was so strong that the trolley was thrown off the road into the farm field by the roadside. Due to the force of the impact, Dr Govil, who was sitting in the front seat near the driver's seat, crashed into the windscreen. The driver and the remaining three passengers of the SUV were also wounded critically. The injured were rushed to the trauma centre where doctors pronounced Dr Govil as \"dead upon arrival\".According to the doctors, the condition of the remaining four victims was critical. They suffered multiple injuries and efforts are on to stabilise all their parameters, the doctors said. Dr Govil's body was sent for postmortem examination. He is survived by a teenage daughter and a younger son apart from his critically wounded wife Rashmi. Doctors are keeping a constant watch on the condition of all the four victims. Police, after visiting the scene of mishap, were of the view that the driver of the SUV apparently fell asleep while driving and so lost control over the wheels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422029", "title": "Oz cricket film to be shot in UP?", "text": "A unit of the Australian film, Save Your Legs, is all set to shoot in Varanasi from January 11.The comedy, to be directed by Boyd Hicklin and starring Oz actors Stephen Curry , Brendan Cowell and Damon Gameau, is reportedly based on a Melbourne cricket team, and is inspired by a 2005 documentary of the same name. According to sources, the protagonist of the film comes to Varanasi in connection with a cricket match.He visits tourist spots in the city and even falls ill and is hospitalised. A production team from the film recently visited the city for a recce and identified areas like the ghats, the airport, some prominent hotels and even parts of the Banaras Hindu University as possible locations for the film shoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424730", "title": "Michael Fassbender has no 'insecurities'", "text": "Michael Fassbender is \"utterly fearless\" when it comes to nude scenes.The 'Inglourious Basterds' actor is not afraid to show himself in a bad light in his films he makes and his dedication to his roles - particularly the graphic sexual content of his latest film 'Shame' - sets him apart from other actors according to co-star Carey Mulligan.She said: \"The minute you want to talk about sex with people seriously it makes people uncomfortable. Michael has no insecurity, or if he does he hides it away somewhere where people can't see it.\"A lot of actors, especially when they are as talented and good looking as Michael, only want parts where they are shown in a good light. If I learned anything working with Michael, it's that he's utterly fearless.\"Michael is also unflinching about having to get naked for the film, in which his character, Brendan, is a sex addict.He said: \"You know, like a guy is naked, and there's a penis on the camera, and it's a big deal. Women are always parading around naked in films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418148", "title": "Sukumaran Nambiar, BJP leader, dead at 64", "text": "CHENNAI: Sukumaran Nambiar, believed to be the pointman of BJP heavyweight L K Advani during the 1998 and 2004 Lok Sabha elections when the party struck a tie-up with the AIADMK, died on Sunday morning. The end came at his Gopalapuram residence around 10.30am following a massive heart attack, party sources said.A national executive member of the BJP and former treasurer of the party, Nambiar was the son of veteran Tamil actor M N Nambiar, a long-time friend of former chief minister M G Ramachandran and the present chief minister J Jayalalithaa . He had unsuccessfully contested from North Chennai constituency in the 2004 general elections, losing to DMK rival C Kuppuswamy. He largely devoted himself to organizational work.Nambiar (64), an industrialist by profession, was a black belt holder in karate, martial arts instructor for Tamil Nadu police commandos and also served as president of the All India Ayyappa Seva Sangam. He is survived by his wife and two sons.The last rites would be held around 9.30am on Monday at Besant Nagar crematorium and would be attended among others by BJP president Nitin Gadkari. M N Nambiar, who died in November 2008, had acted in several films with MGR and Jayalalithaa, albeit as a villain.Sukumaran had held a press conference a few days ago at the state BJP office attacking the Centre for what he termed as its \"passive\" role in the Mullaperiyar dam controversy and had stressed the need for an amicable solution to the dispute to maintain harmony between people of the two states.Jayalalithaa and BJP state president Pon Radhakrishnan were among those who expressed condolences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418122", "title": "79k tech seats are vacant in state", "text": "NAGPUR: It can't get worse than this. On the one hand there is a huge demand for skilled technical manpower in the country, while on the other, seats are remaining vacant at an alarming rate every year. Ironically, the situation is more or less the same all over the country. In Maharashtra, a staggering number of over 79,000 seats remained vacant in all technical faculties that included diploma, degree and postgraduate degree courses coming under Directorate of Technical Education (DTE).Highly placed sources in DTE said that these vacant seats were from the trades like MBA/MMS, MCA, BE/BTech, BPharm, BArch, post-SSC/HSC diploma and Hotel Management and Catering Technology (HMCT) courses. Over 2.80 lakh seats were available under centralized admission process (CAP) conducted by DTE in 1,679 colleges across state. Of these, about 2.05 lakh were filled till the end of CAP fourth round.Ironically, MBA/MMS courses seemed to be least favourite among students with nearly 50% seats remaining vacant. The case is worse in Nagpur University where 59% management seats remained vacant in 60 colleges. Though the number of MBA seats is increasing every year, the colleges are facing crunch of students, especially the new ones. Even in 2010-11 session, over 5,000 MBA seats remained vacant all over the state.Only MCA course was in demand having 92% of its seats quota filled.The situation is no different in other technical streams, including engineering, which is popular among all courses under DTE. In engineering degree courses, nearly 30% seats remained vacant in the state while in diploma 25% were not filled. This happened even after AICTE lowered bar for engineering admissions from 50% in class XII examination till last year to 45% (40% for reserved category) aggregate in physics, chemistry and mathematics (PCM) group. Over 2.54 lakh applicants appeared in MHT-CET in May. Still, a large number of seats remained vacant despite extending dates and lowering eligibility criterion. Other prominent streams such as BPharm, DPharm, BArch and HMCT also witnessed declining trend of students.Though state director of technical education Subhash Mahajan was not available for comments, joint director of technical education in Nagpur Gulab Thakre attributed the trend to ever-increasing number of colleges. \"Even the number of students coming to Maharashtra from other states like UP and Bihar has dropped sharply as many colleges have opened in that states.\"Speaking about NU colleges, he added that students from the region prefer colleges in Mumbai and Pune due to better job opportunities. \"They stand a good chance to get decent placement in these cities as compared to Vidarbha,\" he said, adding that the situation would normalize in a couple of years as student numbers may swell while colleges' number would remain stagnant.Vacancy in all state colleges coming under DTECourse----------------Colleges-------Total seats-------- Vacancy------- %BE/BTech ---------- 348 ------------- 1,10,820 ----------- 77,182------- 69.64Polytechnic--------617 ------------- 1,11,257 ---------- 84,512 ----- 75.96MBA/MMS --------- 408 ------------- 33,778 ------------ 17,208 ------- 50.94MCA ---------------- 141 -------------- 8423 --------------- 7,774 --------- 92.29BPharm -------------147 -------------- 7,312 -------------- 5,989 --------- 81.90BArch ---------------- 9----------------- 412 -----------------296 ------------ 71.84HMCT ---------------- 9------------------396 ----------------222 ------------- 56.06Vacancy in colleges coming under DTE in six districts in NU's jurisdictionCourse-----Colleges-------Total seats----- Vacancy---- %BE/BTech ---------- 58 ------------- 23,102 ----------- 7,757------- 33.57Polytechnic-62 ---------- 22,805 ---------- 6011 ----- 26.35MBA ---------- 60 ---------- 4,590 ------------ 2677 ------- 58.32MCA ---------- 20 ----------1,170 -------------- 316 --------- 27BPharm -------19 --------- 1,110 ------------ 256 --------- 23.06DPharm ------ 27----------- 1,620 ------------294 --------- 18.14", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11416824", "title": "Aarushi murder case: Rajesh Talwar to remain on bail, rules SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday ruled that Dr Rajesh Talwar would remain on bail till he appears before court on February 4 to face trial in his daughter Aarushi's murder case.Further proceedings against Rajesh Talwar to be decided by Ghaziabad court, the court ruled.The Supreme Court heard his bail petition today, two days after he was asked by the apex court to face trial along with his wife Nupur for the murder of their teenage daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj.The court had on Friday upheld orders of the trial court and the Allahabad high court to try the dentist couple as accused in the double murder of 2008.Talwar's bail plea will have a bearing on his spouse Nupur, who now stands as an accused in the double murder case.Talwar has been out on bail since 2008 when the CBI, on the basis of its preliminary investigation, gave the couple a clean chit. The agency reversed its stand after detailed investigations carried out by a different team pointed to the couple as the primary suspects in the case. The agency, however, said it did not have strong enough evidence to prosecute them in the sensational crime.The agency filed a closure report before the trial court in Ghaziabad citing lack of prosecutable evidence. However, Preeti Singh, the magistrate presiding over the court, rejected the closure report, saying there was enough material in the \"closure report\" to justify trial of the couple for the twin murders.An apex court bench headed by Justice A K Ganguly passed the directions on a plea by Talwar seeking his continuation of bail granted to him in 2008, The bench had on Friday dismissed the couple's plea to quash criminal proceedings against them. The bench had said there was nothing wrong in the Ghaziabad magistrate's order taking cognizance against them and putting them on trial. The trial judge passed the order after applying his mind, the bench had noted.\"We feel constrained to observe that the court should exercise utmost restraint before interfering in the magistrate's order,\" the bench had said adding, \"The magistrate has applied his mind to come to the conclusion of taking cognisance in the case.\"Fourteen-year-old Aarushi, the only daughter of the Talwars, was found dead with her throat slit at the family's Noida residence on the night of May 15, 2008. The body of domestic help Hemraj was found on the terrace the next day.Investigation in the case was initially carried out by the Uttar Pradesh police which arrested Talwar on May 23, 2008. The probe was handed over to CBI on May 29 and Talwar was granted bail by the Ghaziabad court on July 11 as the agency had arrested three servants - Krishna, Vijay Mandal and Rajkumar. The agency had claimed that the three servants had consumed liquor in the house on that day along with Hemraj and then they killed Aarushi and Hemraj.The CBI reconstituted its team and, after a fresh probe lasting almost two years, filed a closure report in the case in the Ghaziabad special CBI court. The magistrate took cognizance of the case and summoned Talwars on February 9, 2011.The couple subsequently moved the Allahabad HC, which dismissed their plea to quash the trial court summons and the proceedings initiated against them. They then approached the apex court which had on March 9 last year stayed the trial against them but it vacated the stay on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417561", "title": "Post Dalai fracas, India, China ready for talks again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Emerging from a difficult year in bilateral relations, India and China kick off the new year with a boundary dialogue next week, hoping to strike a better note this year.Dai Bingguo , China's special representative, will be in Delhi next week for another round of boundary talks with national security adviser Shivshankar Menon. The talks were called off in November after China wanted an event by Dalai Lama being held simultaneously to be cancelled. India refused which prompted the Chinese to prefer to call off the talks.Sources said within weeks, China and India worked hard to firm up a second set of dates in January. The talks are not likely to lead to a breakthrough but the effort on both sides is to work out a framework for the boundary which can then be applied on the map. That is a slow process, but also both countries are apparently willing to let the process take its time.The Indian side is also keen to use this opportunity to change the tenor of India-China relations which has acquired strong adversarial overtones. Therefore, a military delegation which ran into visa hurdles with an IAF officer did not retire hurt. But the government pruned the team from 30 to 15 and sent it to China anyway, despite the risk of leaving a perception of giving in to the Chinese. The first defence dialogue with the Chinese side in December after a year-long chill went off surprisingly well, officials present at the talks said.It appears that similar sentiments are emanating from the Chinese. On Sunday, in a rare gesture, Liu Zhenmin, an assistant foreign minister of China, said it would push for faster development of ties with India in 2012. In an interview to Xinhua, China's official news agency, Liu said, \"China is willing to make joint efforts with India to continuously implement the important consensus reached between leaders of the two countries, maintain high-level exchanges, enhance strategic mutual trust, deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields and properly handle issues concerning the bilateral relationship.\"He added, \"China hopes that the two sides will support each other and learn from each other, so as to push for better and faster development of Sino-Indian strategic and cooperative partnership.\"During a recent controversy involving a couple of Indian traders and an Indian diplomat in Yiwu, China reacted swiftly to an Indian travel advisory by arresting five Chinese suspected to have kidnapped the Indian traders.Analysts say China will be going through a massive leadership transition in 2012, which makes them unusually sensitive anyway. They would not like to open a front with India at this point, particularly when even economic news coming out of China is not cause for much cheer. Between North Korea and Pakistan , two of China's close allies, chronic instability has added to uncertainty in the regional context, to which is added the diplomatic tensions over the South China Sea issue and tough rhetoric with the US.In 2012, India too is likely to remain embroiled in domestic political problems, and with declining economic growth, India too doesn't want to ramp up tensions with China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418238", "title": "Actor alleges fraud by producer", "text": "CHENNAI: Actor Sona, who lodged a sexual harassment complaint against playback singer and actor SPB Saran few months ago, has alleged fraud and forgery by the producer who she claims tried to dub and sell the rights of her movie 'Kanimozhi' to others. She has requested the Tamil Nadu Film Producers' Council on Saturday to take action.According to the complaint by Sona Heiden, owner of Uniq Production, she entered into an agreement with T Siva, proprietor of Amma Creations and member of the producers council, on January 28, 2010, for purchasing the entire rights to the film 'Kanimozhi'.\"I have 50% ownership right along with Siva for other Indian languages also,\" said Heiden. \"Siva cannot sell the rights without my written consent and without sharing the profits with me.\"Heiden said that Siva had entered into an agreement with third parties for dubbing the film in Telugu. She alleged that he forged her signature and sold the rights. \"Siva conspired with Jakkula Nageswara Rao to dub the film in Telugu. They conspired to cheat me and defraud me,\" she said. She filed her complaint with the producers' council and said she is planning to go to the police on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11417962", "title": "Six arrested for extortion", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana police have arrested six members of a self-proclaimed social group for allegedly extorting money from businessmen on the pretext of purchasing blankets for needy people.Rajesh Shinde (32), Sanjay Samal (32), Rakesh Waghmare (24), Vishal Shendge (23), Karan Kasbe (20) and Sunny Awghade (28), all from Ganj Peth, were arrested by a police team led by senior police inspector Manohar Joshi of the Deccan Gymkhana police station.Police inspector S P Patil told TOI that so far four complaints had been registered against the suspects. \"We have seized 10 receipts books from the suspects, printed in the name of various social groups,\" he said.Patil said that one of the four complainants, Suhas Marathe, has an office on Bhandarkar Road. On December 28, four suspects had gone to his office and asked him for money for 100 blankets, which they wanted to distribute to poor and needy people. \"When Marathe refused to pay them, they forcibly took Rs 2,000 from him,\" Patil said.He said that on January 4, the suspects also threatened architect Keshav Desai after he refused to give them the money for the blankets. \"After receiving complaints, the police met with businessmen in the area and asked them to alert the police if anyone forced them to give money for blankets,\" Patil said.On January 6, when the gang went to an office in the jurisdiction of the Deccan Gymkhana police station, the businessman immediately informed the police. \"The police team, comprising assistant police inspector Manohar Kulkarni and constables Mahesh Nimbalkar and Krishnakant Desai, arrested four suspects on January 6. The remaining two were arrested in the next two days,\" Patil said.Investigations have revealed that the suspects had also extorted money on the pretext of buying wheelchairs for physically handicapped people. \"They may have extorted money from more people. We appeal to them to come forward and lodge complaints,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418298", "title": "Explosives at railway platform trigger alarm", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 40 hand-made low-intensity explosive sticks, laden with gunpowder and charcoal, were found along with cotton threads on the northern end of the Nagpur railway platform on Sunday afternoon. The explosive sticks, found wrapped in a green plastic bag, were kept unguarded under a seat on the platform of narrow gauge trains. They were found during routine patrolling.The incident underlined the inadequate coverage of the Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras at the railway station. The consignment was found at a place not under CCTV surveillance. The trains to places like Chhindwara and Balaghat, known as Naxal hotbed, start and terminate here. The CCTVs were installed at the railway station, considered one of the soft targets for terrorist outfits.The CCTV footages have been saved and now would be scanned to find out whether the image of the carrier of the green plastic bag has been captured at cameras aimed at other places. Railway Protection Force's divisional security commissioner Ibrahim Sharif said previous cases would be also referred to find out if there were any relevant clues.The railway security forces were on toes at Nagpur railway station after the abandoned consignment was found. The bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) was summoned. The consignment was removed from the crowded platform and brought to GRP Nagpur railway station with much precaution after BDDS sniffers confirmed presence of explosives in the bag.Senior inspector of Nagpur GRP Chandrashekhar Bhawal said an offence has been registered against unidentified persons. \"One cannot enter the railway premises with such explosives,\" he said. GRP maintained that these low-intensity explosives may be used in mining or construction businesses. The samples of the contents have been sent for chemical analysis. Personnel from different security agencies collected information about the development.In May 2010, RPF had intercepted an explosive consignment of 80 gelatin sticks and 73 detonators from the railway premises while they were being taken to Gondia, also known to have strong Naxal presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11418698", "title": "BBSM pledges support to BJP for assembly polls", "text": "MAPUSA: The Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch (BBSM) on Sunday formally declared its support to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)for the March 3 assembly elections.The BBSM made the announcement at a convention held in Mapusa, where it pledged to dethrone the Congress government in the upcoming elections.The BBSM has kick-started its state-wide campaign, from Mapusa, for \"creating awareness among the people against English as the medium-of-instruction in primary and pre- primary schooling\".The convention was attend by BBSM convenor Shashikala Kakodkar, leaders including Subhash Dessai, Subhash Naik, Vallabh Kerkar and activists.Addressing the convention, Kakodkar urged the activists to create awareness among the voters to overthrow the Congress government in the upcoming assembly elections.\"Voters in Goa should turn up in large numbers in the ensuing general elections and throw out the present Congress-led coalition government which has attempted to destroy the local languages,\" Kakodkar, who is also a former chief minister, said.\"Time has come to overthrow the corrupt and non-performing Congress government and to bring out the change. People should vote for BJP and BBSM will work to convince the voters in favour of BJP,\" Kakodkar added.\"Marathi and Konkani lovers should support the campaign focusing on spreading the message of dethroning the present Congress-led coalition government,\" Kakodkar said.Subhash Dessai said that BBSM will continue holding such conventions with the main aim to defeat the Congress party. The manch has also decided to organize a similar convention on February 5 in Panaji for parent teacher associations (PTAs).The BBSM will organize events such as 'Bhasha Shikshak Parishad' and 'Palak Matadar Sangh Melava', to spread awareness about \"the importance of defeating the Congress\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423288", "title": "Chairman Singh", "text": "Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has been criticised for many things, including the failure to carry allies like Mamata Banerjee on many vital issues, for his passivity during the 2G telecom allocations and the policy logjam. Much of this criticism is unwarranted. It is true that Singh, as Prime Minister, is the head of the government and, theoretically, the final arbiter of politics and policy.But reality is different. Unlike former prime ministers like Atal Bihari Vajpayee , Rajiv or Indira Gandhi , Singh is a stranger to electoral politics. Political leadership of his party, the Congress, vests with Sonia Gandhi , who appointed Singh to India's top job. Singh presides over a government that needs allies to survive. On some issues, even allies refuse to play ball. These compel us to look at Singh's position in the Cabinet in an altogether novel light: as the non-executive chairman of a large and diverse corporate board.Non-executive chairmen are not picked to deal with the nitty-gritty of running companies; nor to take urgent strategic decisions. They are chosen by boards for the cachet that they bring to the board. Such people come with a reputation for dignity, learning and fair play. Singh has these attributes to sit at the head of the board that is the Cabinet. The coalition partners comprise powerful minority stakeholders, who have enough voting rights to discomfit the majority management.Election-winning Congress ministers are the senior directors who actually run the government hands-on and massage the egos of allies. So, what role does that leave the non-executive chairman that is Singh? It is incumbent on him to chair all board meetings, to listen patiently to all sides of every argument, to guide each member with his insights born of decades in administration. His role is of a guide, statesman and reconciler of differences, not to manage the rough and tumble of electoral politics or the championing of any particular policy idea. He cannot lead his party's electoral charge, nor should his partymen expect that of him. Singh will go down in history as the first non-executive chairman of the Indian Cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11418741", "title": "Colourful kites dot Vadodara skies", "text": "VADODARA: It is still a week to go for 'Uttarayan' - the festival of kites. But the city skies were filled with colourful kites of all designs and sizes on Sunday morning.The city hosted 22nd International Kite Festival that was organized by the state tourism department, district administration and Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) at Navlakhi Compound. Kite enthusiasts from 11 countries participated in the event that attracted lot of spectators.Over 27 international kite flyers and 16 local award winning kite flyers flew kites in the chilly morning winds. \"Uttarayan is celebrated with fervour in the city and this kite festival gave opportunity to citizens to view beautifully designed kites of all sizes,\" said mayor Jyoti Pandya. Among the dozens of huge kites, a kite flown by a group from Belgium by remote control remained an attraction.An enthusiast had printed picture of Sayajirao Gaekwad III and Laxmi Vilas Palace on a huge kite to celebrate 150 years of the king's birth anniversary. Some other kites were made on designs and pictures of Lord Hanuman and Bal Ganesh too. Olga Dekhaich, a participant from Ukraine , said that it was her first attempt at kite flying. \"The experience is amazing as I never flew such a huge kite ever. I loved the experience and I am looking forward to fly more kites,\" Olga said.Participants from Switzerland , Turkistan, Ukraine, Indonesia , UK, Belgium, Italy and several other countries turned up for the festival apart from those from four states in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11418854", "title": "Rally for release of kids taken away in Norway", "text": "KOLKATA: The city of processions is going to witness a rally with a difference on Monday. The procession - a non-political one - will be taken out to demand the release of two Indian children from a Norwegian agency.The procession that will start from Rabindra Sadan will go to the office of Norway's honorary consul near Rabindra Sarobar.The two children - Avigyan, 3, and Aiswarya, 1, had been taken away from their parents by the childcare agency in last May. The Indian embassy in Norway has stepped in to reunite the kids with their parents following a request from chief minister Mamata Banerjee .Relatives, neighbours and well-wishers of the children will be participating in the rally, said Monotosh Chakraborty, grandfather of the children. \"We have got a very good response from various social networking sites as well and many people are willing to participate in the rally.\"Sagarika Bhattacharya, the mother of the kids, hopes that the rally will help put pressure on the agency to return her children. \"I am still hopeful that the Norway government will take initiative to give me back my children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "11424889", "title": "Middle East turmoil: Indian foreign minister visits Israel after a decade", "text": "JERUSALEM: External affairs minister SM Krishna arrived here on a two-day visit to Israel, the first by an Indian foreign minister in over a decade, that comes amidst political turmoil in the Middle East.Krishna drove down from Jordan via the Allenby Bridge border post and was received by Indian envoy to Israel Navtej Sarna and officials of the Israeli Foreign Ministry here.Krishna, who is on a visit to the Middle East, had met his Jordanian counterpart Nasser Judeh on Sunday.The minister's visit to Jordan came close on the heels of Amman playing host to Israeli and Palestinian negotiators on January 3, the first in more than a year.The visit by Krishna is being seen as a means to understand the recent developments in the region.India looks at Jordan as a key nation in the region which is trying to revive the Middle East peace process, sources said, adding the country was also important for India's food security. Jordan is one of the crucial providers of fertiliser inputs like rock phosphate, phosphoric acid and potash.Sources said various issues including the Arab Spring were discussed during the meeting between Krishna and Judeh.Krishna was apprised of the situation in the region and the Minister commended the Jordanian effort on the peace initiative between Israel and Palestinian Authority .Krishna is understood to have told his Jordanian counterpart that there is no problem that dialogue cannot solve issues and also reaffirmed India's stand on Palestine .On the bilateral front, Jordan wished for a further cooperation at business to business level and expressed keenness to have a joint venture with India on supplying fertilizers.Jordan also expressed interest in providing visa on arrival facility for Indians and pitched for an increase in bilateral trade.Meanwhile, during his visit here, Krishna is expected to meet Israeli President Shimon Peres and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , besides holding talks with deputy prime minister and foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman .Cooperation in defence, security, agriculture and science and technology are expected to figure prominently in the discussions amid India's keenness to widen the scope of partnership in the field of defence, the sources said.They said from a buyer-seller relationship, both sides are looking at expanding their relations.Anti-terror cooperation is also expected to figure in the discussions, against the backdrop of growth in this aspect of the relationship since the Mumbai 2008 attacks in which six Israeli nationals were killed.Krishna is scheduled to meet President Peres later in the evening. As per his schedule, Krishna will first visit the Holocaust Memorial and take a tour of the Indian Hospice in Jerusalem .Ambassador Sarna will also be hosting a reception for Krishna in Tel Aviv .Krishna's visit to Israel assumes significance because the last such trip took place in July 2000 when the then external affairs minister Jaswant Singh travelled here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kolkata/kottayam", "code": "11419553", "title": "AMRI fire: A tale of three heroes", "text": "KOLKATA/KOTTAYAM: All three of them are aged around 22; their sense of responsibility had prompted them to risk their own lives and save others; and each one hails from a very poor family. And that is where the similarities end.While Keralite nurses Vineeta P K and Ramya Rajappan died unable to survive the soot and carbon which blackened their lungs, Panchanantala resident Shankar Maity pulled through after battling for life for 15 days. But, as honour and financial help keep pouring in for the two nurses, Shankar has to be content with a medal, 5,000 in cash and a yet-to-be-fulfilled promise of a job.Accolades, blessings and felicitation has poured in for this undergraduate youth - one from his own Lake View High School which he cherishes the most - but nothing that has changed the drudgery of his life. A government reward of 5,000 and an NGO that came forward to help his family didn't make much difference. The only difference : Shankar used to wash cars earlier; now his failing health doesn't even permit him to do that.Shankar's father Sashadhar, 50, is a railway hawker who struggles to make ends meet. Shankar's elder sister Saraswati - a cost accountancy student - remains the only hope for the family. Shankar had to stop studying after two years in college due to lack of money.That fateful day, Shankar had braved smoke and fire to singlehandedly rescue 25 patients from the AMRI annexe buildings. Many of them and their families paid him a visit at the Ramkrishna Mission Seva Prathisthan where he was being treated all this while, to bless him and pray for him.For the poor families of Vineeta and Ramya in Kerala, the story has been somewhat different. The KR Narayanan Memorial Super Specialty Hospital, which is under construction in Uzhavoor - the hometown of former President K R Narayanan - will have two blocks named after the heroic nurses who saved eight patients on December 9, 2011. Ramya hails from Uzhavoor.In Kothanalloor, the home town of Vineeta, the local administration will name a road after her. Financial aid, too, has poured in - even from Keralites based abroad. Both families are expected to get around 20 lakh. Both families received a cheque for 5 lakh from AMRI Hospitals and another 5 lakh from the Kerala government . Apart from that, the respective panchayats had sanctioned an amount of 75,000 for the families under the Indira Awas Yoyana. Two days ago, an organisation of Malayalis based in London handed over an amount of 40,000 each to both families. \"Apart from these, there are many others who have helped us financially. On Saturday, members of two local wealthy families handed over some money to us,\" said Vineetha's father Kunjumon.In another instance, an individual from Thrissur district, who did not want his identity disclosed, gave Ramya's family 25,000. The chief minister of Kerala, Oommen Chandy, said the government will provide job for a family member of both Ramya and Vineetha. The government has also recommended the names of both nurses for National Bravery Awards. Aid has come from Kolkata too - nurses at RIICTS had given 51,600 to each family.On Monday in Thiruvananthapuram , the Indian Nursing Council will hand over cheques worth Rs 1 lakh to each family, said Kunjumon. Rajesh, Ramya's brother, told TOI that the West Bengal government has offered to give them 5 lakh. \"We got a cheque for 5 lakh from the Kolkata hospital and another 5 lakh from the Kerala government. Bengal will give us another 5 lakh. The police verification regarding this was done the other day,\" he said.And what does Shankar have to speak about? The youth, somewhat reticent for his age, mentions that Ramkrishna Mission Seva Prathisthan didn't take a single paisa for his treatment. \"They took good care of me. Without the Ramakrishna Mission Maharajas, I wouldn't be talking to you today,\" he said. When asked about AMRI's promise to pay them 10,000 and the state government's offer for jobs, Shankar doesn't have an answer. He smiles and says: \"We don't know where to apply for either. An NGO took my bio-data . Someone else had also met me with a job promise, but didn't commit. A job will make a lot of difference to me and my family.\"Even after a month, the events of that fateful day refuse to let him alone, Shankar says. \"Whenever I'm alone or I close my eyes, those images come back to haunt me. People clinging to me desperately, begging to take them out, helpless and weak. I did what I could. I dragged 25 people out and lowered them through the window to the fire ladders with hospital bedsheets,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418247", "title": "Finally, state clears spl force for Tadoba, Pench", "text": "NAGPUR: Clearing all the hurdles raised by the state finance department, the government has finally cleared setting up of Special Tiger Protection Force (STPF) for Pench and Tadoba-Andhari tiger reserves.Talking to TOI on Sunday, Praveen Pardeshi, principal secretary (forests), said all the hassles in creating STPF have been removed and a formal GR will be issued on Monday. \"The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) will provide 100% assistance,\" Pardeshi added.Considering the endangered status of tiger and the need for urgently stepping up protection in sensitive areas having source population of tigers, with the active involvement of forest dwelling communities, the NTCA in February 2009 had mandated setting up of STPFs in all the tiger reserves.\"Each STPF squad will consists of 110 men and will be headed by assistant conservator (ACF) rank officer and include RFOs, foresters and forest guards. The guards will mostly comprise locals. They will be entitled to the same salary and emoluments through the service provider,\" Pardeshi said.The top official added that it will take over three months to physically post the squads in the reserves. The personnel will have to undergo training from police and para military forces. They will be also trained to detect poaching and wildlife crime, apart from protection work.On the issue of staff, Pardeshi said additional posts have been cleared. Besides, there will no fresh recruitment for guards. \"Several candidates have been kept in the waiting list who qualified during the recent recruitment drive. We'll also sign a pact with the Centre soon on the STPF,\" he added.At present, Karnataka is the only state which has set up STPF for Bandipur. It has now also included Nagarahole and Biligiri Rangana Temple Wildlife Sanctuary. Maharashtra is perhaps the second state to set up STPF. It is in the final stages in Orissa, sources said.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had cleared the STPF at a meeting in Nagpur on December 15, 2010, but finance department put hurdles asking many irrelevant queries. Pardeshi again followed up the matter with chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad and NTCA and finally got it cleared last week.Wildlife conservationists have hailed the decision. They say even as number of tigers in the latest tiger estimation has gone up from 103 in 2006, to 169 in 2011, poaching threat is looming large on the tiger reserves.What the STPF will mean?STPF will exercise policing powers and the state will be required to confer these powers on personnel under subsection (3) of Section 197 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 (2 of 1974). These are powers to use firearms to combat tiger poaching and related offences in the tiger habitat.Not being an armed force of the Union, STPF will be used only for tiger protection, and under no circumstances would be requisitioned in aid of civil authority for any other work. The STPF will receive special training from state police and paramilitary forces.The assistance will be granted by NTCA. During the financial year, the state will sign a MoU to implement the initiative in conformity. The guidelines for training/syllabus will be communicated shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "11419590", "title": "Cong has tough time managing allies", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: A day after chief minister Mamata Banerjee told Congress it was free to leave the coalition in the state, the central Congress leadership asked its state unit leaders to resolve their differences with the Trinamool leadership and refrain from making \"personal attacks\" .\"Any issue can definitely be brought to the notice of the government. But I have requested both Congress and Trinamool leaders to refrain from (personal) attacks on each other. These aren't desirable among alliance partners ,\" Shakeel Ahmed, Congress general secretary in charge of West Bengal, told TOI on Sunday.Stressing that local issues should be sorted out at the local level, Ahmed said, \"It doesn't look well that alliance partners are fighting each other just after six months of coming to power.\"Dismissing the possibility of Mamata parting ways with Congress , senior party leader Salman Khurshid said there was need for \"better communication\" between the two allies to rebuild trust by ironing out \"disagreements\" behind closed doors.\"I don't think we should read too much into these things. I would certainly imagine if we can avoid them, good. Even in our disagreement we can put them across in closed doors.... I hope something like this will be worked out,\" he said in New Delhi.However, despite instructions from the central leadership, the state unit of Congress showed no sign of toning down its aggressive pitch on Sunday. State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya indicated in New Delhi that there wouldn't be any rollback in their statewide agitation. \"Has anything been declared for the farmers? Have the suicides stopped?\" he told reporters. Bhattacharya also met Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee late at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417810", "title": "Shobhit killing: Initial suspects under lens again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost two months after the Delhi high court asked the crime branch to investigate the murder of IT student Shobhit Modi, the case seems to have come full circle. The agency has turned its attention to the people named as suspects by Shobhit's father in the beginning.Sources said the cops might even ask a few of these acquaintances to undergo narco tests so that their names can be cleared once and for all. However, their consent is required for the tests. Sources said two school friends of Shobhit will also be questioned.The parents of Shobhit's girlfriend, with whom Shobhit interacted regularly, were questioned on Wednesday, sources said. Suraj Modi had asked the police to investigate the role of the girl's family as her father was against her relationship with Shobhit. The crime branch is also focusing on people who were close to Shobhit, including common friends who were with him on the night of the murder.Sources said those on the radar of the local police and were named by Suraj Modi will be questioned first.Whether the murder was committed for robbery or if it was the fallout of road rage, would be investigated later, said a source. For now, the focus will on Shobhit's girlfriend and a few others who were regularly in touch with him. Sources said the girl's parents were questioned about the allegations made by Shobhit's father.Suraj Modi had claimed that the girl's father had asked to Shobhit to distance himself from his daughter and had allegedly used a major contact to threaten Shobhit's family.Cops say they don't want to leave anything to chance and are looking into allegations made Suraj Modi seriously. Earlier the local police had questioned Shobhit's girlfriend, her father and friends several times, but had found no evidence of their involvement in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417868", "title": "Design makes road unsafe for high-speed driving", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunday's fatal accident was a grim reminder of similar accidents in the past on the Nelson Mandela Road. The wide, five-lane stretch connects Vasant Kunj and Munirka, but it has an uneven, sloping surface and has several winding turns. In view of that, speed-calming measures should have been introduced here. But there are none, and the road continues to be risky as ever.Two police officers had been killed in an accident on the same stretch less than two months ago. Several major accidents have also occurred here in the last few months. Cops claim the wide road tempts drivers to step on the gas and throw caution to the wind, especially at night, and the leftward slope throughout the stretch makes it skid-prone.Most accidents here have occurred due to the design of the road, though Sunday's incident was a result of alcohol-induced high-speed driving.\"There is no heavy traffic movement on this road, which is why vehicles tend to speed. The road slants to the left, and speeding vehicles can skid off while negotiating the turns. Earlier, too, we have had to rescue drivers, who were sober, but still had accidents. In one case, two occupants of a car had to be literally fished out of the side of the road when their vehicle flew right through the service road and over the edge of the road. They were remarkably lucky to sustain minor injuries,\" said a senior police officer of the area.Traffic cops said any road safety measure that can be employed to make the stretch safer will be explored.\"We will investigate if the stretch requires some intervention; in case it does, we will adopt measures accordingly,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424550", "title": "I only watch my husband\u2019s shows: Juhi Babbar", "text": "Juhi Babbar may not be a TV addict and try her level best not to watch what is aired on the small screen. But when it comes to her husband Anoop Soni's shows, she tells us she is an ardent spectator.\"I find both his shows - \" Crime Patrol\" and \" Ballika Vadhu\" extremely interesting. Be it the plot of the show or the way the stories are handled, every bit is paid great attention to. And if people are thinking that I'm biased in my opinion, then they are mistaken. Because a lot of people I have met, have shared with us the reasons for which they can watch \"Crime Patrol\" for hours. And, I too watch the show as a viewer.As a spectator, I feel we need to be aware of what all is happening in our society especially all the criminal activities. Since the showmakers deal with the stories aesthetically, I have no problems. Just a few days back, I met Saroj Khan and she told me how much her grandchildren love watching \"Crime Patrol\". What do you think makes the show such a hit with the viewers? It has no glam quotient, and except Anoop Soni, there are no more popular names. It is because the cases shown that people love the show so much,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419299", "title": "UP Polls: In Yadav's rule, goons ran police stations, says Rahul Gandhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Sunday launched a frontal attack on UP rival parties SP, BSP and the BJP.Taking on BJP veteran L K Advani , he said the BJP patriarch took out a rath yatra against corruption but his party has inducted the most corrupt leader of the BSP government .\"UP ministers are being removed and the BJP is taking them. They took Babu Singh Kushwaha, one of the most corrupt ministers. BJP took a yatra across India against corruption , but they run the most corrupt governments in Karnataka, Uttarakhand, Gujarat and Jharkhand,\" Rahul charged at a public meeting in Deoria.\"Kushwaha was the right hand man of UP chief minister Mayawati. For five years he indulged in corruption before being thrown out of BSP. He came to Congress for shelter, but we closed the doors ,\" Rahul said.The Amethi MP also slammed Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav . \"During Mulayam's rule, goons ran police stations,\" he said and wondered why Akhilesh Yadav can speak in English and work on computers but his father says there's no need for the poor in UP to study these subjects.Turning his attention towards CM Mayawati , the Gandhi scion said that there is a magical elephant (BSP's symbol) in Lucknow which consumes all the money sent by the Centre for the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11418568", "title": "Sirsat refutes conspiring to deny Trajano ticket", "text": "PANAJI: Reacting to the outburst of his vice president Trajano D'Mello, who on Saturday accused the NCP state leadership of conspiring to deny him the party ticket for Saligao constituency, NCP state unit president Surendra Sirsat denied the charges made against him.When contacted, Sirsat said that the seat-sharing with the Congress is yet to be finalized and therefore, no one is sure who will get which seat. Absolving himself of the so-called conspiracy, Sirsat said, \"The people of Goa, the voters of Goa know who is what.\"When asked about the charge that the NCP leadership were not informing D'Mello the reasons why disciplinary proceedings were started against him, Sirsat said the matter is being looked after by the disciplinary committee. \"It is a process. If I receive a complaint, I forward it to the disciplinary committee. The disciplinary committee scrutinizes it and decides whether they should proceed in the matter or not. All this is not done in a day,\" Sirsat said.Sirsat said that as party president, he is empowered to appoint as many sub-committees of the party in Goa as he feels necessary.When asked about D'Mello's charge that the NCP leadership in Goa had \"communal intent,\" Sirsat said the party's secular credentials are well-known. \"And even though I am the president, we believe in collective leadership and in taking collective decisions,\" Sirsat said.Asked if D'Mello's act of going to the media against the party leadership amounted to an act of indiscipline, Sirsat said the NCP disciplinary committee would study the matter and was empowered to take a suo-moto decision in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "phulia (nadia)", "code": "11418864", "title": "Automatic Interlocking System Was Not Fully Functional At Phulia Station", "text": "PHULIA (NADIA): How did two suburban trains collide head-on near Phulia station on Saturday night? Many believe the automatic interlocking system holds answer to the puzzle.The system works in a manner in which all signals leading towards an occupied track turn red when a train remains stationed at a platform. Simultaneously, the \"occupied track\" also gets locked so that no other train can run into it.At 7.56pm on Saturday, Up 31531 Shantipur local - which was running two minutes behind schedule - crossed 33B point from where the train was diverted towards the \"loop line\" and was stationed on Platform Number 2. The loop line is the portion of the main track that diverts into a loop where the platform is located in Phulia station.Had the interlocking system worked properly, this 33B point would have locked immediately after the train crossed it and should not have allowed any other train to enter into this \"loop line\". Similarly, 32B - the point ahead of where this train was standing - should have remained locked and no traffic would have been allowed to enter this loop from the Shantipur end.If it did work that way, the Sealdah-bound Down Shantipur local couldn't have crossed the 32B point and entered the loop track where the Up train was stationed.After initial inquiry, senior railway officers believe the motorman ( driver) of the Sealdah-bound train might have violated or skipped the \"home\" signal, which allows a train to enter into the station. But even if that was the case, question still remains that how could the train cross the locked point - the 32B point? Ideally, if the interlocking system works perfectly, a train would be diverted towards an unoccupied track even if it violates a signal.On Saturday, the Sealdah-bound train should have been diverted towards empty platform number 1 if 32B point had remained locked. But that did not happen, thus confirming that the point was not locked. This \"fault\", however, hints that the railway authorities were not operating the system in total automatic mode. Otherwise, experts suggest, such a thing can never happen in an automatic system.A probe has revealed that Phulia is one of the 36 stations of Sealdah division where the length of \"loop lines\" is \"short\", thus causing an \"overlap\" on the main track. These stations have no proper \"isolation tracks\" either. Similarly, an automatic interlocking system can work properly when a loop line meets the main line beyond the outer signal, which is absent in Phulia.As the isolation track along the main line is defunct at Phulia due to closeness of the level-crossing gate, the automatic locking can't work properly, said a senior railway officer. He even confirmed that the problem of overlapping on the main track disturbs automatic interlocking when a train occupies the loop line.Questions have also been raised on why Phulia station manager often violates the \"standard working rule\" that says that Up trains will be accommodated on platform number 1 and Down trains will be stationed on Platform Number 2? Beyond the rule book, it is a common practice in Phulia that if two trains pass within a few minutes' time gap (two minutes or less), then the train that arrives first will be send to the loop line. On Saturday evening, Shantipur-bound train, which was late by two minutes, arrived simultaneously with Sealdah-bound train at 7.56pm. As the Up train reached a few seconds early, it was send to the loop line. Railway officials said that such \"manipulation\" needs excellent coordination and minor lapses may lead to major mishaps.Railway employees who earlier worked at Phulia hinted that the station manager often operates the system manually to manage the situation. Though Binay Mittal, the chairman of Railway Board, did not comment on the reason behind the accident, he reviewed the condition of the defunct \"isolation track\". He asked his officers to make it functional immediately. According to sources, he even asked his officers to speak to the state government to divert the road which is crossing the tracks close to the station. A detailed report on the stations that have similar overlapping problem has been submitted to Mittal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11418888", "title": "\u2018Techmart\u2019 begins today", "text": "KANPUR: The two-day annual technical fest 'Techmart' would begin at the University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET), Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University (CSMU), from Monday.This year, the attraction would be a robot named as Welcome, capable of communicating in Hindi and English. It works on the basis of wireless technology, where the camera installed in it would work as eyes. The camera would be capable of clicking and saving pictures.The team of Techmart said that the robot can judge anything within its reach of one metre. Sushant Katiyar and Vikas Verma, the students of CSMU have prepared the robot using integrated circuit. Hardboard and plastic has been used to give shape to the robot.Techmart would be jointly inaugurated by vice-chancellor, Gautam Buddh Technical University, Kripa Shakar and CSMU V-C Ashok Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "11417640", "title": "Hooch kills 2 more", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: Illicit liquor claimed two more lives in the state on Sunday when daily wagers Girajala Paidayya (60) and Mulugula Appa Rao (62) of Ramadaspet near Rajahmundry died after consuming the brew the night before.Adding the deaths on Sunday, hooch has now claimed 26 lives in the state since the New Year eve incident in Krishna district in which 19 people died after consuming illicit liquor.The two were habitual drinkers who had fallen sick recently. While Paidayya was suffering from tuberculosis, Appa was diagnosed with cancer.Family members and relatives of the deceased said both had fallen prey to the hooch, which they had a habit of consuming.Ramadaspet is a major hub for illicit liquor as the area has a high concentration of quarry workers. Cheap liquor outlets do brisk business in the village. Sources said local politicians have interests in these outlets.Meanwhile, a group of youth on Sunday destroyed 200 litres of liquor that had been brewed in Narasimhulupet mandal in Warangal district. It was also learnt that 2,000 litres of black jaggery had been destroyed in those areas where consumption of hooch and gudumba is very high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417275", "title": "Shop looted in Andheri", "text": "MUMBAI: The Meghwadi police have registered a theft case against a person who stole valuables worth Rs 67,000 from a shop at Andheri (E) on Sunday.Dharmendra Thakkar (35), who lives in Thane district, found the lock of his shop was broken open on Sunday morning when he came to open it and the valuables were missing.In another case registered at Andheri police station on Saturday, an unidentified known person entered the flat of Smita Vetale (58) through a window and escaped with valuables worth Rs 61,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11419652", "title": "One more held for hoisting Pak flag", "text": "Bijapur district police arrested one more person , Arun Wagmore, who was involved in the Sindagi Pakistan flag hoist case on Sunday. He was sent to judicial custody till January 17. Six persons -- Rakesh Sidramaiah Math, Mallanagouda Vijaykumar Patil, Parashuram Ashok Waghmore, Rohit Eshwar Navi, Sunil Madiwalappa Agasar, Anilkumar Sriram Solanki -- were held in connection with the case earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11422749", "title": "Sukh Ram granted bail by Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday granted interim bail till January 16 to former Union minister Sukh Ram in the 1993 telecom scam case.The court has also granted interim bail to former bureaucrat Runu Ghosh and Hyderabad-based businessman P Rama Rao who are co-accused in the case.Sukh Ram was shifted from Tihar Jail to a city hospital, his associate said on Sunday.Sukh Ram had surrendered before a Delhi court on Saturday and was sent to jail to serve a three-year jail term in a graft case. His counsel said that after being taken to jail, Sukh Ram had lost consciousness, so jail authorities admitted him on Saturday afternoon to the Deen Dayal Upadhyay hospital.\"He has multiple ailments and the prison's hospital is not equipped to treat his present condition. We had to shift him to the hospital on the advice of our own doctors,\" said Tihar Jail authorities.Sukh Ram was convicted in a case involving the award of a contract to a Hyderabad firm for supplying telecom equipment to the government at exorbitant rates.In 2002, he was awarded a three-year jail term under the Prevention of Corruption Act in the case.The Delhi high court on Dec 21 upheld the lower's court order and asked Sukh Ram to surrender on Jan 5.(Inputs from PTI and IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11419428", "title": "AIDS vaccine for monkeys raises hopes for humans", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have developed a new vaccine that partially protects monkeys from an infection much similar to HIV, a breakthrough which they say could be a new weapon in the battle against AIDS.Researchers at the University of Utah School of Medicine found that rhesus monkeys which received the new vaccine were 80 to 83% less likely to get infected with the Simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV), a virus which is closely related to HIV, when exposed to it.The experimental vaccine was engineered to trigger the monkeys' immune systems to fight the virus. Researchers often study the effects of an SIV vaccine in monkeys as a way to understand how to develop an HIV vaccine in humans.This is an important step toward an HIV vaccine, said Adam Spivak, an HIV researcher at the university.\"This study demonstrates that the immune system can be prepared to respond to, and partially control, viral infection that mimics HIV-1 transmission in humans,\" Spivak said.At the start of the research, published in the journal Nature, 40 monkeys were injected with either the experimental vaccine or the placebo vaccine, and then given a booster shot at six months. The monkeys were then exposed to SIV six times. Researchers found that those were on the experimental vaccine had a lower amount of virus in their blood than those given the placebo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11418630", "title": "SDPI to enter election fray, will field SC, ST, minorities", "text": "MARGAO: The Socialist Democratic Party of India (SDPI) is determined to enter the political fray in the March 3 assembly elections by contesting in several of the constituencies where the minority community has a sizeable presence.SDPI's national general secretary in-charge of Goa desk Mehboob Shariff from Bangalore conducted a number of meetings with party workers at Margao, Davorlim, Housing board and Ponda on Saturday and Sunday.While deliberating on the poll strategy of the party for the elections at these meetings, the party workers were also informed about the performance of the SDPI in civic polls in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala, party sources said.Sources said that the SDPI leadership has decided to field candidates in Margao, Navelim, Ponda, Fatorda, Curtorim, and is also considering contesting from Mormugao and Valpoi constituencies as well.The SDPI is being supported by the Popular Front of India (PFI), a confederation of Muslim organizations in India, and is in the process of finalizing its candidates from the minority communities including the scheduled castes, tribes and dalits, sources said.Speaking to TOI, chief of the Goa unit of the SDPI, Zia Ricarty said that the candidates will be finalized within the next one week.\"In constituencies where the SDPI will not contest, we will support clean and non-corrupt candidates. Our agenda is to clean up the corrupt political system of India,\" Ricarty said.Abdulmatin Daud Carol, a SDPI member, said that the party has a considerable number of its cadre in Goa, who will dedicatedly work for the party's success in the assembly polls.\"The minority community has been sidelined by the Congress for long. Besides, there has been a lot of interference in the affairs of minority community institutions during the Congress rule. People are now yearning for a change,\" Carol said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11418653", "title": "11.25% cast vote for Madgaum bank polls", "text": "MARGAO: Elections to the board of directors for the Madgaum urban co-operative bank ltd held on Sunday registered a voting percentage of 11.25%. Of the total 50,904 members eligible to vote, only 5,731 members cast their votes, sources informed.The counting of votes will be held on Monday at Jawaharlal Nehru stadium Fatorda.While Ramakant Angle, who has been the chairman of the bank on four occasions, has led a panel of 10 candidates, Mhalu Naik is the lone candidate who is contesting against Angle's panel.The candidates on Angle's panel are: Raguvir Dessai, Rupesh Mahatme (outgoing vice chairperson), Amresh Ramesh Naik, Dilip Sonu Naik, Gokuldas (Raisu) Krishna Naik, Kishore Narvekar (outgoing chairman), Atamaram Pednekar, Atul Verlekar, besides Angle himself.Of the total 28,836 registered members in Salcete, 1,795 of them cast their votes on Sunday.Sources said the Angle panel is likely to win the elections. Disclosing his plans once the board of directors assumes office, Angle said the bank will open five more branches in Goa within the next two years .If Angle's panel wins the elections as predicted, it is likely to further strengthen his position to stake claim for the BJP's ticket in Margao constituency, sources said. As already reported, Angle is among those who are aspiring for the BJP ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11424858", "title": "PIL filed against the Election Commission's order to drape statutes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as state government officials started draping statutes of UP chief minister Mayawati and that of elephants and other Dalit leaders in the memorial of Dalit leaders on Monday, a public interest litigation (PIL) was filed in the Allahabad High Court against the Election Commission (EC) order to drape statutes. The court has admitted the petition and fixed January 11 as the date of hearing.On the other hand, the EC has ordred removal of all publicity material highlighting achievement of Mayawati as chief minister from the websites of the state government and its departments. The order came on the complaints of the Opposition parties which said that government websites are being used by the BSP to highlight achievements of Mayawati rule and the promises made her, which is violation of the election code of conduct.According to initial reports, the PIL has been filed an Allahabad based lawyer against EC's order to cover elephants.The EC had on Saturday issued directions to cover all the statutes of elephants in Dalit memorials and that of Mayawati so that they cannot be used to influence voter. The decision was taken on the request of the opposition parties who wanted a level playing field in elections. The EC had also directed to cover the statutes of Congress leaders and former prime ministers later Rajiv Gandhi and Indira Gandhi.The EC had directed to cover statutes of elephants because it is the election symbol of the ruling BSP. The BSP had opposed the decision on grounds that it was not given an opportunity to present its defence. BSP leader Satish Chandra Mishra had also questioned whether EC will ban use of lotus (BJP's election symbol), cycle (SP's election symbol) and hand (Congress election symbol). He had also pointed out that statutes of elephant can be found in every temple in the country and are in President's house and the Parliament. \"Will EC cover them during general elections?\" he had questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11418878", "title": "Bratya invites student unions to talks table", "text": "KOLKATA: State education minister Bratya Basu on Sunday invited all student unions to come to the discussion table to bring an end to the campus violence erupting in various colleges across the state.On the sidelines of a programme at Taki Government Boys' School, Basu said, \"I have instructed the Higher Education Council to frame a comprehensive guideline on college union elections and its procedures. I am also seeking suggestions from the expert committee on higher education.\"Students support ideologies of various political parties and are members of different organizations like Chhatra Parishad, Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad, Students Federation of India (SFI), Democratic Students' Organization (DSO) and others. But this state is ours and we cannot allow disruption inside education institutions. I believe that more than politics, it is important that students realize the political ideologies they believe in. Their identity as students is far more important.\"SFI welcomed the approach to call all student unions for a discussion. However, they took a strong stand against the arrest of three SFI students who had allegedly beaten up the principal of Majdia College in Nadia.\"We knew that Trinamool was preparing to organize another incident to frame SFI members. Minister Bobby Hakim and the chief minister herself came out in support of the accused and claimed that it was a momentary lapse by young people,\" said SFI state President Kaustav Chatterjee. He added that it was unjustifiable that the likes of Tilak Chaudhury were released on bail while SFI members have been charged with non-bailable section and were remanded in 14-day judicial custody.According to the SFI leader, \"Sarajendranath Kar of Sudhir Ranjan Lahiri College of Majdia had given interviews after the incident while he was sitting by a local Trinamool leader whom he had called up immediately after the incident. Moreover, he himself has acknowledged that he was constantly in touch with Manik Bhattacharyya, the president of principal's council. We all are aware that Bhattacharyya was a candidate of Trinamool in the elections. Thus, his activities and suggestions are not above question. The principle had also called up Bratya Basu. The education minister needs to rise above petty party politics. But he is not doing that at the moment.\"SFI will hold a students' demonstration at Krishnagar Collector's Crossing. \"We will wear black batches and observe \"black day\" inside colleges in Kolkata. SFI students of Asutosh College will take out a procession from Lake Market and block Hazra crossing. We will also burn the effigy of the CM,\" Chatterjee said.Basu strongly refused of talking to Sarajendranath Kar after the incident. \"I have not at all spoken to him in any way and law will take its own course,\" the minister said.Baishwanar Chattopadhyay, chairman of TMCP said, \"We welcome the decision of the education minister to call us to the talks table. This is a nice gesture. College elections should be a healthy competition.\"President of West Bengal Chhatra Parishad Rahul Roy said, \"The incidents that are taking place on different campuses are undesirable. If the government plans to take any positive step, we will definitely participate. We shall express our concerns in the meeting.\"Students support ideologies of different political parties. But this state is ours and we cannot allow disruption inside institutions. I believe that more than politics, it is important that students realize the political ideologies they believe in. Their identity as students is far more importantBratya Basu | Education minister", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "11419283", "title": "Areca growers breathe easy over CM's promise", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has given some relief to areca growers by way of instructing deputy registrars of co-operative societies not to send defaulting areca growers case to the civil court for loan recovery till further instruction from the state government. Chief minister who was in Chikmagalur on Sunday to attend a slew of events met areca farmers and promised them that he would ask banks, co-operative societies and other primary agricultural banks to withdraw cases that they had sent to the court and also not to remit the cost of recovery to avoid confiscation of their assets.He added that he would lead a delegation of all political parties to the Union government to exert pressure for the implementation of Gorakh Sing committee report. The committee had visited the areca growing areas infested with yellow leaf disease and recommended loan waiver up to 4 hectares and other financial help to grow alternative crops. He also said he would discuss with officials of the finance and law departments to fined out possibilities of granting more relief to areca growers. He directed the deputy commissioner to open paddy buying centers in Sringeri, Koppa and Narasimharajapura taluks. Law and parliamentary minister Suresh Kumar and home minister R Ashoka were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11423444", "title": "DoT mulling to set up pan-India secure network", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an effort to provide secure internet environment in the country, DoT is mulling to set-up a pan-India secure network with an estimated cost of Rs 450 crore, providing a fool-proof infrastructure for telecom and internet communication exclusively for government use.\"To develop and deploy a pan-India secure network and network-based services such as e-mail, voice-over-Internet protocol (VoIP), mobile communication through a survivable and available network architecture for secured communication for government use with a government funding of Rs 450 crore,\" says the latest report of the Department of Telecom (DoT).Many e-mails and VoIP users in India rely on services of foreign origin such as yahoo mail, Gmail and Skype . These services use proprietary encryptions, which are considered to be secure.The service may be secure from hackers anti-social elements, rivals but still the communication made through these services can be accessed by the Government of other countries, where the servers for providing these services are hosted, by invoking the provisions of their laws, the report, prepared by the working group on Telecom for the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), said.For high security of classified government communication, secured communication network is proposed to be established for fixed and wireless communication at an estimated capital cost of Rs 300 crore. Further, Rs 100 crore for five years are proposed to be earmarked for operational expenditure and Rs 50 crore for Research and Development.\"For the security of communication flowing within the country, it is desired that traffic should not flow outside the country and should be routed through National Internet Exchange of India (NIXI), a government-supported not-for- profit organisation that facilitates exchange of domestic internet traffic,\" the working group added.A lot of intra-communication is classified. The security of this communication has to be ensured by alternative mechanism because neither it is advisable to wait for such a mandating and capacity building nor it may be appropriate to rely on the level of security provided by such a scheme as communication would still remain in open domain of interest, the paper said.BSNL and MTNL would be reimbursed full capital cost they incur for building the secured communication fixed network, which is being rolled out by them on commercial basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417107", "title": "Recruitment of sportspersons welcomed", "text": "PATNA: BJP leader and B N College teacher Ranbir Nandan has thanked the chief minister and the sports minister for giving employment to 30 sportspersons of the state and expressed hope that this initiative would raise the standard of sports in Bihar.Nandan, who has represented Patna University volleyball team at all India meet several times, said that till a few decades back, talented sportspersons from universities and colleges were directly recruited by various government organizations like the Bihar Police, the Bihar Homeguards, the State Transport, the Patna Secretariat, the Bihar State Electricity Board, the Office of the Accountant General and the Central Excise and Customs. It is welcome to note that the system has been revived once again. He also demanded inclusion of sports education as a compulsory part of the curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11427155", "title": "I worked at a petrol pump: Mugdha Godse", "text": "Mugdha Godse had quite an adventurous college life, doing odd jobs for pocket moneyI went to the MMCC in Pune, where I studied commerce. I remember, when I entered college, I wanted to do every thing at one go - study, party and have boys friends. I had a handful of friends who were my partners in crime for fun and work.My friends and I worked for some extra money so that we could be more indulgent.I did odd jobs like selling oil or doing a survey at petrol pumps. We'd make ' 100 a day. Coming from a middle class family, I had a nominal pocket money - ' 300 a month. The extra money was used to take care of our so called 'lavish fun'. While movies occupied most of our free time, we also enjoyed lunching outside, and sometimes even having beer in the afternoon!Afternoon discos, and hanging out at Vaishali, a famous place on Pune's FC Road was another passtime. Sometimes we'd get hold of studious kids to gain entry into the british library, where we'd chill for hours.There is loads of lukhagiri to talk about. Mass-bunking and going for coffee instead. Another pastime was puncturing bikes and car tyres.However, there was one class I never bunked. I loved attending the Economics lecture. No one bunked her lecture, especially the boys, as she was very beautiful. I was quite in awe of her.Among all the masti, I also remember I moment of pride. During my standard 11 exams, I was given a class 12 English paper by mistake, which I ended up solving! Being an 'outstanding' student that I was (pun intended), I didn't know my syllabus so didn't guess it wasn't meant for me. I was in a hurry to catch a film, so took to solving it right away. And though I found it to be difficult, I assumed it was because I hadn't studied. After the exam, when my friends and I started discussing the paper, to my horror I realised that I solved the wrong paper for my final exam. I met the principle and thankfully the issue was resolved.Quick Five1. Fav canteen snackVada pav2. Fav subjectEconomics3. My crushA new one every day4. Topmost 'outstanding' activityPuncturing tyres5. Hangout budgetRs 10 every day", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422736", "title": "Srikanth\u2019s worry", "text": "Srikanth's elated that his 3 Idiots remake is hitting the screens this week.But he is worried too. \"While I play the role Madhavan essayed in the original, I ensured I didn't see the Hindi film while we were filming. I am already quite apprehensive as Madhavan is the only Tamilian in the original and we'll have comparisons drawn. But, I have asked Maddy, who himself has a release, to catch the film and give me feedback,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423798", "title": "Vijayapadma is making a show on Kabaddi", "text": "After directing the critically-acclaimed Narthaki, Vijayapadma is back. She will be directing an 80-episode show on Kabaddi, which will be picturised on teams from Madurai, Tirunelveli, Coimbatore and Chennai.She says, \"We recently shot an album for this programme. Deva composed the theme music and Bobby (of Mynaa fame) choreographed for the album. Retired IG Devaram handled the muhurat shot and Vivekh also participated in the shoot. The entire programme is designed to give new dimension to Kabbaddi and Ametur Kabbaddi Association's president Solai Raja and secretary Saffiullah are helping me with the shoot.\"Vijayapadma will soon start work on her next feature film. \"It's a action thriller and official announcement will be made soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11419247", "title": "Adventure sports kicks off", "text": "MANGALORE: With the clock ticking for 17th National Youth Festival, it is time for youth in the city to experience the thrills , spills and chills of adventure sports - be it on land, air and on water. Setting out to provide this experience is General Thimmaiah National Adventure Academy, which has organized a host of these activities for youth from Sunday up to January 11 for local youths and for the festival delegates from January 12 to 16.Getting a firsthand feel of water sports were the top brass of the district administration under the stewardship of district in-charge minister J Krishna Palemar at Jeppinamogaru near here on Sunday.Palemar, along with N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker of the assembly, city police chief Seemanth Kumar Singh, DC NS Channappa Gowda, MCC Commissioner Harish Kumar, who got first hand taste of jet-skiing on the serene waters of the Nethravathi.The Vanadurga Temple at Sri Kshetra Kadekaru will be the hub of water adventure activities that includes jet skiing, banana ride, and kayaking, while parasailing will be held at Panambur beach. Rappelling, jummaring, Tyrolean traverse, and other land based adventure sports will be held at Town Hall/Nehru Maidan.The Academy has fixed nominal rates for all these activities barring land based adventure which is free for general public. Jeethendra Shetty, administrative officer of the academy, told reporters that the academy has deputed 41 instructors for the various adventure sports lined up till January 16. These activities will be offered free to the delegates of the Youth Festival, he said, adding that children above seven years are eligible to participate in the events. Utmost importance is given to safety of those taking part in these adventure activities, Jeethendra added.YR Kantharajendra, joint director, department of youth affairs and sports and director of the academy, agreed to a proposal from the DC to give a demonstration of water skiing. The houseboat rides assured in preparatory meetings of the youth festival too would be held off Sri Kshetra Kadekaru and they would be nominally charged, the DC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419691", "title": "Guard held for abduction bid", "text": "BANGALORE: A 23-year-old security guard was arrested for allegedly abducting a minor girl and locking her up inside a factory at Sunkadakatte near Basaveshwaranagar. Police have sent the girl for medical examination suspecting she might have been raped by the accused.The accused, Ashok Kumar alias Shekhar, a native of Jharkhand and resident of Sunkadakatte, allegedly stopped the victim when she was on her way to school on Saturday and dragged her into a handloom factory nearby, police said. The victim is a Class 7 student of a government school in Basaveshwaranagar .The handloom factory had been closed since November and Shekhar used to spend his time on its premises. The accused and the victim knew each other and he was forcing her to marry him, police said.When the girl did not return home, her parents went to Shekhar and asked him where their daughter was. He feigned ignorance. When the parents lodged a missing complaint with Kamakshipalya police, Shekhar confessed to his crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419754", "title": "Let's not take path of protest: Seer", "text": "BANGALORE: Pejavar mutt pontiff Vishwesha Theertha Swamy on Sunday said that protests against the Made Snana practice would only end up in more resistance.Participating at an interaction on `Made Snana' organized by the Nidumamidi Mahasamsthana Mutt and Manavadharma Peeta in Bangalore , he said: \"Let's not take the path of protest. Let's consult all those concerned, convince them and solve the issue. I suggest a solution __ instead of devotees rolling over the leftover food, let them roll over the fresh food offered as prasada.''Having said so, he equated Made Snana with the practice of a community, which feasts from the same plate after prayers. He said: \"If rolling over leftover food is obnoxious, isn't eating from the same plate dirty? Why don't you people say anything about this?''There was a huge furore over the remarks. Veerabhadra Channamalla Swamy of Nidumamidi Mahasamsthana Mutt reacted: \"Made Snana is a discriminatory practice. It degrades human dignity. ''Constitution expert Prof Ravi Verma Kumar explained how religious freedom is subject to morality, public order and health. He also pointed out that Constitution mandated every citizen to develop a scientific temper.At this stage, the Pejavar pontiff responded: \"I am personally not happy with people rolling over leftover food. Ok, let people not roll over the food too. But, let's not take the path of struggle. We will create awareness and create a situation where the government comes out with a law banning it.''Shastra vs StatuteThe Pejavar seer's views on 'Shastra' and Constitution led to a furore. The pontiff said: \"I respect and follow both the Constitution and the Shastra. But I will not sacrifice Shastra for the Constitution.''Objecting to this, Prof GK Govinda Rao, thinker, remarked: \"You cannot follow both the Constitution and the Shastra. This duality is not possible. Constitution is our only Shastra.''Prof Ravi Verma Kumar said it was the duty of every citizen to abide by the Constitution and none can refuse it.The pontiff had to mellow down and say: \"Shastra is the word of the elders. Everybody agrees. I am not forcing anybody. Also, I will not act against the Constitution.'' Meanwhile, he ruled out allowing pontiffs from other mutts to perform pooja at the Krishna temple in Udupi saying they had to adhere to some rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417274", "title": "Mozart\u2019s best in city today", "text": "NEW DELHI: For all those who missed the Mozart concerts that took place over the weekend, there is still another chance to catch one. Over a hundred musicians will perform some of his greatest operas at Siri Fort Auditorium on Monday evening.The concert - passes for which are available at the office of Indian Council for Cultural Relations - will feature 19 musicians from Rouen Opera House in France, 26 from the Bombay Chamber Orchestra and 40 singers from the Neemrana Music Foundation Choir.The orchestra will be conducted by someone from the US and Russia, and the troupe will also have a voice coach from New Zealand. The Indian solo singers were trained in France especially for the performance.Before the performances in an actual auditorium, there was a teaser at Central Park on Friday- a setting so informal that it seemed to contradict the very idea of western classical music.Mozart Magic will take place in two parts - the first featuring selections from the opera The Magic Flute, and the second with seven acts from Idomeneo, Cosi Fan Tutte, and The Marriage of Figaro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418221", "title": "This man might live to 1,000", "text": "MUMBAI: When he sees the PDF of this article, Aubrey de Grey will not like the headline. He will absolutely hate it, since he particularly instructed TOI not to give it.His suggestion, sorry, instruction, was: Longevity, a side effect of regenerative medicine. \"Here!\" he shouted above the din of the bar a few metres from the IIT's main gate, shoving the pen back into the correspondent's hand. \"Write that down... Yes, go on! Write that down,\" he said in a clipped Cambridge accent that had the hint of a lisp.Clearly, newspaper headlines are not the strong point of de Grey, a scientist whose research has underlined the need to stop the ageing process in humans, a need that many have questioned, saying what will then be the meaning of being human.He dismisses such philosophical questions as irrational and unscientific. \"Ageing kills more people every day than any other thing. Yet we do not consider it a disease,\" he says, his piercing eyes trying to drill the point in. \"People don't know about the science. People don't want to think about it. Ageing causes suffering, diseases... Alzheimer's, cancer... We intend to fix them.\"The first person plural refers to biogerontologists--scientists who investigate the ageing process. Till four or five years ago, biogerontology, in particular de Grey's research, was not taken seriously by the scientific community. But now, many scientists, businesses and governments have started seeing sense in it. In 2002-03, De Grey says, he was ignored. In 2003-04, he was ridiculed. \"But now I have tacit support. In 2006-08, people recognized I had won the battle. I am now waiting for the tacit support to become active. I am waiting for the people who ignored me to tell me 'we were always with you'.\"You know what? Everybody has been scared of ageing since the time of Gilgamesh. Still, you convince yourself that ageing is good, that it is inevitable, just because you cannot think of doing anything about it. But we must grow up and be rational about ageing.\" What about overpopulation? What about ageing cure being accessible only to the rich? \"Did you notice how amusing what you just said sounds? On one hand you are worried about overpopulation. On the other you are worried about ageing cure being a preserve of the elite. Aren't those mutually exclusive propositions?\" he says in a burst of clarity. But the expression on his face is more of resignation than triumph.\"Most technologies take long to become cheap. It is the responsibly of governments to make them accessible to the majority. Also, governments will save on health budgets if they (subsidize) anti-ageing therapy.\"It is difficult to find fault with de Grey's logic. More so when one realizes he is a man of razor sharp intellect. Consider this. He graduated in computer science from Cambridge in 1985, spending the next few years on AI research. He met his future wife, Adelaide Carpenter, in 1990, and the geneticist, 19 years his senior, taught him biology at the dinner table. In 2009, he cofounded the SENS Foundation (Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence Foundation) in California to further his research.\"There's a 50% chance anti-ageing cure will be found in my lifetime. But there is a 10% chance that it will not happen in the next 100 years,\" de Grey says with a scientist's caution. \"I know, and I know that I don't know\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419425", "title": "Now, zinc tablets in ORT for kids suffering from diarrhoea", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five years after being approved by the Union health ministry's child health division, the state government health facilities will include zinc tablets as a part of oral rehydration therapy (ORT) for kids suffering from diarrhoea. Till now, oral rehydration solution (ORS) was a part of ORT. \"The ORT has now assumed the shape of a kit which will contain two packets of ORS and 14 tablets of zinc to be given to the unwell child,\" said Dr Ashok Mishra, chief medical officer, Lucknow, which is one of the eight selected districts where ORT kits will be available .The health officials claim that the facility will be extended to other districts from 2012 financial year. The World Health Organisation (WHO) was the first to prescribe use of zinc with ORS. The WHO had cited that zinc along with ORS reduces the duration of diarrhoea episode by up to 25 %, besides checking loss of water from the body by causing 30% reduction in stool volume.Zinc makes a significant beneficial impact on the clinical course of acute diarrhoea. It reduces both severity and duration . The Union health ministry had constituted a technical advisory committee to see if the recommendation could be implemented in India as well. The committee, in a meeting on March 28, 2007, had said that adequate evidence was available proving that zinc supplementation reduces the duration and severity of diarrhoea.It added that ORS remains an essential component of treatment for diarrhoea but supplementing it with zinc would help. They said that supplies should be provided through reproductive and child health programme (II) under the National Rural Health Mission. The CMO said that supplies for rural areas of Lucknow have been received by his office. They would be dispatched to community and primary health centres soon so that the programme could be rolled out. \"We would cover urban areas later,\" Dr Mishra said. He added that this is going to have a positive impact on the private sector as well. \"We have set the precedent for everyone else to follow,\" he said. Though largely recommended and publicised, the practice is not universal.To note, diarrhoea kills nearly five lakh children every year in the country. It is the second most common cause of death in children aged below five years in India, mainly in UP, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Orissa. And of these deaths, 88% are caused due to poor sanitation , unhygienic practices and contaminated drinking water. It is often associated with increasing the risk of polio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418677", "title": "Ishita wants to remake 'Titanic' to play character of 'Rose'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If doomsday rumour is anything to go by, then 20-year-old Ishita Dahiya would love to pack her bags and run away. Next? Adventure, romance, action follow.From touring the world to experience different cultures, trying dangerous adventure sports to getting featured in a video with Lady Gaga and receiving a Nobel for social work, Ishita wants to do it all in the months left before doomsday.Her first wish is to roam around the world and experience different lifestyles and cultures.She says, \"I love travelling, meeting new people and experiencing different lifestyles and cultures. Also ever since childhood I have been a very adventurous person, and before dying it's my ultimate wish to do extreme sports. Before dying I want to become fearless about everything.\"Next, the commerce student desires to become world's most famous social personality and a journalist so that she can interview her idol A P J Abdul Kalam.Ishita said, \"I desire to become a media journalist one day and there are two people I dream to interview - first would be the greatest ever President of India, Abdul Kalam and next will be Bill Clinton . Both of these personalities inspire me. They are truly the best politicians I have ever seen in my life.\"Entertainment and romance are also not far behind on Ishita's wishlist. \"I want to get featured in a video with Lady Gaga and try on all the weird and absolutely unique styles that she has. I also want to remake my all-time favourite film, \"Titanic\" to play the character of \"Rose\". Last but not the least I dream to go on a date with the most romantic hero of all times, Ashton Kutcher .\"And social work is surely not behind. Ishita wants to work for the cause of underprivileged and poor in India a?? and work hard enough to win a Nobel for it! \"I wish to help the poor and needy. Give them everything so that they get a chance to live their life, rather than worry about earning a meal.\"Also I want to become a very famous personality for all the good causes and I want people to look up to me as their inspiration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11418649", "title": "SP returns from leave to discover he has no cabin", "text": "PANAJI: This shouldn't happen in a disciplined force like the police. A police officer of the rank of superintendent was recently uprooted from his cabin in his absence by another officer of the same rank from the Goa police service.SP (security) Tony Fernandes returned from his day's casual leave on December 22, 2011 and found that he was without a cabin at the police headquarters in Panaji as it was being occupied by SP Allen de Sa.Left with no option, Fernandes began hopping from cabin to cabin and even sitting in the conference room for almost a fortnight.Sources said that Fernandes, who was holding additional charge as SP (coastal security) was given charge of immigration, while SP Allen de Sa was posted as SP (coastal security).With IPS officer SP Vijay Singh , who is holding charge of traffic and anti narcotic cell (ANC), being given charge of general administration, he was asked to occupy SP Allen's office office in the police headquarters, while SP Allen was asked to shift to an office above Panaji police station which till then was occupied by SP (ANC). Instead SP Allen shifted to SP Tony's office.\"As there was a shortage of rooms for SPs to be housed at the police headquarters, we had made arrangements for de Sa to shift to the ANC SP's office above Panaji police station,\" a senior police officer said. However, in Fernandes' brief absence, de Sa moved in to the cabin.On returning, Fernandes found he had no office to operate from. \"He sometimes sits with other SPs in their cabin and if the conference room is vacant, he sits there and coordinates with his officials,\" sources said.An upset Fernandes complained to DGP Kishan Kumar and the police chief has asked the senior officers to look into the matter and take necessary action.Recently, SP (headquarters) sent a wireless message asking de Sa to vacate Fernandes' cabin and relocate to the cabin allotted to him above Panaji police station.\"Till Saturday de Sa had not vacated. We expect him to vacate the room by Monday,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11418191", "title": "Gurgaon IT exec behind Rs 49.9 lakh fund transfer fraud", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested an assistant manager of a Gurgaon-based IT firm on Saturday, who allegedly transferred Rs 49.9 lakh to the account of a vegetable vendor in Kolkata. Investigators said that the accused wanted to be rich overnight.The unauthorised transfer of Rs.49.94 lakh was made from the account of Pernod Ricard India, which moved an application seeking the freezing of the bank account of vendor Badal Dass from Kolkata's Berhampur area. The funds were transferred through the National Electronic Fund Transaction on December 24.On a complaint from the company's manager Rajesh Chaudhary, the police had registered a case of cheating and criminal breach of trust against unknown people.Police found out that Aftab, assistant manager of Parnode India Pvt Ltd, was behind the unauthorized transfer.\"Aftab has confessed to his crime. He used to live in Kolkata years back where he befriended Badal. Before making the fraudulent transaction, he approached Badal and told him that he was interested in buying a plot in Kolkata and that he will transfer money to his account for this purpose, which he will take from the vendor later. Investigation established that Badal was not aware how huge the sum was that was transferred to his account,\" said Kailash Chand, additional SHO, DLF-II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11419575", "title": "Pre-marital counselling slowly makes its way into city after eight years", "text": "Though pre-marital counselling was introduced in the early 2000s in the city, it is only now that increasing number of couples look upon it as an option. Counselling looks to preempt and resolve future marital disputes by getting couples to talk openly about their individual obligations towards family, work and domestic life.From meeting two couples a year about eight years ago, specialists say they do pre-marital counselling for at least 20 couples every year. Dr Saras Bhaskar, counselling consultant and coach, was among the first to start these sessions in 2003 after she moved back from the US.\"When families set out to make a match in an arranged marriage , they consider age to be an indicator of an individual's readiness for marriage but don't factor in the person's psychological readiness,\" she said.Pre-marital counselling is meant to prepare couples for what they can expect from a marriage. \"Recently, a couple - to be married in four months - came to me. As the counselling progressed , they shed a lot of inhibitions. With a little help, they were able to talk openly. I could see their comfort level improving,\" she said.Dr Brinda Jayaraman, counselllor and founder, Anchor Self-Help Access (ASHA), who worked with Dr Bhaskar to popularise pre-marital counselling earlier, said they had initiated a cross-promotional venture with a jewellery store earlier wherein families shopping for a wedding were given a coupon to attend a preparatory workshop.\"The concept did not pick up at that time, but now everyone recognises the need for it. Each person has his own image of a partner. When it does not match with the reality, they get disappointed. This disappointment turns into frustration over the years. It is important that bonding happens between husband and wife in the first year of marriage . This will help them sort out any conflict that may arise in the future,\" she said.While most couples come of their own accord or hear about counselling from friends , there are cases of couples being referred by their families.\"In a few cases, the girl's family is apprehensive about how she will adjust to a new life. We also prepare couples for sexual expectations. This is done by the church for the Christian community, but a girl talking about sex is largely taboo until she gets married. We counsel both partners to ease them into this area,\" Dr Jayaraman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417548", "title": "Jeevandhra stores to sell drugs at cheaper rates", "text": "HYDERABAD: To provide quality drugs at a low price for the poor, the AP Medical Services and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APMS&IDC;) of the health department has decided to open 'Jeevandhra pharmacy stores' selling generic drugs at major government hospitals in the city. To begin with, a pharmacy would be opened at the Osmania General Hospital (OGH) on January 10 where about 340 varieties of drugs will made available for the people. Similar stores will be opened at Gandhi Hospital, Nims and Niloufer Hospital in the following weeks. These pharmacies would be run by NGOs like AP Senior Citizen's Confederation and Red Cross. The pharmacy at OGH would be run by the AP Senior Citizens' Confederation.APMS&IDC;, on a pilot basis, had started some stores by roping in NGOs and non-profit organisations at King George Hospital in Visakhapatnam and teaching hospitals in Vijayawada and Kakinda. These stores have been selling drugs worth nearly Rs four crore every month. Buoyed with the response, the medical corporation has now decided to open similar pharmacies in the city.\"We are going to take up a massive campaign on the use of generic drugs, which are equally good in quality and cheap when compared to branded drugs. For instance, an antacid like Pantaprozole's branded tablet market retail price in the open market starts from Rs 60 for 10 tablets, whereas it costs only Rs 11 at Jeevandhra generic drugs,\" APMS&IDC; general manager Ravi Udaya Bhaskar told TOI.The corporation has been facilitating the NGOs in procuring 340 essential drugs (generic) through clearing and forwarding agencies The Jeevandhra pharmacies would sell the drugs by taking only 10% over the production cost. As a result, people will get huge discount at Jeevandhra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11429943", "title": "Now, a Roman Holiday ride with Vespa on Indian roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: The famous scooter-ride sequence in all-time classic movie Roman Holiday as Joe Bradley (Gregory Peck) loses the helm to the enthusiastic Princess Anne (Audrey Hepburn) riding a Vespa through the cobbled streets is among the most enduring images in cinematic history. The Crown Princess's fleeting love affair with the American foreign correspondent in the enchanting comedy shot Hepburn to the fame and forever welded Vespas to Rome in the popular imagination.Now, nearly half a century later, the iconic scooter that has kindled romance the world over, is set to ride into India. Piaggio Vehicles Pvt Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Piaggio &amp; Co SpA, Italy, will enter the Indian market on its own for the first time with a range of 125-cc gearless scooters that are technologically a world apart from the one that Gregory Peck and Audrey Hepburn rode but retain the iconic styling that has been loved for generations.This isn't Vespa's debut in India though, having made two forays into the country through licensed manufacturing with Bajaj Auto in 1960s and LML Motors in 1980s. Back then, the Indian manufacturers had pushed Vespa as an affordable personal transport option when cars were owned by privileged few.This time, however, Piaggio is positioning Vespa as an aspirational luxury and lifestyle product with a rich history to trumpet. It aims to be the creme de-la creme in the 2.5 million Indian scooter market, a classic slot that is occupied by the lines of Harley Davidson and Triumph in motorcycles, Fiat 500, Mini and VW Beetle in cars.\"Vespa is a way of life. It is not a mobility product. Scooters come and go. But a Vespa remains forever. It's design is immortal. It is about style and fashion. It is for the brand conscious and discerning. It is about excitement and igniting passion,\" said Piaggio Vehicles India chairman &amp; managing director Ravi Chopra.Targeted at the young generation who seek to be distinctive and exclusive, Chopra said the Vespa scooters would be meant for people who had either arrived or were about to arrive in life. \"Around 18 million Vespas have been sold since inception. India, I am sure, will contribute strongly to the numbers despite being a premium product,\" he said, adding that there are plans to begin a Vespa club later in the year.The scooters, to be officially launched in April, will be manufactured at a 150,000 capacity per annum plant in Baramati, Maharashtra. The investment made in the venture is around 32 million euro. In the first phase, the scooter will be sold in 35 cities, primarily in north and west India. In the second phase, a couple of months later, more cities will be added in south and east.\"We expect the LX 125/150 to be an important offering from Vespa through additional models may be introduced later,\" Chopra said. Only time though will tell whether Vespa scooters will be able to weave their charm in the two-wheeler market that is overwhelmingly dominated by motorcycles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11419611", "title": "Death of three in Vishwakarma exposes how unsafe the plants are here", "text": "JAIPUR: The three labourers, who died at an oil refinery in Vishwakarma, could have been saved had the plant owner followed the safety measures properly, police said.The Sunday morning incident at the Vishwakarma industrial area has once again brought to fore the glaring negligence towards safety of workers at the factories in the city. Police said not a single safety measure was being followed at the Bharat Industrial Oil Plant where the deceased labourers were working.The police immediately booked the two plant owners under Section 304 of IPC, which if proved in court can lead to life sentence.Three labourers died one by one after they climbed into a lubricant and industrial oil tank to clean it. Police said the labourers were not wearing masks or any safety gear, nor was there any oxygen cylinder.\"The five labourers went to clean the tank without any supervision,\" DCP, west, Sharad Kaviraj, said.\"The three labourers were alive when taken out. Had there been oxygen cylinder and other first-aid equipment, they could have been saved,\" said the officer.\"The exact cause of the deaths is yet to be known as the postmortem reports will come on Monday. However, prima-facie the labourers died of poisonous gases,\" officer added.Police said the tank was closed leading to formation of poisonous gases.Sources said there are many such factories in Vishwakarma area where no safety norms are followed. The administration has also failed to enforce them.\"We have taken strict action against the two plant owners. It is a case of clear negligence, thus, the two have been booked under IPC Section 304 for culpable homicide not amounting to murder,\" officer said.Ramnarayan, a co-labourer at the plant, said, they were not told about any safety measures.\"If we were not given safety gear, how we are supposed to wear it,\" Ramnarayan asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419721", "title": "Kodagu pips Munnar as tourist destination", "text": "BANGALORE: Yes, you have read the headline right. Kodagu , the picturesque sleepy hills surrounded by the forested slopes of the Western Ghats, has overtaken Munnar in Kerala as a must-see place.The figures available with Karnataka and Kerala tourism departments say it all.In 2010, Kodagu had 5,94,467 tourists (5,87,216 domestic and 7,251 foreign tourists ), double that of Munnar which saw 2,45,438 tourists (of them, 19,690 foreign tourists). Up to November 2011, Kodagu saw a quantitative leap with over 15 lakh visitors.\"It is a huge number considering Kodagu is yet to be exploited commercially. Tourists to Karnataka ensure they accommodate a trip to Kodagu,\" said K Viswanatha Reddy, director, department of tourism, Karnataka.Its popularity is largely attributed to the quality homestays that have come up in recent times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11418013", "title": "60 farmers booked for panchayat in run up to elections", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Gautam Budh Nagar administration has slapped a criminal case against 60 farmers for violating the Model Code of Conduct after they held a panchayat barely a small distance from Mayawati's native place Badalpur.A case has been registered with the Badalpur police station in Greater Noida under section 188 of IPC (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant) for holding the panchayat in Dujana village.After the FIR was filed, villagers from the area condemned the administration's move and said that injustice was being done to them. The farmers claimed that the panchayat on December 31 was purely non-political and held to discuss the forceful occupation of their agricultural lands by builders. Farmers alleged that the government was trying to help the builders under the garb of violating the code of conduct.\"Out panchayat was not planned from before. It was sudden as a developer started digging our farmlands using earthmovers without giving us any notice. We just wanted to discuss future course of action to tide over the crisis,\" said Dr Jitendra Nagar, coordinator of the High-Tech City Pratirodh Andolan.\"No representative of any political party or a candidate contesting the polls present. There is no reason to believe that we had violated any rules. We did not even use any loudspeakers and chose to hold the gathering in the temple premises as all had gathered there spontaneously,\" Nagar added.Inder Nagar, a resident of Dujana who attended the gathering, said, \"We were just around 30-35 people. It was very peaceful. We didn't even realize that a case would be lodged. Had we known, the panchayat wouldn't have been held. It was a shock to see our names in the FIR.\"The police action has also infuriated other farmer bodies. \"This is curtailment of our democratic rights. If someone occupies our lands forcefully, we have every right to discuss the matter,\" said Ranbir Pradhan of Gramin Panchayat Morcha and a resident of Sadullapur.District magistrate, Hirdesh Kumar said, \"A meeting during poll times requires prior permission. If the farmers have problems with us, they can approach higher authorities. But if they want to gain political mileage through such an act, it would be strictly dealt with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424815", "title": "\u2018Crab\u2019 a bite!", "text": "Pull on your pincers and dig into the juiciest, freshest and most scrumptious of crabs at the Crab Festival organised by Simply Grills, the moonlit riverside restaurant of Goa Marriott Resort &amp; Spa.Walk in with friends and family between 11th and 22nd January 2012 and feast on lip-smacking creations of crab meat by expert chefs in fine Goan, Indian and other international culinary styles.Among the creations you'll find the pleasantly spiced Crab Xec Xec, flavoursome Crab Bisque, sweet yet spicy Singaporean Chilli Crab and zesty Tandoori Crab Claws. The gentle waves lapping the shore and the cool breeze to go with them make for an ideal ambience to an enjoyable meal.When: On from 11th to 22nd January 2012 Where: Simply Grills, Goa Marriott Resort &amp; Spa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11418647", "title": "Bringing alcoholism and AIDS to the forefront", "text": "PANAJI: Alcoholism has ruined many families. Some of our unemployed youth are easily addicted to alcohol and are they enslaved easily. When under the influence of alcohol, one can turn into a beast, thus ruining his own life and the precious life of others. This is the message conveyed by comedian Ambe in his drama 'Dhanvta To Ghoddo'.Nisha (Nancy Gomes) is left disheartened after her lover passes away. She tries to cope with life, despite her immense grief and pain. While trying to overcome her sorrow in the garden, Rocky (Jose) confronts Nisha along with two of his goons. He is impressed by Nisha's appearance and tries to win her confidence forcefully.But like a good samaritan, Sandra (Evon) comes to Nisha's rescue and succeeds in saving the hapless girl from the clutches of the hungry goons. Confronted by strangers, Nisha fears that those goons may attack her on her return home. Sandra goes a step forward and decides to take Nisha to her house.But little does Nisha realize that she will encounter the worst at Sandra's residence. As she makes efforts to make her comfortable there, Sandra's brother-in-law Zico Gonsalves (Franky) drops in drunk. In his intoxicated state, he rapes Nisha without a second thought. Sandra, who appears on the scene a little later, does not react. Instead, she is happy with the development as she is aware that her brother-in-law is a beast when under the influence of alcohol. Nisha resolves to marry Zico, despite the fact that he has a girlfriend.Why does Nisha take such a decision and does she succeed in fulfilling her promise? How does Sandra react to the entire situation? What is its outcome?Nancy Gomes has given her best performance as an AIDS victim. Franky excels in his character of an alcoholic. Justin wins the sympathy of the audience in his role as Nisha's father.Comic interludes by Ambe, Aurelio and Agnelo provide a laughter riot, but some of them could have been toned down. Songs rendered by Menino Mario (Sobhav), Jose/Evon (Noxibak Roddonaka), Cajie (Adim ani Atam), Jose (Padrik Okman) are appealing. Although the singers were ably supported with live music throughout the show, the wind instruments went amiss. The director could have paid better attention to stage setting to enhance the drama. Introduction of two amateur artistes Agnelo (comedian) and Cajetan de Cacoda (singer) have paved way for the growth and future of tiatr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417429", "title": "KCR woos T with quota in pvt sector", "text": "HYDERABAD: Promising to unveil a new industrial policy for the new state, Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) chief K Chandrasekhara Rao Sunday tried to lure private sector employees to the T cause by promising to reserve 90% of jobs for locals.Addressing employees after launching a Telangana private sector employees' association, Rao said a GO to this effect would be issued making it mandatory for all the 18,000 odd industries and organisations in the region to implement it.Rao observed that \"there would have been no unemployment in the region had these industries and establishments given due importance to the people of Telangana. I request all private sector employers to fill 85% to 90% of posts with local Telangana people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11419617", "title": "Three labourers die after inhaling poisonous gas at oil plant", "text": "JAIPUR: Three labourers died one by one after they climbed into an oil tank to clean it at an oil refinery plant in Vishwakarma Industrial Area on Sunday morning. The labourers were not wearing masks and had not put on any safety equipment leading to their death, most likely due to poisonous gases and suffocation, said police officers. The two owners of the plant were arrested for criminal negligence.According to deputy commissioner of police (DCP), West, Sharad Kaviraj, the labourers, identified as Gopu Shah, Gopal Patel and Samraj alias Shyam Raj were working at Bharat Industrial Oil Corporation at Road No. 9 in Vishwarkarma. While Gopi was from Motihari in Bihar, the other two belonged to Mirzapur in Uttar Pradesh. All of them were about 23-years-old.The plant is run by one Pankaj Kumar Poddar and Deepak Kumar.The incident took place around 9.30 am. \"There were a total of five labourers to clean the tank used in refining industrial and lubricant oil,\" said DCP Kaviraj.First, Gopu climbed into the 20-feet deep tank using staircases. \"When he didn't come out for a long time, Samraj and Gopal also went inside one by one. All the three did not come out following which the police were informed,\" said the officer.Eyewitnesses told TOI Gopu had almost drowned in the tank's oil while the two got stuck in iron pipes there.\"The tank which is used in refining the oil was closed for two days. It seems that it led to formation of poisonous gas,\" said another employee at the plant, Ramnarayan Kumar.Some factory officials then informed the police and with the help of people working in nearby offices, the three labourers were taken out.\"They were rushed to SMS Hospital where they died while undergoing treatment,\" said addl DCP Yogesh Goyal, who arrived at the spot.The officer said as no safety procedures were being followed by the plant owners, an FIR was registered under Section 304 of IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder).\"We have arrested Deepak and Pankaj for negligence,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11419457", "title": "Cargo drone to rescue of areas strewn with bombs", "text": "LONDON: American military scientists have designed what they claim is a revolutionary pilotless cargo drone that can deliver vital supplies to territories plagued by roadside bombs.The US scientists are currently conducting a sixmonth evaluation programme for two of the new craft at Camp Dwyer, a Marine Corps airfield in the Garmsir district of Helmand in Afghanistan, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Surveillance drones for monitoring enemy activity and launching airstrikes have become a trademark of America's wars in Afghanistan, Iraq and elsewhere in the Middle East. But it is the first time the chopper version designed for transport, Kaman KMAX, is being used operationally, say the scientists. The two craft have flown 20 transport missions since the inaugural flight on December 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417265", "title": "NCP demand unrealistic: Cong minster", "text": "MUMBAI: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) boss Sharad Pawar on Sunday justified his party's demand for 65 seats in case of an alliance with the Congress for the civic elections next month.\"Now, we have more legislators and an MP too,\" he said, adding, \"Compared to the NCP, the Congress is no doubt an important and bigger political party, but at the same time it should not take the NCP for granted.''Rattled by Pawar's ultimatum, Chavan said he was sure that an agreement would be reached between the two parties on seat-sharing. \"I discussed the issue with my party MPs, legislators and senior office-bearers. I am positive on contesting the polls with the NCP. Since there is pressure on both parties, chances of an alliance are good and I am confident that the row will be resolved amicably. We are meeting NCP leaders on Monday or Tuesday,'' Chavan told TOI.Chavan denied his New Delhi visit was prompted by Pawar's ultimatum. But sources said the final decision on an alliance would be taken in Delhi.During the day today, Chavan had prolonged meetings with Congress MPs Sanjay Nirupam, Milind Deora, Gurudas Kamat, Eknath Gaikwad and Priya Dutt on seat-sharing and drawing up a strategy for the polls. \"Everyone has given us their views and now there are fewer hurdles,'' Chavan said.State unit chief Manikrao Thakre and his Mumbai counterpart Kripashankar Singh endorsed Chavan's view. \"We are determined to dislodge the Sena-BJP from the BMC. Though there are some disputes on sharing of seats, we expect to resolve them amicably,'' Thakre said.A senior Congress minister said the NCP's demand for 65 seats appeared unrealistic.Meanwhile, Congress MP Gurudas Kamat diluted his stand on Sunday saying only if there was a reasonable demand should the Congress join hands with the NCP. Kamat was not reachable for comment, but senior leaders who attended the CM's meeting, confirmed his statement. Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam strongly advocated the case for an alliance with NCP. \"If our aim is to dislodge the saffron combine from the BMC, then we must contest the polls with the NCP,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417229", "title": "Team Anna foolish: Bal Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray slammed Team Anna and questioned the integrity of Anna Hazare's close colleagues, such as Arvind Kejriwal , Kiran Bedi and Shanti Bhushan. \"They are nincompoops.They are fighting among themselves. Shanti Bhushan has been found guilty of evading income-tax. Kiran Bedi too has been found guilty of charges of financial irregularity,\" the Sena chief said in an interview with 'Saamna', the party mouthpiece, on Sunday.The four-part interview marks his 85th birthday on January 23. The Q&A; assumes significance in view of the civic elections on February 16 and he is expected to spell out his party's views on the issue.Thackeray alleged that Hazare's India Against Corruption (IAC) crusade was backed by corporates. He said those who spoke of weeding out corruption from public life are silent when the Congress distributes favours to voters during elections.He criticized Bollywood for supporting Hazare's campaign. \"What right do these people have to speak against corruption? Don't they take black money?\" Thackeray also asked who financed Hazare's 'five-star fast' in New Delhi last year.Launching a frontal attack on Sonia and her son Rahul, he said the Gandhi family had no concern for the country. He iterated that Sonia was a foreign national and ridiculed Rahul for aspiring to be prime minister.Thackeray said that the democratic system in India was full of pit falls and strongly favored the US presidential system which allows the President to rise above narrow party consideration. Thackeray also took strong exception to the Governor's office and the huge expenditure on maintaining the raj Bhavans'.There are too many servants and gardeners and cooks in Raj Bhavan. Lavish dinners are held there regularly. There is no need for such wasteful expenditure. The office of the Governor was instituted by the British Raj. It was necessary then given the administrative structure of the time. Now we have chief minister who can take all decisions.But Thackeray praised Indira Gandhi for her determination and leadership qualities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11424228", "title": "Govt orders special software for visually impaired", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a step that would bring relief to scores of blind persons aspiring for clerical jobs across the country, the government has decided to provide them a special keyboard and screen reading software while appearing for recruitment tests.The order of the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment will be applicable for the recruitment tests scheduled in the first fortnight of this month.\"Candidates with visual impairment be allowed the choice of the keyboard layout that is compatible with Mangal font for taking the skill tests.The appropriate key board layout together with the compatible screen reading software such as JAWS, SAFA for the purpose of skill test be provided either by SSC at the venue of the test or the visually impaired candidates be allowed to use their own computer/laptop for the skill test,\" the January six order by Chief Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities P K Pincha to the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) said.The step will help those visually impaired aspirants who apply for the SSC-advertised posts of Stenographers and Lower Division Clerks (LDCs) and have to undertake a computer-based skill test.A public interest complaint was filed by an NGO-- All India Confederation of the Blind with the Ministry in this regard pleading that in the absence of such an arrangement, the governments policy of reserving one per cent posts for visually impaired people cannot be \"maintained\" as they cannot compete fairly.The Chief Commissioner also ordered the SSC to ensure \"that the softwares are loaded in the computers well in advance so that the concerned candidates with visual impairment are not put to any last minute confusion.\"The Chief Commissioner for Persons of Disabilities functions under the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment.Pincha has also asked the SSC to file an action taken report by January 25 and the matter will again be taken up on February 3 after SSC files its reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11421954", "title": "Matrix aims to sell 9 lakh SIM in 2012", "text": "NEW DELHI: International SIM and data card seller Matrix Cellular expects to sell around 9 lakh connections in the 2012-13 financial year.\"Matrix is expecting to sell between eight to nine lakh country-specific SIM and data products to international travellers in FY'13. In this, data products are expected to contribute 30 per cent, compared to around 10 per cent at present,\" Matrix Cellular CEO Arun Batra told PTI.He said the company is now focused on pushing sales of country-specific data cards, which will enable users to access Web and e-mail while travelling internationally at approximately one-tenth the price of normal international roaming.\"During normal international roaming, a customer has to pay around Rs 750 per MB, but we are offering access to the web for customers travelling to the US and UK at Rs 75 per MB,\" Batra said.Matrix sells country-specific SIM and data products that are activated when the user reaches that country and are deactivated on his return.\"With these products, travellers can make calls and use other services at locally applicable tariffs. We have seen data usage increasing over a period of time and hence, we have started focusing on data products,\" Batra said.Seeing the demand for accessing the Internet during international roaming, Matrix has introduced its Bolton application for smartphones, which will allow user to access 5 GB of data by paying between Rs 1,800 and Rs 2,500. The application has a validity of 15 days.Matrix is also planning to increase its channel partner network from 350 members at present to 1,000 by the end of FY'13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419655", "title": "Gita shlokas rent the air", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as shlokas from the Bhagavad Gita reverberated at Palace Grounds, there was a controversy brewing over the inclusion of it in school syllabus.Venue was the culmination of four years of Gita Abhiyan, organized by Shrimad Jagadguru Shankaracharya Sri Swarnavalli Maha Samsthanam, Sonda (near Sirsi), on Sunday, attended by 30,000 people from various parts of the state. Organizers urged the state government to make the Gita a part of school curriculum.Educationists have opposed the idea saying it was a back door entry for saffronisation of education and would invite controversial questions about why other religious texts should also not be part of the curriculum.A S Seetharamu, consultant, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, said he welcomes the idea of introducing Gita in schools but was not for it being taught during regular school hours. \"Attendance should be voluntary. Later if some sects want to introduce Bible or Quran outside of school hours, the government should not be against it. The country believes in equal treatment of all religions . The Gita is a treatise on mental well-being and personality development. But how best it can be implemented without affecting the sentiments of the people is the question,\" he said.Niranjan Aradhya of the Centre for Child and Law, National Law School of India University, said the move is not in good taste. \"If Gita, why not the Bible or the Quran. This is like saffronisation of education. I can understand introducing the Constitution, it's a sacred book for all Indians. There are much more important issues that need to be addressed. The RTE rules are yet to be notified in the state. When all these are pressing needs, why Gita?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418126", "title": "Brace for more cold days: MET", "text": "MUMBAI: The temperature and humidity levels dipped again in the city on Sunday after the build-up of the week. The minimum temperatures dipped to 14 degrees in Santa Cruz and 17.4 degrees in Colaba.The daytime temperatures, too, plunged to 29 degrees at both the places. Surprisingly, the humidity level recorded in Colaba was as low as 27%-in spite of its proximity to the sea. The weather bureau said the snowfall in the North was bringing in the cold in the city. \"There has been heavy snowfall in north India. The cold is being carried southwards by the strong northerly winds,\" said an official from Indian Meteorological Department in Mumbai.The city is in for a good spell of cold at least for the next two days, claims the MET department.\"For the next two days, the temperature may dip further. There may also be a fluctuation in the maximum and minimum temperature,\" said the official.\"It was definitely colder than Saturday. I had to carry a shawl to work,\" said an Andheri resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418920", "title": "Coins' hoarders claim to be RBI dealers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hoarders and transporters of four tones of coins have got out on bail. The duo was arrested in connection with the huge consignment of coins headed for Indore in a truck. Commercial tax department officials had intercepted the truck and reported the matter to Reserve Bank of India (RBI).A city session court on Saturday released city-based trader Ravi Gupta and his accomplice from Chhatisgarh, Jeteendra Rajai, on bail. Surprisingly, the bail application submitted by the duo's lawyer before the court says: \"We are RBI's official dealers for trading in old and mutilated currency notes and coins. RBI has written letters to different banks about us being official dealers. Exchange of small coins is a legal business so we take coins from RBI and send it to places or businessmen where it is needed.\"\"After learning about the letter, in which the duo claimed that they are RBI dealers, when we spoke to RBI officials, they denied having any such dealers,\" said Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector-1.RBI, in its police complaint against Gupta and Rajai, had claimed that the duo was part of a conspiracy to misuse currency coins. RBI and other investigating agencies have cracked down on gangs that melt currency coins and use the metal as raw material for a variety of products. Gupta was sending the coin consignment to Indore using a fake dispatch order claiming that the consignment consisted of nuts and bolts. Rajai was the consignee of the coins, but his name was not mentioned in the order.Referring to the bank's letter submitted along with the bail application, an RBI official said: \"The letter, dated June 29, 2010, issued by RBI just requests the manager of Punjab National Bank's Mascati Market branch in Kalupur to extend exchange facility of old and mutilated notes and coins to Gupta and six others. However, Gupta was blacklisted in February, 2011, when we suspected him to be misusing the facility for profit-mongering.\"The RBI official added, \"As per the Indian Coinage Act 1906, coins of the value of less than one rupee are termed as 'small coin.' However, the currency coins found in 72 gunny bags are of Rs one, two and five denominations.\"Coin cruiseDec 27: A truck with four tonnes of currency coins intercepted at Dahod Checkposts by Gujarat commercial tax department official.Dec 29: City-based trader Ravi Gupta and Chhattisgarh-resident Jeetendra Rajai goes to the tax department claiming themselves as dealers of RBI and asks them to release the seized consignment. However, the plot fails when tax sleuths call RBI officials to verify their claims.Dec 30: RBI files a police complaint against Gupta and Rajai at Naranpura police station. RBI accuses the duo of fraudulently hoarding currency coins and misusing them.Jan 2: A local court turns down bail application of the duo. During hearing, investigating official tells the court that the custody of the seized coins is yet to be secured and that they are lying at Dahod checkposts.Jan 6: City session court hears bail application of the duo. Investigating officer tells the court that they were yet to take the coins in their custody. The duo's lawyer submits a letter claiming that Gupta is a registered RBI dealer and so he can trade in coins. The court grants them bail in an order on January 7.Jan 8: A team of Naranpura police station officials leaves for Dahod to bring the coins and truck to Ahmedabad. Officials open one of the 72 gunny bags to find Rs 2 coins packed in small packets inside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "perth", "code": "11435085", "title": "Haddin should worry about his own keeping: Zaheer", "text": "PERTH: Indian pace spearhead Zaheer Khan on Tuesday came down hard on Brad Haddin for calling India a fragile team, saying the Australian wicketkeeper should work on improving his own \"fragile\" show behind the stumps instead of trying to score psychological points over the visitors.\"Haddin needs to worry about his keeping. It appears really fragile to me and he needs to start moving,\" he said.Zaheer said Haddin's comments were aimed at playing mind games with the tourists, who trail the Test series 0-2. The third Test of the series starts on Friday.\"He's doing all the talking. He's definitely playing his role.\"Haddin had stated that India tend to break down easily when faced with tough situations.\"We know this side can be as fragile as any team in the world if things aren't going their way and they can turn on each other and the media turns on them pretty quick,\" he was quoted by the media.\"We knew if we could keep them out there and put the numbers like we did on the board we knew we'd get the rewards because they break quicker than anyone in the world.\"Meanwhile, Zaheer also took a swipe at former Australian captain Ricky Ponting, saying although he scored a century in the second Test in Sydney , he didn't look the batsman he used to be.\"All I can say is that he (Ponting) applied himself well. But the Ricky Ponting of old...the flair is different now. He was more of a grinder and it wasn't his natural game. But a hundred is a hundred and all credit to him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11421289", "title": "My trainer plans to starve me: Tusshar Kapoor", "text": "Tusshar Kapoor gets talking about getting in shape, sporting short trunks and women ogling at himHow was it kissing Vidya Balan ? It was your first on screen.Gosh! Why start off with something that wasn't easy? On screen yes, it was my first kiss (laughs). The shot kept getting delayed due to some hassle or the other. This increased our anxiety. Aur haan, I kept brushing my teeth every 20 min to maintain hygiene.The Dirty Picture has helped your career rocket...You can say that. Nothing succeeds like success. Interestingly, I am playing some very bold characters. I am playing a very loud, uncouth Sardar in Samir Karnik's Chaar Din Ki Chandni. Then I have Shootout At Wadala where I play a gangster. And how can I forget Neeraj Pathak's Bhaiyyaji Superhit where I play a Bengali writer? Golmaal 4 is happening too. And last but not the least, Kya Kool Hain Hum Part 2 where I shall shock you.What's so special about that?I have been asked to wear Dostana kind of trunks. I will come out of the water and Neha Sharma will ogle at me (winks).Shy?Not really. But I am worried about getting into the right shape. Frankly, that's my trainer Pramod's problem. The plan is to make me starve, to begin with. We start in February.Are you and Preity Zinta okay with each other now after your 'botox' comment about her on national television?We are fine. She and I are even doing a film together. She signed up for Bhaiyyaji Superhit opposite Sunny Deol. She was very upset. I had called her up and we sorted it out. What I actually meant was that she still looks stunning.There was a point in your career in 2009, when you went through a low phase. Did you rethink your career choice?No. Those were the days of recession. I had some wrong people in my staff. I hadn't marketed myself well. We all make mistakes don't we? I have always taken my career decisions individually. It is a myth that I consult my family in film matters. Personally we are one, professionally we are different.The all-important question: Are you still in touch with your friend and Shor In The City co-star, Radhika Apte? Your sister Ekta allegedly did not like her...Good you asked me this. I am not in touch with Radhika at all. We had a great working relationship. That's about it. And let me tell you that Ekta was not against her. There were even rumours about Ekta sabotaging her career. Ekta is a thorough professional. And as far as I know, Radhika is abroad learning some form of dancing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "11418491", "title": "Gang loots Theni temple", "text": "THENI: A four-member armed gang broke open collection boxes in a temple at Periyakulam in Theni district and decamped with cash and silver ornaments.Gold jewels in the temple were intact as the burglars' attempt to break open a bureau failed. Police said that no arrests have been made so far, but have launched a hunt for the suspects. The Arulmigu Kamatchimman temple at Mungilanai village near Devathanapatti is over 300 years old and remains one of the famous temples in the district. The four member gang, armed with sickles and knives scaled the compound wall of the temple and entered the precincts in the wee hours of Sunday. The gang gagged the lone security personnel Pandi and snatched away the keys of the collection boxes, police said.The burglars stole cash from seven hundis in the temples and also broke open a bureau where silver ornaments and utensils were kept in the office of the temple executive officer. However, an attempt to break another bureau that contained gold ornaments of the deity failed and they fled the place. Police said the stolen cash and silver ornaments were worth Rs 2. 45 lakh. Temple security guard Pandi told the police that he could not identify the burglars as all the four men had worn masks. Police are investigated.He later lodged a complaint with the police. SP Praveen Kumar Abhinapu and senior police officials visited the spot and conducted investigations. The police have lifted finger prints from the temple to zero in on the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11419693", "title": "India has become growth driver of world economy: Pranab", "text": "JAIPUR: The high economic expansion of the country has given the means to bridge chronic deficiencies and an opportunity to share the benefits among all sections of the society, said finance minister Pranab Mukherjee here on Sunday while addressing the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas delegates.After two decades of economic liberalization, the country has not only become a growth driver of the world economy, but also helped the government to roll out programmes like NREGA which is making a difference to lives of common people in rural India.\"Empowerment through inclusive growth has been given legal entitlements such as Right to Information &amp; Right to Education. There is also a proposal for Right To Food Security,\" said Mukherjee.The finance minister also proposed creation of Rs 500 crore Women's Self Help Fund for empowering women and facilitating their inclusion in the economic growth.Though he complimented the role played by the overseas Indians in the growth of the country, he said India still hasn't tapped the full potential of the diaspora.\"What was considered a brain drain in the 70s has turned out to be brain gain. The successful diaspora brought in best practices to India, boosted the country's image and gave it an edge on the global stage,\" said Mukherjee.However, citing the example of China, wherein Chinese diaspora has been a significant contributor to FDI in China, he urged the Indian diaspora for greater participation.Reforms are key to maintain the high growth trajectory of the economy, but he said big bang reforms would be difficult to achieve the objective without consensus.On the state of economy, he said 2011 has been a difficult year for the entire world and India cannot completely insulate itself from the negative ripple effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419082", "title": "UP poll to begin on Feb 8", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission on Sunday announced a change in the election date in UP: instead of beginning on February 4 as previously announced, the polls will start on February 8.The change was made as the date of the first phase, February 4, was coinciding with Barawafat, the Prophet's birth anniversary. According to the schedule announced on December 24, elections in UP were to be held over seven phases - February 4, 8, 11, 15, 19, 23, 28. With the change in dates, now the February 4 phase would be held after the February 28 phase, said an EC source.The first phase of poll will now be held on February 8 in the 55 constituencies of Sitapur, Bahraich, Shrawasti, Barabanki, Gonda, Balrampur, Siddharthnagar, Faizabad, Basti and Ambedkar Nagar districts. What was originally declared as the first phase of the poll on February 4 in 60 constituencies of Pilibhit, Rampur, Bareilly, Kheri, Shahjahanpur, Badaun, Moradabad, Bijnor, Bhim Nagar and Jyotiba Phule Nagar, has been deferred. EC sources said elections in these seats will likely be held in March first week.The EC also deferred the January 10 notification for the assembly constituencies which were going to the poll on February 4. The EC has now requested Governor BL Joshi to issue the notification for the February 8 phase on January 12. With this, the nomination process will also start on the same day.Several political parties, especially those in Bareilly, home to a large population of Muslim voters, had given a written undertaking to EC requesting change in polling dates of the February 4 phase as it was coinciding with the Prohpet's birth anniversary. The EC decided to defer the polling dates of the first phase and start polling in UP from February 8, taking into consideration the concerns that many people would be unable to participate in the polling process as a result of the religious celebrations.A key official confirmed, \"There were concerns people would not be able to come out to exercise their franchise, if the polling was to be held on February 4, on account of Barawafat celebrations. After examining the merits of this argument, the EC decided to postpone the polling date of the first phase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418772", "title": "Difficult test allows just 30% applicants to get learner's licence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first day of UT's implementation of tougher criterion for giving learner's driving licence proved a bit too much for most applicants.Only 15 of 53 applicants could clear computerized tests that were held at the registration and licensing authority's office on Saturday. Most of the applicants were not even aware of the common symbols that are used for traffic management.\"Earlier, only 10 questions were asked in the computerized examination. An applicant had to answer six of those to pass. That gave applicants a success rate of between 60 and 70%. Now, applicants have to answer 16 of the 20 questions and that has brought the rate down to around 30%,\" said an RLA official.Currently, applicants have to get learner's licences, whose validity is six months. An applicant becomes eligible for the actual driving licence test a month after the learner's licence is issued.Sources in RLA also said that learning licence cases made up for most of the work at the office and that left little time for other visitors who came there for different works like renewal of licences, transfer of vehicle registration from one state to another, submission of road tax among others. Therefore, the authority has decided learners' license would only be prepared from 9am to 1pm instead of earlier time of 9am to 4pm daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11420757", "title": "Reading between the lines", "text": "Reading , over the ages, has equipped generations with lifeexperience that they otherwise would have been unaware of. Come to think of it, the Ugly Duckling, Thumbelina or Robin Hood are not just powerful stories, but what make them special are the subtle lessons that they pack in course of the storytelling . In the later years, how widely students read impacts their general knowledge and academic achievement.However, scientifically validated reading instruction is yet to find its way within the Indian classrooms, points out, Kate Currawalla, president , Maharashtra Dyslexia Association . Primary school teachers, she adds, receive little training in the 'teaching of reading' and there are few, if any, courses at the university level to train reading specialists or reading instructors.Many children learn to read by first grade regardless of the type of instruction they receive. Those who don't , tend not to catch up unless they receive specialised instruction. Indian classrooms tend to overlook the requirements of 'poor readers,' only a few of whom may be dyslexic and benefit if they were specifically taught the skills of reading.With this in mind, Maharashtra Dyslexia Association is all set to present 'Read 2012,' an international three-day training workshop (February 16-18 ) on teaching 'all' children how to read.A not-for-profit organisation committed to securing the rights of students with dyslexia and related reading disorders, MDA aims to provide a better understanding of this common but often misunderstood condition and promote best practice in the field through a range of initiatives.Reading skillsDifficulties in decoding and wordrecognition are at the core of most reading difficulties. Poor readers have difficulty understanding that 'sounds' in words are linked to certain letters and letter patterns. This is because, Currawalla says, many poor readers haven't developed phonemic awareness . \"Unless and until word-recognition is automatic, one can't read fluently or comprehend with automaticity ,\" she adds.While declining reading skills are often blamed on computers and new media, Currawalla points out that few primary classrooms are equipped to teach the above five components, which are crucial to reading, through a systematic, structured and stimulating methodology that instils at least fluency in this basic skill. As a result, almost half of all children in middle school read without comprehension.Research has shown that for the majority of poor readers, prevention and early intervention programmes can improve reading skills to age-appropriate levels. Children who receive instruction specifically targeting phonemic awareness, phonics, spelling, reading fluency, and reading-comprehension strategies in the normal course, read with greater ease and enjoyment as they grow up and tackle more complex texts than those who do not receive such instruction.The workshop, conducted by R Malatesha Joshi, and Suzanne Carreker , teacher-trainers from Houston, Texas, will cover the basics of reading instruction, providing successful strategies as well as hands-on experiences for systematic teaching of reading , comprehension and spelling through the primary years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "attari (wagah border)", "code": "11417715", "title": "183 finally return home from Pak", "text": "ATTARI (Wagah border): A little after sunset on Sunday, 183 weary men trooped across the Wagah-Attari border and into India, carrying their belongings over their shoulders. They were all Indian prisoners in Pakistan, arrested for crossing the border. They were released by the Pakistan government on Saturday.Of these, 179 are fisherfolk who accidentally crossed the international border while at sea. The remaining are civilians who crossed over by land. On Saturday, TOI had reported that the government of Sindh was releasing 179 fisherfolk and one civilian jailed in Karachi. An additional three civilians were also part of the group of Indian prisoners released on Sunday.Of the civilian prisoners released, one was a Punjabi who worked in the Midde East. \"I had some problem over there and wanted to return to India, so I fled the Middle East on a ship which reached Pakistan. I thought I could then cross over into India, but was arrested by Pakistani authorities,'' he said.Wrapped in shawls as they crossed the border in the bitter cold, the fisherfolk, who are largely from Gujarat, spoke of how much they missed their families and how happy they were to be back in their own country. Many said they had spent about a year in prison.Ashok, who was in prison for 15 months said, \"We don't have any GPS devices. We have no idea where the border is in the sea.''Many of the fisherfolk released on Sunday, were concerned about their fellow fishermen who were still in jail. Justice Nasir Aslam Zahid, a retired Pakistan Supreme Court judge and current chairman of Pakistan government's Committee for Welfare of Prisoners had told TOI on Friday that 276 Indian fishermen were still jailed in Pakistan after the release of these 179 fishermen.The prisoners will spend the night in Amritsar. Officials from the Gujarat fisheries will then escort the fishermen from Amritsar to Gujarat.Jatin Desai, joint secretary of Pakistan India People's Forum for Peace and Democracy, instrumental in getting fisherfolk released from both sides of the border, feels that they should be sent back via sea, along with their boats. \"Gujarat and Karachi are so close to each other, and yet Gujarati fishermen released in Karachi have to travel all the way to the Wagah border, and then from Amritsar to Gujarat. Many are from remote villages, and it will take even longer to reach,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422746", "title": "Amy wants to visit the Taj", "text": "Prateik and Amy Jackson, the lead pair of the Hindi remake of Vinnaithaandi Varuvaaya missed out on an opportunity to visit the Taj Mahal due to bad weather conditions.But the Madrasapattinam actress, who is making her Bollywood debut with the film, is keen to visit the monument of love. A source from the crew says that Amy wanted to make a pit stop at Taj during the film's promotion in Delhi. But Prateik and Amy couldn't make it to the Taj due to rough weather. \"Prateik is a huge fan of the Taj Mahal and Amy finds it very romantic. They are keen to visit the monument,\" says the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11417928", "title": "4 from Nepal held for burglary", "text": "PUNE: Four Nepali citizens were arrested by the crime branch of Pune on Saturday for looting a jewellery shop at Narhe near Katraj in December.On December 16, Devraj Saha, 33, Dhaniram Bhandari, 22, Suraj Bhandari, 23, and Chetraj Bhandari, 22, allegedly broke into Krishna Prasad jewellery shop in Narhe and made away with gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 17 lakh. Saha was arrested in Sangvi while Dhaniram, Suraj and Chetraj were arrested from Kalyan in Thane.The police have recovered gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 2.56 lakh from them. Investigations have revealed that the gang was involved in 20 burglaries in Pune, Kalyan, New Mumbai and Mumbai.The suspects, all from Nepal, would visit their acquaintances who work as watchmen in housing societies and shops. \"They would conduct a recee of the area and, if found suitable, break into the place at night. Once done with their job, they would quietly take leave of their acquaintances,\" said senior police inspector Sunil Pawar, who led the arrests. The gang was involved in burglaries at a wine shop in Kalewadi, a jewellery shop in Aundh and supermarkets and an electronics shop in Aundh and Sangvi.The investigating team comprises police constables Ashok Bhosale, Sikandar Jamadar, Sudhir Sakore, Aslam Attar, Vikas Awte and Dilip More.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417528", "title": "Travel travails for Vashi commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: Travellers were inconvenienced after services between Vashi and Kurla stations were shut down between 11am and 4pm on Sunday.On Sunday (Jan 8), passengers were already inconvenienced due to tracks between Vashi and Kurla stations being completely shut down between 11 am and 4 pm.Most passengers took an alternative rail route from Vashi to Thane station and then travelled to CST, while others preferred to make their journey by road. This caused traffic jams near the Vashi check naka and Chembur, sources said.There was another mega block on the slow line (Up) between Kalyan and Thane on Sunday afternoon, hence the frequency of trains arriving at Thane station was affected, passengers said. A jumbo block between Borivli and Goregaon stations (till 3.35pm) hit passengers on the Western Railway. \"The shutdown of rail services took us unawares. There was no prior announcement and it caused unnecessary delays,\" said a passenger at Thane station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11419164", "title": "MoU with TCS, Infy: Minster", "text": "INDORE: Software companies Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) will sign memorandum of understandings (MoU) with the state government for setting up their centres in Indore within a fortnight.Stating this while talking to TOI, industry and IT minister Kailash Vijayvargiya said, \"While MoU with Infosys will be signed in a few days, TCS is likely to complete the formalities within two weeks.\"The proposal of Special Economic Zone (SEZ) for both the projects is expected to get the Center's nod by March end. Companies are likely to start working on their respective projects from April, he informed.Excited over the positive response of companies towards investment in Indore, which is turning into another IT hub, Vijayvargiya claimed that apart from these two IT biggies, around 17 mid-level IT companies have also expressed their interest in coming to Indore.\"Around four to five companies are likely to visit the city soon to explore the possibilities of setting up their centres,\" Vijayvargiya said.He further said that the state government was even trying to attract mid-level players by modifying the IT policy to some extent.Centre creating trouble: Countering the Congress attack on state government for its failures on development front, Vijayvargiya said that instead of supporting the development efforts of the state government, Congress-led Centre was creating obstacles for the development of the state.\"For rabi season, the state government had demanded 4.85 lakh metric tonnes of fertilizers from the Centre. But it agreed to supply only 3.70 lakh metric tonnes, of which only 3.40 lakh metric tonnes were received by the state,\" said Vijayvargiya adding that the Centre failed to make proper arrangements for their transportation as well.Blaming the Union government for the power crisis in the state, industry minister said that allotment of 17.11 lakh tonnes of coal for the state thermal power plants was recommended, but only 11 lakh tonnes of coal were supplied. Interestingly, the Congress party is going to start a jail bharo campaign from January 9 over the issue of power, fertlizer and roads, he added.In reply to a query, he said Indore may not be developing as fast as expected, but refused to comment on groupism in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11417912", "title": "All things scrumptious on Monika's table", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Cooking is a passion for 42-year-old Monika Chaudhary, Cloth Studio owner of Defence Colony in BRS Nagar. She specializes in dishes not so popular in Ludhiana, Kashmiri and Awadhi. For Monika, a masters in sociology and fashion designer from NIFT, Delhi, making delicious food is a passion and she feels happy serving it to her guests at home, which has also earned her a good reputation in the colony.Says Monika, whose husband Zafar Masood is a reputed architect, 13-year-old son Sahir Chaudhary is a student of Doon School in Dehradun, and 12-year-old daughter Sarah is a student at Welham Girls school in Dehradun, \"I love cooking for my family and friends. Though my husband and children love all types of classy cuisines, they like Kashmiri food more, including biryani, kofta curry, shammi kabab, Awadhi food and continental foods the most. I also cook continental food, including Italian and Chinese.\"The Kashmiri dishes she cooks include Kashmiri pulao, rogan josh, kofta curry and shammi kabab and the Awadhi food includes dum pukht biryani, which is cooked on gas and later matured on steam, murg musallam, gosht korma, nahari and sabz gosht. She also cooks Italian and Chinese cuisines. She added that she also makes phirni, a sweet dish made of milk, cream, which is extremely liked by her family and friends.Ask her from where did she learn cooking, Monika Chaudhary answers promptly, \"Cooking has been a passion for me right from my childhood days. I used to see my mother, Sudershan Kapoor, cooking continental food in the kitchen. She is the best at it. Later, when I got married, I learnt making Kashmiri and Awadhi food from my mother-in-law Rehana Chaudhary. She is an awesome cook of Kashmiri and Awadhi food.\"She plans an eatery in city to fulfill her passion. Says Monika, \"I always wanted to open an eatery in Ludhiana and wish to get the ribbon cut by my mother and mother-in-law, who taught me to cook. It is also my dream to open an art cafA\u00a9, which will have music, art, cinema and theatre, where people can sit casually in green environment and have food too.\"Her husband and children are all praise for their classy cook, saying, \"She is the best cook we know, as she makes all types of cuisines. She doesn't allow guests to go before having the dishes she makes, which has earned her a reputation of generous feeder in the society.\" It is not only her family but the residents of the colony too who commend the cooking ability of Monika.Smriti Thapar of BRS Nagar, Dimpy Dada of Sarabha Nagar and Neeru Bansal of Agar Nagar while praising the talent of Monika said, \"She is a great cook. May almighty bless her always and she continue to make classy dishes for her family and friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11412229", "title": "Deepika Padukone in a bikini", "text": "Deepika Padukone sports a bikini again after her many calendar shoots and for Housefull. She will don a scorching red number in Cocktail.The scene will have her emerging from the water wearing it. We hear it had director Homi Adajania excited. Gimme red, anyone?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "sangam", "code": "11419035", "title": "Devoted kalpwasis begin to flock Sangam", "text": "SANGAM: Braving cold weather, thousands of kalpwasis began flocking the Sangam on Sunday for the month long Magh Mela. Many of them have covered a distance of 400 km to offer prayers at the Sangam.Kalpwasis from Bihar and Madhya Pradesh have also arrived in the city with a wish to take holy dip on the maion bath bathing days including Paush Poornima that falls on Monday. The zealous pilgrims appeared unaffected by the chilly weather or terror threat.Aditya Pandey, who has come from Satna in Madhya Pradesh, shared: \"I had a desire to take a holy dip in the Sangam and that is why I have come here along with my family members.\" He added, \"It's good to see a huge crowd roaming on the Mela campus. I have never witnessed such a big congregation before.\"Pandey, who plans to stay in the city till the end of Mela, wants to see the sea of devotees who would be arriving on the main bathing days including Makar Sankranti and Mauni Amavasvya. 72-year-old Rajrani, who arrived here from Bhagalpur in Bihar, said: \"Aaj meri sadhna poori ho gayee aur main yaha waqt bitana chahti hun (My wish has been fulfilled and I want to spend some time here as I wished to come here).\"The fact that the more visitors will be arriving till late evening hours and they also want to experience a night view of mela area. Pilgrims from neighbouring states, who arrived Sangam city in the last 48 hours, are eager to see the confluence of devotees coming here from far flung areas.\"Lakhs of pilgirms are expected to take bath on main bathing days, especially Mauni Amavasvya, and if such number of devotees arrive here, it would surely set a record,\" said a senior cop. Arjun Pathak, a resident of Reewa, along with his family members reached the Mela site on Sunday.He added that he was quite sure that he would be getting place for stay and rush of visitors has left him stunned. It is expected that most of the hotels and inns in Sangam city will be occupied on main bathing days. Hotel managers too claim that majority of visitors would be arriving in city two days before of the main bathing days.About one lakh kalpwasis are expected to stay at the month long Magh Mela. Kalpwasis between 16 years and 82 years have arrived here to perform kalpwas at the banks of river Ganga and would be praying the entire month for the well being of their families, relatives, society and country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417814", "title": "Over 2.5L books in PU library have no takers", "text": "PATNA: Even as the basic laws of library science state that books are for use and that every book has its readers, books worth crores of rupees are decaying in Patna University (PU) Central Library for want of readers. More than 2.5 lakh books and journals of different subjects stacked in this 90-year-old library are seldom consulted by faculty members or students.Surprisingly enough, the library remains open round-the-clock and a number of 'scholars' do visit the library every day, but they never demand any book or journal from the library staff. They bring their own books and notebooks and read in the library. The entire library has turned into a sort of a reading hall. Sometime back, some students used to enter the library with bedrolls and sleep there comfortably during night. But, with the intervention of PU authorities, they stopped bringing bedrolls.Opening the library for 24 hours without any proper security arrangement and allowing students to take their own books and magazines inside the premises for studies pose a direct threat to the security of the valuable library material, feel the library staff. More than 50% sanctioned posts of library staff are lying vacant for the last several years.PU library professor-in-charge Jayadeo Mishra, when contacted, told TOI that books of 32 subjects costing more than Rs 10 lakh were purchased with the help of UGC grants received during the 10th Plan period. But none of these books has ever been consulted by any teacher or researcher. Besides, more than 20 reference books, including encyclopedia on science and technology, bioinformatics and management, have been purchased at an estimated cost of Rs 10 lakh, but there is no reader.The library subscribes to 60 national and international journals in different disciplines, but they remain unread. Even books on computers are gathering dust as students of BCA or MCA do not care to visit the library and consult them.The manuscripts section of the library, once considered to be a repository of rich cultural heritage, has been lying virtually defunct. The manuscripts include 1,530 in Persian, 440 in Urdu, 316 in Arabic and 2,547 in Sanskrit, Maithili and Hindi. All these manuscripts were made available to the library during the last 80 years by different researchers and scholars. This section was earlier visited by a large number of scholars of history, literature and Indology, but today hardly any scholar visits this section. Many of these valuable manuscripts have already been eaten by termites as they are kept wrapped in cloths.Of late, PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh has initiated some steps to streamline the working of this oldest academic library of the state and restore its old glory. If all goes well, the library would start reverberating with life once again, the VC hopes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11418679", "title": "Tourism body pledges help to budding artist", "text": "KEONJHAR: The Orissa Tourist Development Corporation (OTDC) has evinced interest in supporting budding sand artist Ganesh Munda. Earlier, internationally-famous sand artist Sudershan Pattnaik had assured the poor tribal boy from Keonjhar of help after reading a report \"Teenage sand art talent seeks patronage\" in The Times of India a few days ago.\"We would like Ganesh to participate in the ongoing sand art festival in Chandrabhaga beach at Konark. We will provide free transportation, boarding and remuneration during his participation at the festival,\" said tourism officer (Keonjhar) R C Das Tourist Officer Keonjhar said \"the teenage sand artist will be provided all support to participate in the sand art festival if he desired to participate. We are keeping in touch with him\".,\" said a senior OTDC officer.Ganesh, who dreams of becoming a sand artist, is at present studying in Class IX in Balibandha High school. In the little spare time he can afford after school and house work, this tribal boy goes to a nearby stream and plays in the sand. He creates many arts in the sand purely out of his imagination.Ganesh stays with his parents and five siblings in a tiny shack at Sanahundula village in Jhumpura block. His father, Bunu Munda, is a daily wage earner. To supplement the family's income, Ganesh's mother and elder sister work as house helps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11419210", "title": "Power cut today", "text": "MANGALORE: There will be no power supply to the following areas in Udupi district from 9 am to 5 pm on January 9, 12 and 16 respectively: Padubidri, Nandikoor, Thenkayermal and Kanchinadka.There will be no power supply to the following areas under Udupi sub-division on January 10 from 9 am to 2 pm: Udupi city areas, Kunjibetu, Kadiyali, Chithpady, Kinnimulki, Shanti Nagar, Kolambe and Krishna Mutt premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11419750", "title": "Indian infrastructure needs you, Tharoor tells NRIs", "text": "JAIPUR: Participating in the 'Partnerships for Prosperity' session at the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas on Sunday, overseas Indians heavily criticised the existing, non-coperative system in the country and demanded that the formalities be simplified.\"The system is very corrupt and it takes ages to get clearances. The NRIs would be glad to return and serve the nation, but something like the Lokpal needs to be formed and adopted,'' said Hemant Patel, chairman of the Asian American Hotel Owners Association.Suggestions about simplified formalities specially for social entrepreneurs and those associated with education sector came aplenty. The NRIs demanded that the People of Indian Origin (PIOs) be treated much like local residents, as on several occasions they face difficulties for being from other countries.Member of Parliament Shashi Tharoor , who was the moderator for the session, ensured the delegates that he would take up these matters with the Union government and the ministry of overseas Indian affairs.Addressing the session, Tharoor requested the NRIs to develop partnerships with the country's growing economy and development. \"The Indian infrastructure needs you,'' Tharoor said and stressed that the investment opportunity in the country is huge and that a great deal can be done by the Indian government and the NRIs together.\"Despite a downward trend, the development is 6.9% and this knowledge based and technological driven economy is bound to grow. The term used for Indian innovations now is 'Indovations','' Tharoor said.Dato' Seri S Samy Vellu, Malaysian government's special envoy to India and South Asia while speaking on infrastructure, emphasised on the need of regional integration in PBD. \"Indians tend to benefit the most of regional integration,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11427308", "title": "Arbaaz Khan, Anurag Kashyap end war", "text": "Anurag Kashyap and Arbaaz Khan who indulged in a public war of words on a micro blogging site after Abhinav Kashyap was dropped from directing the sequel to \"Dabangg\", have put their differences aside at Farhan Akhtar's birthday party.Bollywood parties are the best place to resolve differences and become friends again. And the latest to patch up are film maker Anurag Kashyap and actor-producer-director, Arbaaz Khan.Taking to a micro blogging site to show the world that the duo have resolved all differences at Farhan Akhtar's birthday party, Arbaaz posted a picture of himself and Anurag, saying, \"Met Anurag kashyap at Farhan's party after his twitter outburst. Had a long chat. All izz well now. (sic).\"The duo had in the past indulged in a public war of words when reports surfaced that Anurag's brother Abhinav was unceremoniously dropped from directing the sequel to the blockbuster \"Dabangg\". Arbaaz was instead chosen to helm the project. Kashyap posted, \"Salman Khan thinks he made my brother's life. Hope he does the same for Arbaaz when he does Dabangg 2. All The Best (sic).\"\" The next post too hinted at the relationship gone sour with the Khan brothers. \"\"Abhinav Singh Kashyap, you rock... I love you... Show them what you are made off,\"\" posted Anurag.Not the one to be left behind, Arbaaz too posted his displeasure, saying, \"Instead of GRATTITUDE some people show ATTITUDE. Wah kya zamana aa gaya hai. Time will tell. Kabhi asliat ko bahar aane mein time lagta hai (sic).\"\"Like they say, there are no permanent friends or enemies in showbiz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417238", "title": "City's awareness drives not as much as other metros", "text": "MUMBAI: During the last monsoon, coffee shops in Bandra and some other posh locations in Mumbai had messages displayed on LCD TVs meant for advertisements, slamming the civic body for bad roads.Several text messages were also sent by private groups about pothole-ridden roads in the city. While civic activism is on the rise, analysts believe there have not been much voter awareness campaigns in Mumbai, compared to Delhi, Kolkata and Bangalore.Advertizing experts say the cost of running voter awareness campaigns in Mumbai is higher with few dividends for the investor. Janaagraha co-founder Ramesh Ramanathan said, \"It is a vicious cycle. Voter awareness campaigns will never work till you have broken the system. From errors in voter lists to lack of alternatives, all factors play a role in inadequate awareness. Also, no philanthropists who usually fund such campaigns would want to invest in Mumbai as there are no dividends for the person.\"The state election commission feels voter awareness campaigns will only work when basic amenities are provided. More voters tend to stay back home due to lack of amenities at polling booths at the ground level, like access to toilet facilities. Additional chief secretary, state election commission, Chand Goel said, \"For the first time Mumbaikars will be provided basic amenities which matter a lot for all citizens.\"Civic activist Gaurang Vora says while there are resource limitations for running a voter awareness campaign, the government must step in to improve the situation. \"There are pockets within the city where campaigns are taking place. It hasn't spread due to limitations of citizen groups like manpower, money and time. It is here where the government can step in,\" Vora said.Bangalore-based social activist Dr Meenakshi Bharath said, \"There is very little involvement with elections when it comes to Mumbai.\" Realizing that voter turnout will be crucial, opposition parties have started appealing to community leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11418764", "title": "Odisha gets a feel of river surfing", "text": "CUTTACK: The Odisha Surfing and Paddling Association (OSPA) organized a surfing programme in Mahanadi river to create awareness about the sport and promote adventure tourism in the state.Six surfers showed their skills on the still waters of Mahanadi covering a stretch of 30 km from Ghodabar village in Banki to Cuttack in the stand up paddle board on Friday. The board is specially designed to glide on the flat surface of river water. The surfers were Debabrata Das, Sanjay Samantray, founder of Rangers Adventure foundation, Joe Alaniz from Alaska , Yogi from Hawaii , Nacho from Sydney and Duh from China.The surfers informed that the stand up paddle surfing is the latest craze that has dropped in on surfing hotspots and beaches all across the world. \"People have the misconception that surfing is restricted to the rough waves of the sea. But in reality surfing can be done on the still waters of rives, lakes and other waterbodies too. The board is required to surf on the still waters and we wanted to make the people of Odisha aware about it,\" said Debabrata Das, secretary of OSPA.Das said rivers of Odisha have great potential for adventure tourism but it is not being encashed. \"River surfing in the most loved water adventure sport worldwide and even Odisha has great potential for it.We will give a proposal to the state government to start surfing facility in Mahanadi river, which will be a huge boost to tourism,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418189", "title": "\u2018World resists change, but we must go on\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Dennis Charter believes life has no downs, just twists and turns. On Sunday, the Australian-born entrepreneur shared with a packed auditorium at IIT's Techfest the inconvenience that visits those who desire to make change. He spoke to TOI, elaborating on the theme.Why is it difficult to bring about change?Some people are a long way ahead of the world, and the world takes a long time to catch up with them. Fundamental changes can take a long time for the mainstream to grasp. My latest invention is a device that you place under your tongue and it tells you if you have cancer or not. No more invasive blood tests, no more scans. It cost me eight years and a lot of money, but I have convinced governments to conduct clinical trials in 2012.Bringing about change is not easy. How was it for you?I see life as an adventure. Your life takes twists and turns along the way, and you follow the path that becomes your destiny. Twice in my life I gave up everything I had, everything I had earned, and I walked away from success and went to meditate in the mountains. That type of experience teaches you not to be attached to material things. When something bad happens, it's not the end of the world. It's a part of the adventure. I love what Coco Chanel said when asked what her biggest regret was. She said it was not making more mistakes.When will be the next big wave in the music industry?Not soon. That is because the last change, by Steve Jobs , was so fundamental. He changed the manner in which the music industry made money, functioned and conducted business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417178", "title": "ECR takes steps to streamline traffic", "text": "PATNA: The Danapur division of the East Central Railway (ECR) has chalked out an action plan to further streamline traffic movement under the division. The action plan is both short and long-term and aims to give relief to passengers while undertaking journey by trains. However, alarm chain pulling (ACP), hosepipe disconnection (HPD) and miscreants' activities have proved to be obstacles in the smooth running of trains under the division.According to divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha, the mainline section of the division right from Mughalsarai to Jhajha has already reached a saturation point keeping in view enormous load of traffic movements on both Up and Down lines on this particular route. About 264 passenger trains and 30 to 40 goods trains are passing daily through Patna Junction. As a result, long-distance trains often get bunched up at outer signals or at small stations, he said. The DRM said that the railways has identified the factors causing traffic congestion on each section of the division. The peak time for bunching up of passenger trains is between 4 pm and 8 pm in the evening while it is between 6 am and 10 am in the morning, he said, adding each train has to touch Patna Junction where the facility or infrastructure to accommodate them is limited.According to the DRM, the railways has been monitoring traffic movement round-the-clock these days. Most of the trains are getting delayed due to foggy weather condition which leads to bunching of trains. The railways has already increased the line capacity by building Intermediary Block Huts (IBH) on the mainline section so that passenger trains are not bunched up for want of track availability. Besides, crossovers have been built at each bottleneck point to give an easy passage to passenger trains, he said.The DRM, however, maintained that most of the long-distance trains are getting delayed due to alarm chain pulling, hosepipe disconnection and other reasons created by the vested interests under the division. About 400 RPF and RPSF personnel are being deployed to deal with these problems effectively to help the railways run mail and express trains uninterrupted under the division, he said, adding punctuality of trains has gone up to 85 per cent under the division due to regular monitoring.Under the long-term plan, the railways has decided to shift operation of four pairs of trains to newly built Pataliputra station soon, besides building new terminals to cope with increasing load of traffic movements. \"The railways is keen to check unnecessary detention of passenger trains at outer signals. It is due to regular monitoring that Mathura-Patna Express and Sanghmitra Express are no longer detained at Danapur for long,\" the DRM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "cambridge", "code": "11419437", "title": "Hawking ill, misses 70th b\u2019day event", "text": "CAMBRIDGE: British scientist Stephen Hawking was forced to miss a scientific debate to mark his 70th birthday on Sunday because he was only discharged from hospital two days earlier.As scientists and media gathered at Cambridge University for a symposium to mark Hawking's birthday, vice-chancellor Leszek Borysiewic said: \"Stephen has been unwell and was discharged from hospital on Friday.\"Hawking, who was diagnosed with motor neurone disease aged 21, will follow the special symposium on \"the state of the universe\" via webcast, he said.Despite spending most of his life in a wheelchair and being able to speak only through a computer, the theoretical physicist's quest for the secrets of the universe has made him arguably the most famous scientist in the world.When Hawking was diagnosed with the debilitating condition, he was given only a few years to live, but has defied medical opinion by reaching his eighth decade.\"I'm sure my disability has a bearing on why I'm well known,\" he once said. \"People are fascinated by the contrast between my very limited physical powers, and the vast nature of the universe I deal with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11423628", "title": "Amritsar coldest in Punjab at 0.4 C", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Biting cold conditions today continued to sweep most parts of Haryana and Punjab where Amritsar was the coldest place at 0.4 degrees Celsius.With snowfall lashing the neighbouring hill states of Himachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir, many towns in Punjab were in the grip of cold spell, the MeT Office said here.Ludhiana registered a minimum of 4.3 deg C, down two notches, while residents of Patiala also experienced a cold night at 4.8 deg C, down one degree.Chandigarh had a clear sky today after three days of inclement weather, but the night temperature dropped since yesterday and settled at 6 deg C.In Haryana, Narnaul was the coldest place recording a low of 4 deg C, while Hisar was also under the grip of intense cold at a minimum of 4.2 deg C, down two notches.Ambala recorded a low of 5.5 deg C, while Rohtak and Karnal recorded near similar lows at 6.1 deg C and 6.6 deg C respectively.The MeT has forecast further fall in minimum temperatures at a few places in the two states during the next two days. PTI S", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11417990", "title": "Buyers fear carrying cash for property registration", "text": "NOIDA: Property buyers in Noida are encountering a different kind of problem these days with most of them fearful of trying to register their properties. As the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration has started cracking down on movement of black money due to the polls, the cap of carrying only Rs 2.5 lakh in cash has created a problem for buyers to go to the registration office to pay for stamp duty.Surveillance teams have been tracking illegal movement of black money that could be used for polls. Last week, a team recovered around Rs 50 lakh from six individuals, however it was later found that the money was being used for registering property.Given the fact that Noida is a real estate hub, a large number of registrations are done in different offices of the sub-registrar in the district on a daily basis, with buyers coming from many parts of the country.Given the current scenario, the District Advocates and Deed Writers' Association even went on a one-day strike on Saturday complaining that surveillance in and around the offices of the sub-registrar is hampering property registration and their business.\"On an average, the total value of stamp papers sold in one of the sub-registrars' office in sector 32 is close to Rs 50 lakhs,\" said LC Sharma, general secretary of the Association. \"This is a clear indication about the quantum of money being used for property registration in Noida,\" added Sharma.However, the administration has assured that carrying excess cash is not a problem as long as the carrier is in possession of valid documents that establish the source of money and the identification of the carrier.\"As the directions have come from the Election Commission, we cannot exempt anyone from the checks, be it property buyers, petrol pump owners, traders, etc who normally carry excess cash as part of their business,\" said Saravjeet Ram, ADM (Finance). \"The carriers should carry documents identifying them, like PAN card and details of the place from which the cash has been withdrawn,\" added Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418306", "title": "\u2018Everybody to blame for poor state of women\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Indicating their outrage over atrocities committed on women, top judges of the country on Sunday made scathing remarks about living conditions of women in India.Speaking at a national conference of the All India Federation of Women Lawyers here, justice P Sathasivam, judge, Supreme Court, said: \"The traditional system of female infanticide whereby female child was done away with after birth by poisoning or letting her choke on husk continues in a different form by taking advantage of advanced medical techniques. Unfortunately, developed medical science is misused to get rid of a girl child before birth.\"The other judge from the Supreme Court at the conference, Justice Ranjana Prasad Desai, said, \"Independent India is 65 years old. Yet, women's lot has not improved. Most of them live in sub-human conditions and are treated like chattel.\"The hugely popular justice Ranjana Desai, who was described as the 'favourite child of mother justice' by the organizers, did not spare anyone for the sorry condition of women. Besides blaming all castes and communities for violence against women, she said even the criminal justice system had failed to protect women.\"The police, the prosecutors, the courts and, in fact the entire criminal justice administration system has failed to give relief to women though the Constitution zealously protects women,\" Desai said.Noting that millions of female fetuses are destroyed every year and women are trafficked at will, she said conviction rate of registered cases continued to be low.On his part, chief justice of the Madras high court, Justice M Y Eqbal said, \"Women's empowerment remains an enigma trapped in mystery, inspite of tall claims made by social activists and lip service of administrators.\"He added, \"Women's empowerment includes not justice granting them the right to vote or earmarking certain percentage in representation in democratic institutions, but also giving a woman the chance to bloom from her own groundings and surroundings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11418834", "title": "Here tribal girls learn to flourish", "text": "The proverb 'dreamers cannot be tamed' is fit for these girls of Apala Kanya Ashram. For Sanju Rana, (18) a native of a remote village near Balrampur whose counterparts in the village did not see a school, her selection in engineering at a Uttar Pradesh Technical University (UPTU) college in Ghazibad while residing and studying at the ashram has been like a dream come true.After showing good performance at international tournament of kabaddi for tribal girls in Pune in 2011, Anumpama of Lakhimpur Khiri wants to become an athlete and Anita, a native Sonbhadra, wants to qualify IIT JEE next year.Girls from nearby villages to distant places like Nagaland and Assam living at the ashram have big dreams to overcome the memories of difficult life of their backward, underdeveloped native places where there are no schools, roads and hospitals and, at the same time, get themselves adjusted to the contemporary world and become a role model to their counterparts.The Apala Kanya Ashram situated on the campus of Sharda Ashram in Pishach Mochan area looks after the education and overall development of 22 girls who hail from tribal and Maoist areas across the country. \"The objective of the trust is to connect girls of underprivileged areas to the mainstream life,\" says Bipin Prakash Rai, manager of the hostel.\"In Maoist and tribal belts of Sonbhadra, Balrampur, Mirzapur, Robertsganj, Nagaland, Assam and Nepal where there are no government schools and colleges, girls and families are identified and encouraged for education. Afterwards, on the consent of their parents, they are brought to the hostel where they can acquire free of cost good education and a better environment to develop and unfold different aspects of their career,\" says Rai.\"There were only jungles and no proper hospital, school, roads from where I hailed. After completing my studies, I will go and improve the condition of my place,\" says Pauhinsana who comes from a village in Nagaland and has spent over five years at the ashram.\"I want to study medicines. The place is enabling me to get in touch will the world and its development. It was not possible in my village,\" says Deepa, a student of Class XI and a native of Sonbhadra.According to Kalavati, caretaker of the girls, the ashram strictly follows a set routine which is followed by every girl and it is run totally on the money that comes from donations and charity.According to her, these girls get their basic education in nearby primary schools and afterwards are enrolled at the Government Girls Inter College that provides free of cost education to them.However, all the necessary items like stationary, books, notebooks, study materials for competitive exams, magazines, including coaching and computer classes, are arranged by the charity that comes from individuals, organisations and clubs of the city.\"The ashram accommodates girls till their schooling. Once girls complete their schooling from here, they are encouraged for higher studies and are enrolled in college for tribal girls in Madhya Pradesh.It is worth mentioning here that the girls of the ashram are equally good in sports , music, tailoring and craft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11418961", "title": "Man\u2019s bid to slit throat over tiff with wife", "text": "BHOPAL: A man attempted to slit his throat after an argument with his wife in the Govindpura area.Police suspect that he was in an inebriated condition at the time of incident. An offence has been registered against him on charges of trying to commit suicide.Madan Lal, around 55 years of age, is a resident of Panchsheel Nagar. The incident took place in Anna Nagar where his wife had gone to meet their children on Saturday. The accused also went there and had some argument with his wife over a trivial issue. The police said the man took out a knife and attempted to slit his own throat during the altercation.Subsequently, he was rushed to the hospital. Some of his family members also informed the police. He is undergoing treatment at the hospital and he is reported to be out of danger, said police.A case under section 309 of the IPC (attempt to commit suicide) has been registered against him. The police said he was a regular drunkard and was not on good terms with his wife and other family members due to this. Over this, the couple quarreled often. Madan Lal had threatened to commit suicide in the past also, said police quoting family members. However, it was yet to be ascertained if he attempted to end his life for the first time or had tried earlier also.Madan Lal would be taken into custody once his condition normalised said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422101", "title": "Farhan Akhtar might win nominations for Bhaag Milkha Bhaag?", "text": "On his birthday, his stars predict another successful year for Farhan Akhtar .The saying 'Jack of all trades, master of none' doesn't apply to this talented man. He's a successful filmmaker, producer, script writer, actor, playback singer, lyricist and also a television host. On his birthday today, astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi predicts what's in store for Farhan Akhtar.\"Farhan was born on 9th January 1974 which makes him a Number 9 (Mars) person in numerology. He is a Capricorn (ruler Saturn - Number 8) going by his sun sign and his destiny number adds up to Number 4 (Rahu)\", explains Bhavikk.\"After a memorable 2011, Farhan will now be entering his 39th year which once again indicates good news for him as his successful run would continue this year as well. Ideally, the year 2012 which adds up to Number 5 (Mercury) has a direct clash with Number 9 (Mars) people, but like I said above, that Farhan is an 'exception' and in his case he would once again have a fulfilling year as Number 3 (Jupiter) is one of his strongest numbers\", predicts Bhavikk.\"His next project as an actor 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag' (where he plays the real life role of Milkha Singh) may not turn out to be a huge commercial hit at the box office, but Farhan's work will be highly appreciated as his earnestness in playing the character would be seen and noticed on screen by one and all. As a matter of fact, his performance in the film would even be nominated in all the major awards in the following year\", adds Bhavikk.\"Wearing a Hessonite on his middle finger will help him clearly decide about his next venture as he would be undergoing through some confusion about what to make next as a director\", advices Bhavikk on a signing note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11418881", "title": "Amar targets MSY, Maya", "text": "KANPUR: Rashtriya Lok Manch president Amar Singh said on Sunday that former spokesperson of Samajwadi Party Mohan Singh will also face similar treatment which he (Amar Singh) got at the hands of Mulayam Singh Yadav.Addressing an election gathering in Ramaipur, Amar Singh, who was accompanied by Jaya Prada, lambasted the Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party for neglecting Kanpur. He termed Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati as opportunists and added that they have pushed back the state in terms of development. Singh was addressing an election meeting in support of Rashtriya Lok Manch candidate from Bithoor Vidhan Sabha Assembly seat.Targeting Mayawati, he said the SP and the BSP were the two sides of the same coin. \"The SP, the BSP and the BJP are competing with each other to welcome tainted leaders and ridiculing democracy,\" Singh said. Quoting the example of former energy minister Naresh Agarwal, Singh said that leaders of Samajwadi Party and BJP stand at the doorstep of Mayawati for seeking her blessings. He said that Naresh Agarwal was first in Samajwadi Party and later shifted to BSP and now on the verge of the elections, he (Agarwal) has again shifted back to SP. Singh also criticized Akhilesh Yadav. He said that Akhilesh's decision of not including DP Yadav in SP is a political stunt. He termed DP Yadav to be a political child of Mulayam Yadav. Jaya Prada, Rajya Sabha MP, also ridiculed Mayawati and said that crores of rupees spent by the CM on erecting statues in Lucknow could have given employment to poor if spent properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11420847", "title": "Manufacturing excellence", "text": "Charles Fine, 'Chrysler Leaders for Global Operations' professor, operations management and engineering systems, MIT Sloan School of Management, speaks to Diptiman Dewan on a new programme on manufacturing management being developed in India in collaboration with the Indian School of Business (ISB).Charles Fine, professor, operations management and engineering systems at MIT Sloan School of Management , and co-director , International Motor Vehicle Programme, MIT, is working on the development of a manufacturing management programme based on the lines of the Leaders for Global Operations (LGO) programme at MIT. The Munjal family, promoters of the Hero group, has tied up with MIT Sloan School of Management to develop the Munjal Global Manufacturing Institute (MGMI), which will be one of the four new institutes to be set up at the Mohali campus of the Indian School of Business (ISB), offering the manufacturing management programme from April.Curriculum designThe curriculum design for the manufacturing major in the management programme will be based on the Leaders for Global Operations (LGO) programme at MIT. \"The focus will not only be on what goes on inside the four walls of the factory but on managing all the aspects of the manufacturing business, from sourcing, supply chain management, product development , marketing and sales\" , says Fine, who is in-charge of developing the new curriculum.Core focusThe focus, says Fine, will be on both, the small and medium enterprises (SME) as well as the large corporations in India. \"We are trying to listen to the 'voice of the customer' and understand the needs of the sector across large manufacturing hubs in India. One of the courses we are developing is called 'operations for entrepreneurs ,' which is for companies that are largely family owned, entrepreneurial in style, and which, after they grow to a certain size and need to expand beyond the family management, struggle to understand and develop the next level of manufacturing leadership. This is one of the focus areas of the curriculum too,\" he explains .There will also be courses in supply chain management, global manufacturing management, lean production, operations strategy and project management, and product and process innovations. Fine says that they are also undertaking writing a series of case studies about the challenges that Indian companies face that will be used in the curriculum. \"Besides these initiatives, we are also engaging with local companies, both large and small, for the development of six month part-time internship projects for students for hands-on learning,\" says Fine.The course can be taken as either a first or a second major in the management programme . Students who have a technical degree at the graduate level and/or have work experience in the manufacturing sector are the primary target audience. However, students who do not have an experience in the manufacturing industry but have the background and interest levels , will have the opportunity to work on a hands-on , company-focused project where they can gain relevant experience required for the programme.The new programme aims to support the entire manufacturing infrastructure in manufacturing companies and will provide education, research and support that the manufacturing industry requires, which is also philosophy for the LGO programme at MIT, concludes Fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11419045", "title": "Police brace for tough task ahead", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Elaborate security arrangements have been made for the month long Magh Mela that begins on Monday. Lakhs of pilgrims, including foreigners, come to the Mela every year. The police have also sought the cooperation of army and civil defence volunteers in managing the massive congregation.The entire Magh Mela campus has been turned into a fortress. About 25 close circuit television cameras and 12 watch towers have been set at all strategic points to keep a strict vigil on the crowd. Mela security in charge and DSP (Kydganj) Asit Srivastava told TOI: \"Apart from the CCTVs, quick reaction teams (QRTs) have also been deployed on the mela campus. Army's officials are also assisting the police forces.\"He added that around 3,500 policemen, including personnel of PAC and home guards, have been deployed in and around the Mela campus. Volunteers from selfhelp groups are also part of the security apparatus. Besides, the department has also set up 12 temporary police stations and 32 police outposts to control the flow of pilgrims. Police force from the neighbouring districts will be roped in to manage the crowds on the main bathing days. More than 10 lakh pilgirms are expected to take bath on the occasion of Paush Poornima on Monday.The volunteers have also been trained in offering first-aid to pilgrims in case of emergency. Besides, they would also be given tips to deal the situation which often come before authorities when mob try to enter the security cordon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11418914", "title": "23 hurt in stadium gallery crash", "text": "INDORE: Minister of State for Health Mahendra Hardia, the Director General of Police SK Raut and other senior officials escaped unhurt as a temporary gallery set up at the Jawaharlal Nehru stadium collapsed on Sunday.The minister and other officials were witnessing the finals of the Prakash Sonkar Memorial Gold Cup football tournament. The commotion after the gallery collapse led to suspension of the match between JCT Phagwara and Hyderabad Blues for 10 minutes. The match was resumed later.Police said the temporary gallery collapsed under the weight of the crowd. The injured, majority of them are elderly and kids, were rushed to Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11424421", "title": "Online banking: Money-stealing malware on prowl!", "text": "LONDON: Doing online banking frequently? Beware, as cyber-criminals have launched a new malware that not just steals your money from your bank, but also offers false reassurance that it's still there, experts have warned.The attack, a new version of trojan horse SpyEye software that targets computers using Windows, has been detected in the US and the UK .According to Trusteer, a security company which detected the attack, the software, which steals your bank passwords to give access to your account, waits for you to enter the same banking details before \"adjusting\" what you see.The idea is to gives criminals more time to use debit card details on fraudulent transactions without the person realising it's happening, the Daily Mail reported.The malware is designed in a way that when one visits his or her online bank, there will be no trace of the transactions that cyber-criminals are using to empty the bank account.Worse, the balance will also be adjusted on screen so it looks as if nothing is happening, Trusteer claimed.\"The next time the victim visits their online banking site, the malware hides the fraudulent transactions, as well as artificially changing the total balance,\" it said.\"As a result, the deceived customer has no idea that their account has been 'taken over', nor that any fraudulent transactions have taken place.\"\"SpyEye is a tweak of the Zeus crimeware kit that grabs web form data within browsers,\" says the Naked Security blog at web security experts Sophos.\"The new Trojan, instead of intercepting or diverting email messages, hides bogus transactions even after users have logged out and then logged back into their accounts.With hi-tech cyber attacks such as SpyEye, there are few visible signs that anything is wrong. There are defences, though -- ensure your browser is up to date, manually updating it if necessary, experts said.Thus, it is important that users should ensure that the \"anti-phishing option is switched on\" in their web browser that which will check for \"blacklisted\" websites and prevent the browser from being directed to the \"fake\" version that delivers your bank statement, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419751", "title": "Pejavar seer backs ban-ritual demand", "text": "BANGALORE: Changing his earlier views, Pejavar mutt pontiff Vishwesha Theertha Swamy has lent his support to the demand seeking a ban on Made Made Snana.He announced his support while participating at an interaction on Made Snana organized by the Nidumamidi Mahasamsthana Mutt and Manavadharma Peeta in Bangalore on Sunday. However, his changed views came after heated discussions with mutt leaders and thinkers. Initially, the Pejavar seer didn't clearly express his support for a ban. He said: \"I'm not defending Made Snana.It is an age-old practice. Vadirajathirtha has mentioned about this 500 years ago. The belief was that with the blessings of Lord Subrahmanya, diseases like leprosy get cured. I have no objection if it's banned. The Hindu religion does not depend on Made Snana for its growth. And Made Snana is not the only way to cure diseases.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418746", "title": "Respiratory ailments rise, inhaler use as well", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 500 residents in city are using inhalers and nebulizers everyday with respiratory infections soaring high. Going by the sales figure of the chemists based in large hospitals, 500 odd patients who have been prescribed these breathing pumps daily are either asthmatic or have respiratory infections.Linking this to respiratory syncytial virus that proliferates during cold, doctors are seeing a sudden rise in such cases.Ashwani Gupta, a chemist in Government Multi-specialty Hospital in Sector 16, has been selling inhalers and nebulizers like hot pancakes. \"Everyday we face a demand of 100 nebulizers and inhalers for asthmatic patients. We do not run out of stock as we have wholesalers who immediately deliver these pumps within no time.\"A similar beeline of patients is seen in the chemist shops at Government Medical College and Hospital in Sector 32 and PGI. \"Not only inhalers, the entire component of nebulizer like the mask and medicines make 10% of the total demand of patients who come daily. On an average there are 300 patients who come to our shop asking for these,\" said Kamlesh, a chemist shop owner.Respiratory syncytial virus has enveloped most infants this season. Paediatrician Dr R S Bedi said, \"The rush of patients is growing rapidly as this virus breeds in cold. Parents are apprehensive of using inhalers, but non utilization of these can turn the case acute. Paediatrician Dr R S Bedi added, \"Around 30-40 patients are recommended nebulizers, everyday. Some are steroid others are non steroid.\"Similarly 70-80 asthmatic patients throng PGI everyday during this season, according to sources. \"Those who are allergic should double their dosage of inhalers. Due to cold there is congestion of the airway passages which may result in respiratory ailments,\" said Dr S K Jindal, head of pulmonary medicine, PGI.Vijay Singla, a wholesale dealer based in Sector 19, said, \"During this season anti-allergy and inhalers are high in demand.\"Breathing easyThe medicine from nebulizers goes directly to the lungsNebulization liquefies the sputum and makes the airway passage free from obstructionIt is scientifically proved that steam inhalation is just a feel good factor as the medicine through steam cannot enter the lungsNot all nebulizers are steroid based. Depending on the condition of the patient, a physician prescribes steroid/non steroid nebulizerRecommending a nebulizer does not necessarily imply that you suffer from asthma, it can be simple chest congestion or can be used as a preventive medicine", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11418822", "title": "Flower show prize distribution held", "text": "COIMBATORE: Various competitions were conducted at the 5th Covai Flower show at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU).Pushma Varadarajan won the first prize for the best home garden and a special prize was won by M Salat Mary Robert for a roof garden. Another special prize was won by Pankaj K Mehta in the farm house category.The prize for the best college garden was won by the Sri Krishna Arts and Science College. The best school garden was won by Chavara Vidya Bhavan Matriculation Higher secondary school. The prize for the best garden at government organization was awarded to the Coimbatore City Police Commissioner office. The runner up was the office of the Inspector General of police, West Zone, Coimbatore. The prize for the best flower Rangoli in the school sector was bagged by Maheswaran and team of the CSI Higher Secondary School. The Flower Rangoli competition in the College sector was won by A Anish and his team of the Sri Ramakrishna Vidyalaya. S Neelaveni, a superintendent at the office of the TNAU won a prize for the Rangoli in the general sector.Vegetable carving was another type of competition conducted at the school and college levels. M Navaneethakrishnan of the TNAU SSL Tution Center won the first prize at the school level.M Sakthivel of Sri Ramakrishna Vidyalaya won the first prize at the college level competition. Various drawing competitions were conducted for students at the various school and college levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11418760", "title": "Court denies bail to Kujang cracker blast accused", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A court in Jagatsinghpur district on Sunday turned down the bail plea of Subash Rout, the main accused in the recent Kujang cracker blast case that had killed four persons. The development followed the Jagatsinghpur police bringing Rout to Odisha on Saturday night after he was arrested in Puducherry on Thursday.\"Rout was first produced in a court in Puducherry. He was on Sunday produced in the court of Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC) in Kujang. The court rejected his bail petition and sent him to judicial custody,\" said Santanu Das, the sub- divisional police officer (SDPO) of Paradip.Police had earlier filed a case against Rout and others under section- 9 of Explosive Act and 147, 148, 337 and 338 of IPC. Rout was carrying crackers in a truck when the mishap occurred, police said. After this incident, Rout managed to flee from his village. After getting tip off, a police team rushed to Puducherry and arrested him on Thursday.Sources said the Jagatsinghpur SP, Debadutta Singh, and other senior police officers interrogated Rout for three hours after his arrival on Saturday night. Rout is a cracker maker of Balia village near Kujang.Four Dalit drummers had succumbed to burn injuries and at least six persons were injured on November 16 after crackers exploded in a procession of Biju Patnaik Workers' Union organized by BJD MLA of Cuttack- Barabati, Debasish Samantray, Jagatsinghpur MLA Bishnu Das and others. BJD leaders and their supporters were going in a procession to attend a meeting of the trade union in Paradip while the crackers exploded in truck.The incident had snowballed into a major political controversy with former minister and Paradip MLA Damodar Rout locking horns with Debashish Samantray and Bishnu Das over the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418958", "title": "Illegal sand mining racket busted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat commercial tax officials cracked down on seven traders involved in illegal sand mining in the state. Tax sleuths along with officials of mines and minerals department carried out searches on offices of the miners near Surat.During the operation which went on till late Saturday evening, tax sleuths seized eight trucks in which the traders were sending illegally mined sand in cement bags to Mumbai. Officials said that five per cent Vat is levied on sales of sand.\"These traders illegally mined sand from the bank of Tapi and then sold them outside the state. Primary investigations have revealed that all the worth of trade is never taken into account and thus, we suspect a large-scale tax evasion. However, in the account books we have found that even for the regular business they had under quoted the turnover,\" said a senior commercial tax department. Officials said that illegal sand quarrying in the villages in and around Tapi in Surat has become rampant.\"We suspect a large-scale tax evasion as all the traders covered in the operation is believed to be extracting hundreds of truck loads of sand illegally every month. The mining department has currently seized their account books and other papers, on the basis of which the tax evasion will be assessed,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417462", "title": "Naidu asks party to gear up for bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Calling upon all district party chiefs to gear up for the proposed byelections in the state, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) president N Chandrababu Naidu Sunday asked that the membership drive be kick-started from January 19.Interacting with district presidents for more than three hours at his residence, Naidu told them to complete the enrolment of new members before Mahanadu so that the party can start focusing on local body elections which are just round the corner.He asked the TDP leaders to strengthen the party at the grassroots level and simultaneously fight on public issues.\"Our aim is to strengthen the party by associating ourselves with public issues on a day-to-day basis. We must reach out to more youth and support the causes espoused by them,\" he said.Exuding confidence over the party's prospects, he reiterated his stand that TRS and YSR Congress were TDP's main opponents as people had lost faith in the ruling Congress.He said TDP could win all 24 seats in the proposed byelections were its cadre to take a proactive stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11420746", "title": "Nursery admission is no child's play", "text": "Though it was not expected to be a fight for forms this year, the reality seems different with harrowed parents trying their best to catch up with the deadlines of the closing of the sale of forms at different schools - some closing as early as 11.30 am.Online offlineShweta Malik, a banker and mother of a three-year old, says, \"I have been saving my leaves for a month so that I could spare a week's leave for my daughter's admission . I didn't imagine that downloading forms online will be such a problem with most school websites being either very slow or hanging midway. As a result, I had to get forms manually, which took a lot of running around with some of the schools shutting windows even before the half-day mark.\"Trouble timingsAnother parent, who stood in queue outside St Michael's School, Pusa Road, had to go back without a form. The sale of registration forms in the school remains open from 10-11 am, leaving many parents stranded. While in schools like Salwan Public School, Ramjas School, Springdales School, Bal Bharati Public School, besides others, the sale of forms is on between 8.30 am and 11 am, most parents believe the duration should be longer in view of the rush.Flip sideHowever, a teacher from St Michael's School, Pusa Road, on condition of anonymity, says, \"We are receiving thousands of applications online on a daily basis for the 50 vacant seats in our school. Since there are options to download forms or register online, we have kept only an hour for manual sales of forms.\"Besides, there are parents who claim that they cannot get benefit of most points including alumni, sibling , girl-child or the single parent criteria laid out by the Ashok Ganguly committee.LV Sehgal, principal, Bal Bharati Public School, says, \"With sales of forms having started on January 2 and continuing till January 16, parents have enough time to collect and submit the forms back to us. Parents must keep their choices clear and should wait for the second and third lists to appear.\"The points systemThe Ashok Ganguly Committee came out with a basic point system to bring about transparency and uniformity in the admission system across schools: 20 POINTS - to children residing in the neighbourhood (distance less than 3 km radius). As the distance increases, the points decrease and become nil for distance exceeding 10 km 5 POINTS - assigned to female children 5 POINTS - for disabled children 5 POINTS - for siblings studying in the same school 5 POINTS - for parents' qualification 5 POINTS - for children of the alumni, more weighting to children of single parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418248", "title": "Battle bots slug it out at Techfest", "text": "MUMBAI: On the last day of IIT's Techfest, robots battled it out in the grand finales of various contests: Robowars, mini F1 and a maze-solving game.The fiercest looking automatons were undoubtedly the battle bots of Robowars. The arena saw metal clash with metal as robots of different shapes and sizes, equipped with choppers, blades, hammers and flippers, clashed. The contest's winners, a team from Government Engineering College, Aurangabad, designed their robot for two years. \"We won because of our sleek design. The flipper helped us fling the opponent, turning it upside down,\" said Hemant Chambhare, who named the robot One-Shot Killer. \"We spent about Rs 70,000 to build it.\"Jayvis Gonsalves won 'the most innovative robot' prize for his Bluetooth-controlled creation. \"My robot, Blitzkrieg, is wireless. I didn't have to worry about any wires getting entangled,\" Gonsalves, a student of Dikshit Junior College, Vile Parle, said.While the robots were locked in battle, nearby, remote-controlled mini cars were racing on an off-road dirt track full of obstacles. Two participants from Chennai, Sharadh Uday and Riten Satra, built their car in just four days. \"It is powered by an internal combustion engine and made of aluminium,\" said Uday.One of the attractions at Techfest, that drew large numbers of Mumbaikars, and not just students, was a couple of vehicles designed by students of Adelaide University. Called Micycle and Diwheel, their makers called them environment-friendly modes of transport. While Micycle is a stylish self-balancing electric unicycle (a cycle with one wheel), Diwheel, as the name suggests, has two giant wheels, with the rider's seat in between.It has a joystick for navigating and uses regenerative braking to recoup some of the energy lost during the process of stopping.In another hall, Hakon Wium Lie, the chief technical officer of Opera (the browser) and inventor of the language CSS, used to design websites, spoke to a packed audience about his days at CERN, the laboratory that is at present engaged in the search of the Higgs boson , and how the web was created there. Emphasizing the importance of open, or free, data, he said: \"In the early days, we Norwegians would have to pay the government to get access to the laws of the country. So one day, we uploaded all the laws on the CERN server, making it freely available to all.\"In the convocation hall, autonomous robots were trying to figure out a complex maze. This made the International Robotics Challenge perhaps the most complex contest of them all. Participants watched as the robots found their way in the maze, transporting blocks. The winners were a group of engineering students from Sri Lanka . \"We love robotics and were kicked about the contest as soon as we got the invite,\" said Nipuna Illangarathne of the group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11418999", "title": "All election aspects to be discussed in University\u2019s AC meet tomorrow", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The authorities of Allahabad University would hold a meeting of the academic council (AC) on January 10. The members of the AC would discuss the formalities pertaining to elections for students union. The resolutions passed in the meeting would be tabled in a meeting of executive council (EC) before university goes ahead with the elections.According to sources, the AC meeting would discuss all the aspects related to elections. However, the discussions would be in accordance with the provision of the ordinance LXVII of university, mentioning formation of general association on the campus (under clause (k) of Section 29 and clause (2) of Statute 31). The ordinance mentions that a general association would be for academic programmes of a duration of not less than one academic year. The general association shall serve as a forum for providing opportunities to students for gaining experience of culture of democracy and constructive engagement with social concerns.It shall have the objects of inculcating the sense of patriotism, social awareness, commitment to values, broad-mindedness and fellow-feeling, the spirit of discipline and the ideals of good citizenship as enshrined in the fundamental duties as laid down in Part IV-A of the Indian Constitution.The general association (GA) would organise debates, symposiums and lectures on topics and themes of relevance to the academic and social objectives of the institution and to promote academic, literary and cultural activities. The AC would be discussing the issue of the permissible age limit of the candidates, who would be contesting the elections and the schedule of the dates spanning from nomination to polls and the announcement of the final result.There would be just one AC meeting, which would be discussing and finalising the formalities for the students elections.\"Since ordinance LXVII bears a note from the government of India regarding the condition on AU which reads \"... Ordinance LXVIII is approved subject to the condition that the regulations to be made by the academic council shall be strictly in consonance with the recommendations of the committee constituted by the ministry under Shri JM Lyngdoh, former chief election commissioner, to examine and recommend certain aspects of student bodies and students union elections conducted in universities, colleges and other institutions of higher education in the country, as accepted for implementation by the Hon'ble Supreme Court vide its order dated 22.9.2006.\"The AC would be deciding the age limit of the candidates, which probably could be 22 for graduate, 24/25 for postgraduate and 28/30 for the research scholars. There would be discussion on what would be the cutoff date for determining the age of a candidate, should it be the date of nomination or the date of his getting admitted in the given class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11418845", "title": "Drunken cop held for abusing public", "text": "COIMBATORE: The police have arrested a special sub-inspector (SSI) of police, who was in an inebriated state and using abusive language against the public at Avarampalayam on Saturday.The heavily drunk policeman fell down on the road and public alerted the police control room. Immediately, he was arrested by Race Course Police.Police said Kalaiselvan, 35, working as SSI (law and order) with Selvapuram police station was staying at Avarampalayam. He was on duty on Saturday early morning on the Coimbatore - Perur Main Road check post and finished his duty around 8 am.Then he came to Avarampalayam by motorcycle and went to his house. Around 10am, he went to a liquor shop and consumed alcohol. When he was returning to his house, he used abusive against public and finally fell down on the road.He was taken into Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) by the Race Course police and blood test was conducted. After getting the certificate from the CMCH doctors, he was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418155", "title": "Ancient pillar with Buddha image found in Nalasopara", "text": "MUMBAI: An ancient pillar carved with an image of Gautam Buddha was discovered near a Buddhist stupa in Nalasopara (W) on Friday. The stupa comes under the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI).\"The pillar was discovered when workers were digging the ground to lay a garden,\" said founder of Buddha Vihar and Buddhist monk Bikhoni Sangamitra. \"The pillar is a proof of Gautam Buddha's visit to Sopara village.\"Following the discovery of the pillar, the digging work was discontinued. The pillar will now be inspected by ASI officials and historians before being moved to safety. The state government, along with the Vasai-Virar Municipal Corporation (VVMC), is working on converting the stupa into an international tourist spot. The stupa complex will house meditation centres, a museum and a mini theatre where films on the Buddhist stupa will be shown.Ashokan inscriptions have been recovered from Sopara on earlier occasions. During an earlier excavation, ruins of a Buddhist stupa and a large stone coffer containing eight bronze images of Buddha dating back to the 8th-9th century AD were found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418110", "title": "Time for change: Odd toll amount adds to snarls", "text": "MUMBAI: Round-off toll amount to multiples of 10 to avoid longer queues and jams at toll nakas in and around Mumbai, demand officials working at toll posts as well as citizens.Thane resident Vinod Chimthanwala, who travels to his factory near Dahanu daily, is always worried about long queues at toll posts on Ghodbunder Road and Ahmedabad highway due to the tendering of change. Chembur resident Akshay Sharma, who has to make frequent trips to Nashik and Pune, has the same concern.Odd toll rates for vehicles result in a very slow movement of traffic on arterial roads around Mumbai. According to officials with toll collecting agencies, lack of change, either with the driver or the toll collectors, results in increased waiting time. Checking if currency notes are not fake adds to the waiting hours.To add to the problem, there's no uniformity in toll amounts. For instance, a toll of Rs 15 is levied on cars on Ghodbunder Road while passengers have to shell out Rs 47 and Rs 51 (for cars) at the next two toll posts on the same road towards Dahanu. The Pune expressway and Nashik highway charge a toll of Rs 165 and Rs 29 per car respectively. \"These odd amounts make the situation worse. All toll amounts should be in the multiples of 10,\" suggested a toll collector.\"There is an acute shortage of coins of Rs 5, Rs 2, Rs 1 and sometimes even Rs 10. We have already requested various temples like Siddhivinayak, Shirdi, Tirupati, Tuljapur, Pandharpur and Shani Shingnapur to provide change at bare minimum charges, but are unable to get enough,\" a top toll agency source said. \"Now we have to buy from the coin market at 10% extra charge,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418655", "title": "PU fails to update attendance online", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Announced two years ago, Panjab University's claim of updating students' attendance online continues to hang in fire till date. Claims of sending SMSs to parents about the updated attendance of their wards studying in PU have fallen flat in face of technical glitches.The software experts on the campus cite that despite being given a green signal by PU officials, very few teachers have been actually updating the attendance online. The teachers, however, complain of several other administrative problem.\"PU Teachers Union (PUTA) had approved the system of updating attendance online but there are several loopholes that PU is yet to address. Without enough computers in the departments and proper internet services, the new system can't be put into effect,\" said Akshay Kumar , PUTA president.Kumar added, there are several teachers who are experts at their subjects but aren't tech-savvy. \"The varsity never cared to probe what difficulties teachers faced,\" he added.Each teacher at PU campus was required to upload the attendance record on PU's portal on a weekly basis. Computer department officials, however, point out several follies. \"There are several teachers who do not even have an e-mail address, leave aside logging into their accounts on PU portal and updating attendance,\" said an official from PU's computer centre.While most arts and science departments are yet to implement the system properly, certain departments, including University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) are already following the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11418671", "title": "Kind of smooth", "text": "With 13 wards, the Hanuman Nagar Zone which comprises of many old localities and slums faced a major water shortage problem due to the old water pipeline distribution network. However, with the new water pipeline network spread under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) all over the 13 wards and after the inauguration of the 240 MLD (million litres per day) capacity water treatment plant (WTP) at Kanhan, the water woes of scarcity hit south Nagpur (Hanuman Nagar Zone) localities evaporated. With this, the long-pending requirement of regular and adequate water supply throughout the year, especially in the south Nagpur has been met.Zone chairman Kailash Chute informed that Hanuman Nagar Zone's six BJP and five Congress corporators unitedly raised the water shortage issue for five years. Finally, their efforts bore fruit as all the wards have started getting adequate water supply.The door-to-door garbage collection is good and so are roads and streets. The NMC's sanitary department and the bin-free project contractor collect garbage from all wards daily. The zone has gardens at Reshimbagh, Chandan Nagar and near Babhulkheda. All these gardens are well maintained.The Reshimbagh garden is being renovated and will soon become a good place for residents and visitors to hang out. Two playgrounds - Trikoni Park at Hanuman Nagar and near NMC's Durga Nagar School - have been outsourced to a basketball club and Subhedar Sporting Club.\"In the last five years, various development works worth crores of rupees were undertaken in the entire zone. Roads in places like Reshimbagh, Hanuman Nagar are one of the best in the city. They just needed minor repairs,\" said Chute.Work on the long-pending state-of-the-art auditorium named after city's well known poet Kavivarya Suresh Bhat Auditorium and Art academy has begun near Great Nag Road in Reshimbagh. The structure will accommodate 2000 persons and provide entertainment to music and theatre buffs of South Nagpur. High mast lights and street lights have been installed at busy places like Medical Square, Reshimbagh, Untkhana and Chandan Nagar.\"Many NMC schools like Durga Nagar High School, Ambedkar Vidyalaya and Hanuman Nagar School are producing good results. We have improved the standard of education in these schools,\" added Chute.Hospitals, health and education facilities provided by the civic body are satisfactory. However, markets and parking facilities in the zone are insufficient. Sakkardara and Somwari Peth markets need to be developed. Despite many commercial areas, the zone has miserably failed to develop or provide designated parking places.CORPORATORSSiraspeth - Sujata Kombade (Cong)Hanuman Nagar - Kalpana Pande (BJP)Reshimbagh - Kailash Chute (BJP)Raghuji Nagar - Satish Hole (Cong)Bajrang Nagar - Sandeep Gavai (BJP)Chandramani Nagar - Kishor Gajbhiye (BRP)Kailash Nagar - Sandhya Makode (BJP)Jawahar Nagar - Ashok Katele (NCP)New Subhedar - Deepak Choudhari (Ind)Ayodhya Nagar - Satish Deulkar (Cong)Manewada - Vitthal Bhede (BJP)Janki Nagar - Sudhakar Kohle (BJP)--------------------------------------------------------REPORT CARDRoads SATISFACTORYStreetlights SATISFACTORYSchools GOODHospitals SATISFACTORYGardens GOODPlaygrounds GOODWater Supply GOODGarbage SATISFACTORY(Residents rated amenities as either good, bad or satisfactory)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11417996", "title": "MTC floats afresh tenders calling for a monorail consultant", "text": "CHENNAI: The Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC), the nodal agency for monorail, has floated fresh tenders to select a consultant for the project.Late last year, MTC chose Fortress Financial Services, a Mumbai-based company, as a consultant to help the corporation select the right developer for the project but has now scrapped the deal and is searching for a new one. The consultant will evaluate bids by developers on various technical parameters.Similarly, MTC has refloated tenders to choose a developer for the monorail project. A tender scouting for a developer was floated on August 15. But it was scrapped on December 1 as MTC felt there were too few bidders and hence lacked competition. The three bidders shortlisted were L&amp;T-Hitachi;, Alkem from Malaysia and a UK engineering firm.The bidding consultants should have completed at least one project that is worth Rs 350 crore and a net worth of over Rs 25 crore. The company should also have experience in providing technical advisory in design, construction, operation and maintaining at least one elevated mass rapid system that can carry at least 10,000 passengers per hour in one direction.The company should also have experts in various fields such as telecommunication, environment civil cost and design. The last date for submission of tenders is January 18, 2012. The successful bidder will have to choose the developer within six months of being confirmed.In the first phase, the project will cover 111 km. The corridors identified are Vandalur-Puzhal via Avadi (54km), Vandalur-Velachery via Tambaram East (23km), Poonamallee-Vadapalani via Valasarawakkam (16km), and Poonamallee-Kathipara via Porur (18km).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417372", "title": "Job panel told to get software for the blind", "text": "NEW DELHI: Savita, 21, was confident of her preparation for the skill test. She says that before she sat in front of the computer she knew she would be successful in cracking the test for the Lower Division Clerk (LDC).However, things went horribly wrong when she laid her fingers on the keyboard. \"I am accustomed to the keyboard that has a larger font. But the keyboard provided during the test had small font and had more keys and was complicated,\" she said.\"It took me a lot of time to get use to it and start of with the test. I lost out on a lot of time and by the end of it I knew I would not crack it,\" said Savita.However, Savita is hopeful that thousands of candidates appearing for the test in future for the posts of stenographers and LDCs might not face the difficulty that she faced after the Chief Commissioner for persons with disabilities, which comes under ministry of social justice and empowerment, passed an order recently asking the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) to ensure the availability of appropriate screen reading softwares on computers and accessible keyboards on which the blind would take skill test.The order states that: \"candidates with visual impairment be allowed the choice of the keyboard layout that is compatible with Mangla font.\"It also says that appropriate and 'compatible screen reading software, such as JAWS, SAFA, for the purpose of skill test be provided,' or the candidates be allowed to use their laptops and computers for the test. The copy of the order which is with the TOI says that the no one appeared to represent the SSC at the hearing. The order comes a year after All India Confederation of the Blind brought the problems faced by candidates to light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11418745", "title": "Fall in road accident, fatal death cases", "text": "VADODARA: The traffic police may have been focusing on spreading awareness about safe driving among commuters in the city over last couple of years.But, it still believes that enforcement of rules yields better results when it comes to disciplined driving and reducing road accidents. The city witnessed 1308 road accidents - one of the lowest road accidents in last five years in 2011. When compared to 2010, the number of fatal accidents and lives lost too had dipped in 2011.Considering the regular safe driving awareness drives carried out by the police department, it could have credited the fall in road accidents to traffic education. However, city police commissioner Satish Sharma said that enforcement still plays an important role in ensuring disciplined driving.\"We have been carrying out awareness programmes regularly and it has had some effect. But it takes time for educational events to bring changes in driving attitude. Enforcement is still more effective,\" Sharma told TOI.\"Our policies of zero tolerance on some busy roads paid off last year. We had posted a group of traffic policemen on roads like R C Dutt Road, O P Road, Race Course Circle and Makarpura Road to ensure that people wear helmets and follow traffic rules,\" Sharma added.In 2010, 180 fatal accidents were reported in which 184 people died while in 2011 153 fatal accidents were reported in which 168 people died.The cops had received several complaints regarding encroachments by roadside stalls in busy areas like Karelibaug and Tarsali. The stalls were removed to ensure smooth flow of traffic. During the recently concluded Traffic Safety Week, the cops not only reached out to citizens for spreading education about safe driving.The department also released a book that taught basics of driving to school children and distributed it to schools last year.Meanwhile, police commissioner Satish Sharma recently issued orders asking ACP rank officers to visit the spot of accidents where deaths are reported. The senior police officers will assess the reasons behind the accidents and if they find any fault in road design or encroachments, they will suggest the VMC ward officers to act promptly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11435411", "title": "Sehwag dividing Team India, says Australian media", "text": "NEW DELHI: Is Team India divided or has the defeat in two Tests in Australia and four in England caused fissures in the team? Or as in the past, Australia is playing mind games and our cricketers should not be bothered at all?An article in Australian newspaper Herald Sun says, \"Virender Sehwag is the man polarizing opinions in the Indian rooms.\" The paper quotes Australian pacer Ryan Harris as saying that the \"Indians were fighting among themselves\" and the team does not have unity.According to the article there is a division in the team on who should captain the Indian team. According to the report, some players are in favour of Sehwag as captain while a section wants Mahendra Singh Dhoni to continue as skipper.The paper also talks about former Indian coach Greg Chappell who had observed in his autobiography Fierce Focus that young members of the team were too afraid of some of their seniors to speak in the team meetings.Meanwhile, Australian vice-captain Brad Haddin has taken aim at struggling India, saying the tourists \"break quicker than anyone in the world\" and turn on each other when things are not going their way.Wicketkeeper Haddin turned up the heat on India, trailing 2-0 ahead of Friday's third Test in Perth, by revealing that Australia had discussed the tourists' mental frailties.\"We spoke about a bit of that when we were batting,\" Haddin was quoted as saying in the Sydney Morning Herald .\"The longer we could keep them out on the field the bigger chance we had of breaking them.\"\"We know this side can be as fragile as any team in the world if things aren't going their way and they can turn on each other and the media turns on them pretty quick.\"\"We knew if we could keep them out there and put the numbers like we did on the board we knew we'd get the rewards because they break quicker than anyone in the world.\"We know that Australians are good at mind games!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418280", "title": "Commuters not informed of train delays", "text": "CHENNAI: Several passengers of the Bangalore-Chennai Mail were stranded on the platform of Bangalore station on Saturday as the train was re-scheduled from 10.45 pm to past midnight. Many waited in the cold, while others postponed trips because the railway staff could not tell them when the train would leave.This is not a rare incident. On several occasions, passengers have been stranded at railway stations, including Chennai Central and Chennai Egmore, because the railways does not have a system to inform passengers individually about re-scheduling and delays.\"We came to know about the delay of the Bangalore-Chennai Mail only after we reached the station. Counter staff were not sure whether the train would depart at the rescheduled time of 1am. This is the second time the train is getting delayed in the last couple of months,\" said T Sadagopan, a passenger.A senior railway official said the train was delayed because another incoming train, whose rake was to be used to run the Bangalore-Chennai train, was delayed by a few hours. Passengers have been demanding that railways should follow the system used by airlines to inform passengers about unexpected delays.\"Railways collects phone numbers and emails of passengers when tickets are reserved. But they do not use the contact details to inform passengers about delays,\" said Sadagopan, who took another train and finally reached Chennai on Sunday evening.T Loganathan, a frequent traveller, said, \"The railways website carries information when rescheduling is done in advance. As there is no system to inform passengers individually about sudden delays, we are inconvenienced.\"Passengers who want to board trains that pass through Chennai Central at midnight or later often get stranded at the station. \"Rapti Sagar Express (Gorakhpur-Trivandrum) that comes to Chennai Central at 11.45pm from Gorakhpur is usually several hours late. Passengers are forced to wait because they cannot cancel and return home because it is late at night,\" said M K Ajith Kumar , who takes the train frequently.Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said: \"We have been getting complaints about the issue. A few suggestions have come urging us to intimate passengers individually. But there are no immediate plans. It is not clear whether the railway ministry is planning to come up with any scheme this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418868", "title": "Email account of Rajnish Rai hacked", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The email account of deputy inspector general of police, Rajnish Rai, has been hacked. The cop had probed the Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter cases when he was posted in the CID (Crime).Rai had arrested IPS officers D G Vanzara, Dinesh M N and Rajkumar Pandian in connection with the Sohrabuddin encounter.Rai filed a complaint under the I-T Act at the Sector 21 police station in Gandhinagar on Friday. In his complaint, the IPS officer stated that he was unable to log into his email account. \"The hacker seems to have changed his password,\" said Gandhinagar police.Rai has, however, not divulged contents of his email account to the cops. \"Rai has not disclosed if any important emails were stored in his account,\" said police sources.The Gandhinagar police has got in touch with the head office of the email service provider in Bangalore. \"The company officials have assured to give us details about the IP address which was used to hack Rai's account. The IP address may help us nab the hacker,\" said Gandhinagar police.After making the sensational arrest of the three IPS officers, Rai was transferred and posted in a police training school at Junagadh. He is now on a three-year study leave to pursue academics at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417586", "title": "New insulators to cut fog outages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rising power cuts in the city due to transmission lines tripping in dense fog have prompted Delhi Transco to go for replacement of old insulators in its 220kV network with silicon polymer insulators, which are more effective and fog-resistant.The same work has already been carried out in the state transmission utility's 400kV network and will soon start on the 220kV transmission lines, which extend up to 1,000km.On Friday, east, south and parts of central Delhi had to bear with long power cuts after multiple trippings were reported on Transco's 220kV lines. Most of these trippings are due to pollutant deposits and moisture in the air due to fog.\"We had cleaned the lines in November but after Friday's incident, a second cleaning of the 220kV network is underway. Normally, fog-induced trippings do not take place on 220kV lines,\" said a Transco official.The 440kV lines have become relatively safe with the replacement of old ceramic insulators. \"It took a long time as there were about 1.75 lakh insulators to be replaced on the 400kV network and there will be more for 220kV lines,\" said an official.On Friday, about eight sub-stations were hit and several 220kV lines tripped, causing trouble for Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11419062", "title": "Freedom fighter urges Sonia Gandhi to remove Hashmi from UP affairs", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A freedom fighter has written a letter to Sonia Gandhi , urging her to remove Parvez Hashmi from the affairs of the party in the state.\"Bahu Sonia se sadar nivedan hai ki aise logon se party ko bachayein aur swachcha chavi waale logon ko pradesh ka prabhari banaya jaye, jisse alpsankhyakon mein ke naya sandesh jaaye aur vidhan sabha ke chunav mein party ko fayda pahunch sakey. (Daughter-in-law Sonia is requested to save the party from such persons and those with clean image should be appointed incharge of UP so that it would send a positive message among minorities and benefit the party in the Assembly elections.\"The fervent appeal made by 95 years old veteran freedom fighter Mewalal Gupta has drawn her attention towards the negative role being played by the senior party functionary in distributing tickets to weak and incompetent persons from some seats in Allahabad and neighbouring Kaushmabi district. This has again brought the controversial city west Assembly constituency in the news.Gupta, an associate of Jawaharlal Nehru , has accused Congress national secretary Parvez Hashmi of playing into the hands of mafia-turned-politician and former Phulpur MP Atiq Ahmad, by fielding a weak and dummy candidate from the seat to ensure his victory. The letter, in possession of TOI, slams Hashmi, who belongs to the city, for working overtime in fielding weak candidates from several Assembly seats.This amounts to weakening the party, without giving a thought to the tireless and relentless campaigning of Amethi MP Rahul Gandhi . Gupta has urged Congress supremo to appoint Union minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , a person with a clean image, which would send a positive message among the minority community and benefit the party. The matter does not end here. Secretary, UPCC (SC/ST cell) Kalyan Chandra Sonkar has also written a letter, in which he has highlighted the fact that Hashmi's ancestral house is situated in city west Assembly constituency and he has a longstanding friendship with Ahmad.Questioning the rationale behind fielding weak and incompetent persons from the seat, Sonkar has challenged Hashmi to contest the Assembly elections from this seat if he is a well-wisher of Congress. Joining the chorus of discontent is district vice-president, Mahila Congress, Annu Begum, who has raised fingers over party's decision to give ticket from Bara assembly constituency to a former zila panchayat member of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) at the instance of Hashmi in return for financial favours.The party has also stirred the hornet's nest by giving ticket to a businessman in neighbouring Kaushambi district, which has led to disenchantment among committed workers, said Begum. However, despite repeated efforts, AICC secretary and incharge UP affairs Parvez Hashmi was not available for comments. UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi also remained unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419631", "title": "BSY to lead agitation in N Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: After his political bosses and the RSS sent out a message loud and clear, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa is set to take a popularity test by leading an agitation in North Karnataka.Ye d dy u - rappa, who made the opposition squirm with his aggressive approach over the past two weeks in his attempt to regain the CM's gaddi, seemed to have softened while making known his plans on Sunday.\"As a disciplined party worker, I have decided to wait for the opportunity to fight for the public's cause. I will embark on a state-wide tour,\" Yeddyurappa told reporters in Shimoga. As a first step, he said he will a lead an agitation in Bidar on January 24 to press for implementation of an amendment to Article 371, enabling Hyderabad-Karnatak to get special status . This is widely seen as an attempt to draw a line over his differences with senior party leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424019", "title": "I don't think a husband completes your life: Vani Ganpathy", "text": "A trained Bharatnatyam dancer, an interior designer and running her own dance institute in Bangalore, Vani Ganpathy feels classical art has changed over the years.With the Y generation now interested in musical concerts, reality shows and bollywood dancing, Vani agrees there is a lot more competition for a classical dancer or musician to hold the audience than say a playback singer or bollywood actor today. \"But, people are still very keen to go watch Ustad Amjad Ali Khan concert or Pt Ravi Shankar . It all depends on how you present yourself.\"For someone who does not plan in life at all, specially after her marriage to actor Kamal Hassan got over, Vani says, \"After I called it a day in my marriage, I had nothing to feed me. Dancing is not a great profession for everyone that they can live their entire life on it. But with God's grace, I was able to be independent.\" Today the beautiful dancer also pursues an interest in interior designing too.Not really a socialite, Vani feels it's important to have friends in life. She loves going for outdoors and also nurses varied interests at her home in Bangalore, some of which are gardening, pottery, dusting, party cooking and cleaning. \"My prayers have always been to have good health. If you are blessed with good health then the rest can be dealt with.\" Ask her if she is looking for a companion in life and she reverts, \"I am living a fulfilled life. I don't know if having a husband will complete that. I am alone but not lonely,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11421788", "title": "First phase elections in UP is rescheduled to March 3", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission has rescheduled the first phase of polling in the upcoming Assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh from February 4 to March 3.The change in schedule was necessitated by an uncertainty over the date of 'Barawafat' festival, the birth anniversary of Prophet Mohammad, which may also fall on February 4.The poll panel has also requested the Governor of Uttar Pradesh not to issue the notification for the first phase scheduled on January 10, 2012.According to the earlier announcement, the Uttar Pradesh elections was scheduled for seven phases between February 4 and 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418018", "title": "IIT-B students set up society to study Mars", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of IIT-Bombay students have embarked on a different type of stellar mission-to \"launch\" Indian students and others to Mars. Towards this end, they have formed The Mars Society, dedicated to the study of the red planet.This comes at a time when the Indian space community has proposed 10 experiments related mainly to the Martian atmosphere during an Indian mission to Mars. This much-awaited expedition is now awaiting the formal 'go' from Isro, the space commission and the Union cabinet.Dhruv Joshi, a final-year chemistry student at IIT-B who initiated the move to set up the society, said that when he was in Switzerland last year, he saw a presentation about the local chapter of The Mars Society. \"I then decided to form a similar society in India as well,\" he told TOI.As a first step, a conference will be held at IIT-B about Mars. \"Whomever I have spoken to about this society at IIT seems extremely excited and thrilled, especially the freshers,\" Joshi added.\"The primary aim of the society is to encourage human exploration and colonization of Mars. We hope to recruit university students from technical and scientific disciplines, making use of their passion and creativity to develop a strong team of pioneers,\" he said.Jhonny Santosh Jha, a key player in IIT-B's Pratham satellite project, explained that the India chapter of the society is now in the process of getting affiliated to the international chapter. \"We just have a few members now, but are expanding,\" he said, adding that the society will be organizing several Mars-related programmes in the days to come.Many scientists at Physical Research Laboratory (PRL) in Ahmedabad, an affiliate of Isro, are of the view that an Indian mission to Mars should be accorded precedence over the second lunar mission as India has already launched a successful mission to the moon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11418585", "title": "Locals object to Seraulim panchayat ghar", "text": "MARGAO: The gram sabha of the Seraulim village panchayat held on Sunday adopted a resolution demanding that the foundation stone for the panchayat ghar be removed after the sarpanch, Seema Shanke, failed to produce any approved documents and drawings, including the conversion sanad of the project.Pointing out that the foundation stone for the panchayat ghar was laid on December 24, 2011, by the sarpanch and the local MLA and power minister Aleixo Sequeira, gram sabha members alleged that it was in violation of the model code of conduct in force.Gram sabha member Tina Rebello demanded that the plans be produced before the gram sabha for discussions, however, the sarpanch failed to produce the same. The gram sabha further adopted a resolution that the panchayat ghar should not be constructed in the paddy fields or low-lying areas.The gram sabha members also took the sarpanch to task for floating two tenders for the construction of retaining wall for panchayat ghar and demanded an explanation.The villagers demanded that the tenders should be cancelled as all the required permissions were not obtained.The gram sabha also resolved to recall the file and revoke the licenses of a construction project in Seraulim, as the builder was blocking a traditional public access which was also used for religious processions three times annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418603", "title": "Preserve character of city, UT told", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Federation of Sector Welfare Associations Chandigarh (Regd.) comprising of 56 different resident welfare associations has urged UT administration to preserve the original character of the city.Besides this, the federation has also raised various public related issues including increase in the number of government hospitals in the city to manage the influx of patients.Members of the federation have urged that preservation of original character of Chandigarh has become a major concern for all the citizens of the city.There is a greater tendency by the neighbouring states to take-up multi-storied projects in the vicinity of the city to encash the stature and popularity of this planned city. They further said the city is left with only 4.17 square metre of vacant land with no scope for future expansion of its boundaries.In order to save this scarce land and for the optimum utilization of the same for future planning, development and growth of the city and its peripheral areas, an integrated comprehensive master plan should be formed soon and implemented, including exercising strict control on unauthorized encroachments, the federation said.Adding that the problems of traffic congestion and parking space are increasing in the city and urgent steps are required to be taken to prepare a traffic plan to check the congestion including taking action for widening of roads, construction of under passes, multi-level parkings/ community parkings supplemented with the improvement in public transport system.The members further urged that the three government hospitals - PGI, Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in Sector 32 and Government Multispecialty Hospital (GMSH) in Sector 16 remain over crowded with patients and can hardly provide quality health services to the masses.The members also showed their concern on the issues of development of the southern sectors, malba problem, stink from the garbage processing plant of the city and requested to remove these at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418887", "title": "Water-meter project in final stages", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The pilot project of water metering at Jodhpurgam has reached its final stages with nearly four out of eight consulting companies being rounded off for the final technical selection stages.The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) plans to initiate hydraulic surveys from February 16 after the selection procedure is over. The consulting companies will provide the AMC with a turn-key project which will be based on a PPP model. The selected company will advise the AMC on whether the existing water supply lines will have to be replaced for the metering purpose.The project is aimed at carrying out 'water-usage audit' across residential and commercial establishments. \"The audit report will become the basis for water charges in the city. Instead of supplying water for two hours, the AMC will supply water round the clock, though the volume will remain the same,\" a senior AMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417509", "title": "BEST officials blow own trumpet on Fort Ferry", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST administration claims it has received an enthusiastic response from bus commuters on the Fort Ferry service that was introduced in November last year.Buses on the low-fare routes ply between CST and Churchgate and offices in Fort and Nariman Point.Commuters, though happy with the low-fare service, are complaining about the \"bad condition\" of some buses on the route. the engine noise/vibration and There are also breakdowns in some cases, claim daily travellers.Nearly 10,000 officegoers use the buses daily. \"I am glad the BEST administration has introduced a circular bus route which goes through Fort, Nariman Point and Churchgate station. However, I have witnessed breakdowns in some buses and the condition of a few others is pathetic,\" said Rohit Chapekar, a regular commuter from CST.Another passenger Shraddha Mali said that all the 20 buses introduced on the route should have been brand new buses.\"The BEST administration must improve the quality of the service on Fort Ferry routes,\" she stated. A few other passengers felt that the service was hurriedlylaunched in view of the forthcoming civic elections. The Shiv Sena is the ruling party in the BEST committee, which cleared the proposal to launch the circular bus routes. However, BEST panel chairman Sunil Shinde said the officegoers in south Mumbai demanded a low-fare circular bus service. \"It is the only one of its kind in Mumbai and is a novel initiative by our executive president Uddhav Thackeray,'' he stated. In fact,Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray had flagged off the first two buses on November 3, 2011. A BEST official said the routes were profit-making and packed during peak hours.The two circular bus routes are -- Fort Ferry 1 and Fort Ferry 2 -- with one plying in clockwise direction to Fort area- Regal-Nariman Point - Churchgate and the other in anti-clockwise direction to Churchgate- Nariman Point-Regal- Fort area. BEST public relations officer N A Walawalkar said, \" The buses ply a distance of 6.3 kms and operate from 8 am to 9 pm between Monday and Saturday. Passengers can travel to any destination for just Rs 5 and there is a monthly pass of Rs 250.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11418034", "title": "HUDA administrator vows to revive city\u2019s dying lakes", "text": "GURGAON: At a time when the water table in Gurgaon is fast depleting, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda) administrator, Praveen Kumar , is promising revival of old lakes in the city. HUDA will also ensure that rainwater harvesting systems are installed and are functioning properly all over the city.The department is making plans for the restoration of the three-acre pond in Sukhrali village on Mehrauli-Gurgaon (MG) Road which will now be revamped by the department. The department is at present working on the possibility of revival of the old lake (Johad) which has now dried up.The idea of reviving the 15-foot-deep pond is to have natural water bodies that would contribute to maintaining a balance between the ongoing development and the environment. Also the lakes in the forests of Aravalis will be revamped soon. According to Kumar, reviving those lakes as well will help improve the water table and add to the beauty of the place.\"The city is known as the village of Guru Dronacharya and our idea is to maintain the authenticity of the name. This area is a natural hydrological point,\" says Kumar. The department will also start a survey on the rainwater harvesting systems to find out whether or not these systems installed by colonies and institutions are functioning.As per the Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA) notification, in the notified areas in Gurgaon and the adjoining industrial areas all the institutions and residential colonies over 250 sq yards it is mandatory to adopt water harvesting. According to the environmentalists, the city has seen a sudden growth in the past few years which has disturbed the balance of the natural resources.Environment experts say that it's not only the depleting groundwater but the land sharks have also emerged as water guzzlers. Vivek Kamboj, founder of Haryali NGO, said, \"The city does not have many natural water bodies left and their revival will help in recharging the groundwater which is depleting at a high rate. The lakes in the Aravalis are gradually disappearing because of the imbalance in the nature because of the speedy development. The rainwater harvesting system also helps in recharging the groundwater but there is no check on their functioning till now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417248", "title": "No respite from power cuts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite deciding to purchase 1000 MW additional power between January and May this year at a cost of Rs 1,083 crore, the state government has asked power utilities to examine restrictions and controls on consumers over the next four months because of the unusual demand for power.Energy secretary Dinesh Kumar on Sunday said the state had adopted short term and medium term measures to provide reliable &amp; satisfactory power supply to the industrial sector to the maximum extent possible. Under medium-term measures, power utilities plan to purchase another 2,000 MW power between June, 2012 and May, 2016, he said. As a measure to provide relief to the industrial sector to some extent, power utilities have designed a revenue neutral scheme i.e. Expensive Power Purchase Charge (EPPC) scheme for the benefit of industrial sector so that they can be given reliable and quality power. Referring to states like Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, which have opted for a short term power purchase program, where expensive power was purchased by Discoms for willing HT industrial consumers and the corresponding costs were collected from those consumers, Dinesh Kumar appealed to the industrial sector to make use of this opportunity.Transco CMD Ajay Jain has already asked all CMDs of Discoms to instruct their SEs to conduct meetings with industrialists and obtain their consent regarding willingness for the EPPC scheme, which would be reviewed by the energy secretary on Monday. Meanwhile, the proposed restriction &amp; control (R&C;) measures by Discoms would be discussed at Singareni Bhavan in Red Hills during the APERC public hearing on January 11, according to a press release issued by the energy department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11418840", "title": "Abandoned baby found in vat", "text": "KOLKATA: A month-old male baby was found in a vat in the divisional railway manager's (DRM) office complex near Sealdah station on Sunday.According to Narkeldanga police station sources, the duty officer received a call in the evening from an unidentified person, who said that a baby was lying in a vat inside the DRM office complex.Immediately, a police team, led by sub-inspector R Singh, went to the DRM office. They found the baby covered only with a blanket.It was sent to non-government organisation CINI Asha. \"Since they have the expertise in handling such babies, we sent him to them instead of keeping him in the police station any longer. The evening was pretty cold and windy and the baby was shivering,\" said an officer.Police suspect that the anonymous caller himself is the father of the baby. With the help of the caller line identification (CLI) gadget, police zeroed in on a number. But it was found to be of a public phone booth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417195", "title": "Emaar case: Jagan aide Ambati quizzed by CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former chairman of APIIC and YSR Congress spokesperson Ambati Rambabu appeared before the CBI here on Sunday in connection with the alleged irregularities in APIIC-Emaar Properties land deal. The CBI recorded Rambabu's statement as he was the chairman of Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) from 2005 to 2007.The CBI had registered a case in August last year against Emaar-MGF, its sister concerns and others on allegations that favours were granted to it by state government officials in the execution of a posh real estate project at Manikonda, here.Speaking to media after coming out of CBI's Dilkusha office, Rambabu blamed GO Ms No 359 issued in 2003 during Chandrababu Naidu's regime as the root cause for the Emaar scam. Washing his hands of the scam, Rambabu said that although he was the chairman of the APIIC during the relevant period, it was the state and the cabinet that took all the policy decisions concerning APIIC and not the chairman of the APIIC or its board.While vehemently denying any role in the Emaar Scam, Rambabu, however, reportedly pointed fingers at B P Acharya, former vice chairman and MD of APIIC. \"None of the controversial decisions were taken by the APIIC board to which I was the Chairman. However, if by chance, the VC and MD of the corporation takes such decisions that harmed the interests of the corporation, then neither me nor the board can be held responsible for the same,\" he reportedly told the CBI sleuths. It may be mentioned here that Acharya was made an accused No 1in the Emaar FIR registered by CBI.Ambati said GO 359 issued in 2003 paved the way for the entry of entities like Stylish Homes and MGF etc. Later, the CBI officials questioned the MD of Stylish Homes. Tummala Ranga Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "anand nagar", "code": "11417906", "title": "Sparrows chirp, flutter in Malhotra's nest", "text": "ANAND NAGAR: Parveen Malhotra lives in nature's paradise, which is nowhere else but his home, where chirping sparrows wake him up in the morning rather than an alarm clock, symbolic of mundane existence. His garden is a bird's nest where sparrows visit every morning and some of them even stay in bird boxes hanging with the trees. Malhotra has himself constructed these bird boxes for sparrows to make nests and keep their eggs till baby birds are able to fly. He said he has already made these boxes because the birds would start hovering over his house from the end of this month.Besides birds, he also loves keeping plants and has over 300 pots in which he has planted several saplings. In his garden, there are 14 varieties of palm trees, lemon, citrus, litchi, chiku and amla apart from many seasonal flowers and plants.\"Since I was a child, I am in love with nature and greenery, therefore I keep lot many plants in my house,\" said Parveen Malhotra, who is a chartered accountant. \"I like to hear chirping of birds, that's why have fitted bird boxes on trees and even on outer walls of the house, where sparrows come and give eggs and then baby birds come out of those eggs,\" he added. He also fits in an iron net in front of the bird boxes so that crows don't eat baby birds. Some rare, small sized species of sparrows also arrive in his lawn that are not seen anywhere else in the city.His sons, Madhav and Keshav, also support him in his efforts to provide shelter to the birds. \"I click pictures when baby birds come out of the eggs and start chirping,\" said Madhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "dharwad ", "code": "11419081", "title": "Kabaddi tourney from today", "text": "DHARWAD : All India inter-state under-17 boys and girls Kabaddi tournament will commence at Dharwad from Monday under the auspices of N A Muttanna memorial Police Children's Residential School. Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain said that as many as 24 state teamsare taking part in the five-day tournament.Matches will be played both in the morning and in the afternoon and late in the evening under the flood-lights. Four courts have been prepared at the venue. Rural Development and Panchayat Raj minister Jagadish Shettar willinaugurate the event at 3 pm on Monday. Former Indian Kabaddi team captain and Arjuna awardee B C Ramesh will be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417620", "title": "72-hr tweetathon with incredible India on mind", "text": "NEW DELHI: Don't call in to report abuse yet. That #iFeelUp hashtag, a tag to slot tweets in a searchable category, trending on Twitter has nothing to do with lurking sexual predators. The brainchild of a 26-year-old entrepreneur, Shiv Bhaskar Dravid, the hashtag is actually a twitter conference: a 72-hour-long nonstop affair bringing together a celebrity panel and twitter-users in a discussion on things that make you feel positive about India. The organizers describe it as, the world's largest Tweet-A-Thon.The conference covers 72 topics, a fresh one every hour, ranging from start-ups to books to football and, of course, corruption. About 200 panelists, like Kiran Bedi , Subramanian Swamy , Kailash Kher , Bhawana Somaaya and various bloggers are slated to steer the discussions and take questions. People who want to join in a discussion can tweet with a \"#iFeelUp\" appended to their tweets. Though the virtual conference officially started on Sunday midnight, it started trending a day before in anticipation.\"Looking at the news lately, one can see a negative sentiment seeping in. But the youth in our country is very positive. We decided to do this conference to discuss all that's going well,\" says Dravid, who runs The Viewspaper, an online youth newspaper. The entire schedule of the conference is available on The Viewspaper website.Dravid is personally looking forward to the discussion on corruption. On Monday, there are two discussions scheduled on Lokpal, and another on \"Political Participation\". \"We're changing from a representational to a participatory democracy. Public opinion is building immense pressure on our leaders. Corruption is a hot topic and it will be repeated in various forms throughout the conference,\" says Dravid. The conference or \" tweetathon\" is on till Jan 10 midnight.BOX:(Tweets from #iFeelUp)@hemalmajitha: The Indian social media scene is taking long steps and in no time we will be there with the big boys@parvathimenon: India's contribution to global innovation would be real breakthroughs in distribution, financial models, sustainable enterprise@arthasastra: Manufacturing is not synonymous with environment degradation; India needs to create jobs though not at the cost of environment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417512", "title": "Fire scare in Wadala high-rise", "text": "MUMBAI: A minor fire broke out in a high-rise building, Cosmic Heights Cooperative Housing Society, in Wadala on Sunday morning.While no casualties were reported, residents say that despite requesting the builder of the housing society to install adequate fire safety equipments there was no response from the same. Only handful fire extinguishers have been installed but it is not adequate for the 27-storey building, say residents.The fire started in the meter box room on the ground floor of the building. According to the BMC disaster management, the fire started due to an electrical short circuit and gutted the entire room leaving the society without electricity till late Sunday night.The building does not have the mandatory fire exit route making it difficult for the Fire Brigade to navigate. The officials found it difficult to enter the building as cars were parked on either side of the road leading to its entrance. The building has a single exit which is narrow. \"We have asked the builder to install all the fire safety equipments but nothing has been done. This incident could have snowballed into a major fire,\" said a resident, requesting anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11418188", "title": "Rly officer catches pick pocket, gets injured", "text": "GONDIA: The assistant commercial manager of South-Eastern-Central railway D Pal showed exemplary courage and commitment to duty, when he caught a pick pocket red-handed and did not allow him escape even after he was attacked with a knife.According to sources, Pal was travelling with special checking squad in 122105 Vidarbha Express on Saturday. When the train was about to leave Warthi station, he noticed a pick pocket, standing behind a passenger, trying to steal his purse from his pocket. Pal rushed forward and caught the youth in the act. The youth took out his knife in an attempt to escape, but Pal did not relent even after getting injured in the scuffle.The pick pocket was identified as Majloom Salim Hussain of Bhandara. He was handed over to the Gondia railway police and Pal was admitted in the KTS hospital, Gondia . Senior officers from the railways later visited Gondia to enquire about Pal's health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11418447", "title": "Theni farmers cheer Pennycuick memorial", "text": "MADURAI: Col John Pennycuick is revered as a demi-god in villages across Theni district and the announcement by the chief minister J Jayalalithaa to build a memorial for the British engineer, who completed the daunting task of constructing the Mullaperiyar dam, has apparently cheered the farmers in the district.\"We profusely thank chief minister J Jayalalithaa for the decision to build a memorial for Pennycuick and install his statue. The foundation stone shall be appropriately laid for the project on January 15, the birth anniversary of Pennycuick,\" said K M Abbas, president of Periyar Vaigai Farmers' Association.Abbas said that the memorial will be spread across a sprawling 24,000 sq feet area. \"About 242 Tamil people from Theni district, who were involved in the project, had laid down their lives. Besides, 21 royal engineers were also killed during the period when the dam was built. It would be appropriate if they were also honoured. If not the statues of the royal engineers, at least their names should be engraved on the memorial.\"He also said that people like Mandayan Asari of Thevaram, Anaveratti Anga Thevar, Kaduvetti Karuppa Thevar, C A A Angur Rawther had also made enormous contributions. \"Their contributions should be recalled,\" urged Abbas. He said that the royal engineers were buried close to the dam and the memorial would throw light on the losses suffered, and difficulties underwent by the people during the construction of the dam if the contributions of these people were mentioned.K Subbiah, joint secretary of Cumbum Valley Coconut Farmers' Association said that though there were portraits of Pennyquick in many village where the public revered him, there was a longing for a fitting memorial for him. \"We are very keen to see the memorial built,\" he said. Soon after the announcement was made, Abbas, Subbiah and N Ameer, joint secretary of Grape Farmers' Association sent a letter to the chief minister thanking her for the project. The three have also sought for a model of the Mullaperiyar dam to be kept in the memorial.\"The announcement has come at a time we are preparing to celebrate his birthday. In fact, we wanted to build a memorial for Pennycuick, but the idea could not materialise due to inadequate funds,\" said R Subburaj, founder member of Pennycuick Peravai in Kuchanur village in Theni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11418608", "title": "Odisha\u2019s first bird flu case detected in Khurda district", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha's first case of bird flu has been detected from Keranga area in Khurda district. The Union government communicated this to the state government on Sunday, official sources said.The Odisha government, following death of hundreds of crows in different parts of the state, has sent around 300 samples, mostly crow and a few poultry, to the High Security Animal Disease Laboratory (HSADL) of Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI) in Bhopal to know the reason.While test reports about crows are still awaited, the Centre, on receiving results from HSADL, intimated the state government that at least one sample of poultry had tested positive for the H5N1 virus, known for causing avian influenza or bird flu, official sources said.Chief secretary Bijay Patnaik held discussions with senior officers about measures that need to be taken to deal with the situation in Keranga. \"The Centre is yet to order culling of birds, but to prevent possible spread of the disease the state government has decided to stop movement of poultry birds out of Keranga,\" an officer disclosed. Official sources said there are around 40,000 poultry birds in Keranga and the government would send more samples to HSADL for testing.Bird flu scare had hit the state in 2005, 2006 and 2008, leading to culling of large number of poultry birds, but no bird flu case was confirmed the state then.Earlier, a large number of crow deaths in different parts of the state had triggered an alarm, prompting the government to send samples to the Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI) in Bhopal. Official sources said abnormally high crow deaths have been reported during the past few weeks from Champua (Keonjhar), Keranga (Khurda), Paradip (Jagatsinghpur), Jajpur town (Jajpur) and Betanoti (Mayurbhanj), among others. Similar deaths were earlier reported in West Bengal and Jharkhand.\"We have sent samples to the High Security Animal Disease Laboratory (HSADL) of IVRI and also increased surveillance in different parts of the state,\" said secretary, fisheries and animal resources, Satyabrata Sahu.The state government, as part of its precautionary measures, has cancelled the leave of chief district medical officers to deal with the outbreak of bird flu, official sources said. Besides, the fisheries and animal resources department (FARD) mandarins have sought help from their forest department counterparts to tackle the menace.\"We have also alerted the Chilika Development Authority as a large number of migratory birds visit the lagoon during this time of the year,\" a senior officer of FARD said.Sahu said there was no reason to panic, but the government was doing everything necessary to deal with the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418285", "title": "Drummer enters book of records", "text": "CHENNAI: City-based drummer B Sridhar entered the Indian Book of Records with a marathon performance that lasted more than 24 hours.Sridhar, 31, started performing at the T N Rajaratinam Kalai Arangam in R A Puram on Saturday at 9.30am and played continuously till 11.30 on Sunday morning.Sridhar is based in Jafferkhanpet and has been a professional drummer for 13 years. He accompanies playback, classical and semi-classical musicians, including Embar Kannan, Trichur Brothers, Abaswaram Ramji, Ghatam Karthik and also has his own band.For the record, Sridhar played with eight bands at the ticketed show, performing three-hour pieces with each band. The Indian Book of Records is an eight-year-old institution that brings out a yearly list of records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11418519", "title": "Seven cops suspended", "text": "MADURAI: The seven policemen, who were found gambling in Madurai, were suspended on Sunday even as three of them are on the run.Koothaperumal (57), special sub-inspector attached to Meenakshi Amman Temple police station, Karupiah (53), special sub-inspector of Thilagar Thidal station, traffic constable Balasubramanian (42) and constable Balamurugan (46) and three other constables were found gambling along with five other persons in a multi-storeyed building on the outskirts of the city near Mattuthavani on Friday night.While the four were caught by a raiding team, three managed to shove them away and fled the place. Meanwhile, all the seven policemen were suspended by the city commissioner of police P Kannappan.\"Their whereabouts are yet to be found. We are conducting inquiries to locate them,\" said a police officer.The police officer said that a detailed report on the activities of the seven policemen and the charges against them were submitted to senior police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11418722", "title": "11 villages threaten to boycott panchayat polls", "text": "KORAPUT: Residents of at least 11 villages of Charangul panchayat in Koraput district's Semiliguda block have threatened to boycott the fortcoming rural polls, demanding inclusion of the panchayat under Damanjodi police limits, among others.At present, the panchayat is under the jurisdiction of Sunabeda police. According to the villagers, they face much difficulty in reaching Sunabeda police station as they have to cover a distance of about 20 km. On the other hand, the Damanjodi police station is at a distance of about 200 meters from the panchayat headquarters.\"We have to cover a distance of about 20 km to reach Sunabeda to lodge a complaint with police. And the cops on their part are also unable to reach the village in quick time at time of robbery or any other crime. We are not at all benefited being under Sunabeda police station as timely action is not taken by the police due to long distance,\" said Bhabani Kumar Swain, a Charangul resident.\"Damanjodi police station is closer to our village and it will be of great help if we brought under its jurisdiction. Though, many times in the past we have submitted memorandum to the state home department and to the local SP and collector but to no avail,\" he added.The villagers also alleged that though it is almost 12 years that Charangul got the status of a panchayat but the office of the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) meant for the panchayat is situated at Sunabeda. \"We demand to shift the ICDS office to the block headquarters of Semiliguda. As the office lies at Sunabeda beneficiaries are deprived of the nutritional food meant for pregnant women and children,\" said Raja Kumar Bag a local resident of Charangul.Similarly, the villagers have also alleged that they are deprived of proper healthcare facilities as the health centre of the panchayat has been shifted to Kunduli hospital which lies at a distance of around 15 km.A senior district official said that they are unaware of the decision of the villagers to boycott the polls. Koraput SP Anup Kumar Sahoo said, \"After the formation of new police stations its areas should be redefined. But it has not been done since long for which the problem exists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417168", "title": "Bihar govt staff to declare asset by Feb 28", "text": "PATNA: In continuation of the state government's policy to put the details of assets of ministers, senior officials and other government employees in public domain by posting them on the government website, about three lakh government officials will declare their property for the second consecutive year by February 28.This practice was introduced last year after chief minister Nitish Kumar declared his own assets and asked his ministerial colleagues to follow suit. Later, top IAS and IPS rank officers were also asked to do so. All these declarations were posted on the government website. It was made mandatory to update the information every year.\"IAS and IPS officials will submit their declaration by January 31 and other employees, including teachers, by February 28. The CM and ministers had already declared their assets by December 31 last year,\" principal secretary, general administration department (GAD), Dipak Kumar told TOI. He added that the same calendar was followed last year as well.Denying that some senior bureaucrats had refused to make their assets public last year, Kumar said, \"Some officials had raised a few objections but later on, they too declared their properties.\" However, Kumar could not categorically say that all employees had declared their properties last year. \"It was nearly 100%,\" he said.Kumar pointed out that since salary of no government employee had been stopped, it meant everybody complied with the order. The government had stipulated that employees not adhering to the standing order would go without salary.\"The declaration of last year and the updated version declared this year will be put on the website for comparative analysis,\" he said.A notification asking the officials from class 1 to class 3 to submit their details to their respective heads of departments was circulated on last Friday by the GAD. The department heads have been asked to disburse the February salary of employees only after receiving their declarations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11418939", "title": "Trinamool factions clash during police raid", "text": "MALDA: Baishnabnagar turned into a battleground late on Saturday night when police raided the village to arrest eight accused who allegedly tried to kidnap block Trinamool president Atikur Rahman earlier in the day. One policeman was injured, a police van was ransacked and at least 10 houses were set on fire when two factions of the party clashed during the police raid.some miscreants tried to kidnap Atikur while he was going to attend a party meeting at Chari Anantapur on Saturday afternoon. Local villagers recued him and informed police. Interestingly, all the accused belong to the faction led by Dulal Sarkar.According to sources, the accused claimed the allegation was baseless. However, district Trinamool president Sabitri Mitra said, \"I urged the police super to arrest the culprits.\" Dormer district president Sarkar countered, \"Some miscreants entered our party after the election. They are responsible for such misdeeds.\"One policeman was injured, a police van was ransacked and at least 10 houses were set on fire when two factions of the party clashed during the police raid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11417888", "title": "Amit wants dinner with Salman", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Businessman Amit Sood, 31, does not want the world to end in 2012 but if it does he wants to have set up a chain of stores with home decorations across Punjab before D-day. Among his long list of wishes he also wants to try an African safari, taste all the major cuisines of the world and have dinner with Salman Khan.An importer who already has two stores in the city, Amit said as of now he has items from Poland , Holland and China but he wants to have things from Italy and Denmark too. \"My next wish is to take my parents Rakesh and Renu Sood and sister Sonia on a world tour. I have been to almost all European countries and I want to especially take them to England, Italy, France, Spain, Melbourne and Sydney in Australia, Los Angeles and Las Vegas in USA and Toronto in Canada ,'' said Amit, a resident of Civil Lines.Explaining his desire to have dinner with Salman Khan , Amit said the actor is having ball these days and despite having a life full of turbulence he has not broken apart. \"He is very special to me and I really like that even though he is over 40 years old, he has maintained a great physique. I want to spend time asking about his health and life,'' said Amit.A self-declared adventure freak and food lover, Amit wants to have the adrenaline rush of an African safari and sky diving in Los Angeles. He also wants to enjoy Mexican, Turkish, Continental cuisines and salads from across the world.Amit said he always seeks spirituality so he would love to visit Tirupati temple and Vaishno Devi. \"I think one finds peace at religious places and feels spiritually high,'' he added.His final wish, Amit said is to serve the weaker sections of society including those without shelter, orphans and the elderly. \"I also wish to do something about crime against women because it is the one of the biggest threats to society,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11418841", "title": "Work on new building at Kovai medical college to begin soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: The old buildings in the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital campus will soon be demolished to give way to state-of-the-art five floor building to accommodate more patients.The Public Works Department (PWD) will float tenders by next week and the construction work for the new hospital building will begin at the premises within the next two months, said Palanisamy, executive engineer, PWD.\"It will be a state-of-the-art building with increased capacity. The building will be constructed at a total cost of Rs 50 crore,\" he said. He said the five-storey new hospital building will be coming up on 3.23lakh sq ft of land. The building will be earthquake resistant and will be designed to meet necessary requirements. The hospital wards will have 1,000-bed capacity.The building will house specialized departments including Neurology, Nephrology, Orthopaedic, Cardiology, Cardiothorasis and plastic surgery.Palanisamy said the building will also house five operation theatres and an intensive care unit. Besides eight lifts, ramps for the differently-abled people will also be constructed. The construction of the new building will be completed within two years, he added.A senior doctor in the hospital said at least 5,000 patients visit the hospital everyday as outpatients. \"Now, the hospital has 750 beds. However, the situation is grim as many have to sleep on the floor. Besides, the space for labs and other facilities are insufficient.\"The construction of new building brought cheers to heritage lovers as the government decided not to demolish the main building, which is more than100-years-old. As per the earlier plan, it was decided to demolish the building, which heritage lovers protested.\"We are happy that the government has decided not to demolish the main building as the heritage building should be preserved,\" said Ramachandran, member, Indian National Trust of Arts and Cultural Heritage, a non-profit membership organization dedicated to the preservation and restoration of heritage buildings in the country.It will be a state-of-the-art building with increased capacity. The building will be constructed at a total cost of Rs 50 crore. The hospital wards will have 1,000-bed capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11419673", "title": "Cong-MNS in a backdoor pact?", "text": "PUNE: Politics makes strange bedfellows. Which is why a rudderless city Congress in the absence of member of Parliament Suresh Kalmadi , who dominated the party affairs single-handedly for decades, is eyeing an informal electoral understanding with Raj Thackeray's Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS).This week, senior city Congress leaders had rounds of meetings in Mumbai with Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee president Manikrao Thakre and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to discuss such a poll strategy.Late on Friday, when CM Chavan was in city to attend a private function, Congress leaders met him to discuss the civic elections yet again. \"The Nationalist Congress Party is the Congress' main opponent. For the party's survival we have to lock horns with Ajit Pawar and his party in Pune as they have been eating into the Congress' votebank all these years. Any understanding with the BJP-Sena is impossible because these parties have their consolidated votebanks that only the MNS can dent. We are looking for an informal electoral understanding with the MNS,\" a senior Congress leader said.They are banking on the logic that the MNS and BJP-Sena share the same votebank that the Congress and the NCP have never managed to erode. \"But MNS has increased its presence in the city. The Congress can support the MNS where its main opponent is BJP-Sena or NCP and not the MNS. In turn, the party could support the Congress in panels where the NCP or the BJPSena are in a straight fight with the Congress and where MNS has little presence,\" another Congress leader said.Congress leaders discussed this strategy with Chavan and Thakre. \"Both leaders have no objections for such a tie-up and we are now working on the panels where the understanding is possible. This will benefit the Congress and the MNS,\" Congress leaders said.Some MNS leaders maintained a guarded silence. Others hinted that the party will start talks with the Congress only when there is a concrete formula. Minnows in 2007 elections, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sens has today emerged as a force to reckon with.In 2007, the MNS won eight seats in the civic polls, but since then the party has increased its votebank in Pune. In the state assembly elections in 2009, it secured three times the votes it had polled in the city during the early 2009 Lok Sabha elections. The party ate into BJP-Sena bastions and party candidate Ramesh Wanjale won the Khadakwasla seat while two candidates secured second positions.The party secured a total of 2,88,158 votes in the seven assembly constituencies; no candidate was fielded in Pune cantonment board role had secured 75,000 votes in the Lok Sabha elections. Two of MNS candidates, Ravindra Dhangekar (Kasba Peth) and Kishor Shinde (Kothrud), bagged second positions in their respective constituencies and lost by a margin of around 9,000 votes.CONGRESS ACCUSES POLICE OF DISCRIMINATIONCity Congress leaders who met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday complained against the police machinery of discrimination towards Congress workers and demanded that he should take up the matter with the police commissioner to avoid such bias during elections. \"We complained that police machinery is subservient to the NCP and discriminatory towards Congress workers. The CM said that he was aware of this and will speak to the concerned police officers,\" said a Congress leader who was part of the delegation. Meanwhile, Chavan who was addressing Congress leaders said the party should launch a 'fearless' attack on the NCP. Chavan said that the Khadakwasla by polls was a lesson for the NCP.In the city, its candidate Ranjeet Shi-The NCP is the Congress' main opponent. For the party's survival we have to lock horns with Ajit Pawar and his party in Pune as they have been eating into the Congress' votebank all these years. Any understanding with the BJP-Sena is impossible because these parties have their consolidated votebanks that only the MNS can dent. We are looking for an informal electoral understanding with the MNS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11418924", "title": "Congress spoils for showdown on streets", "text": "BHOPAL: After eight years, a faction-ridden Congress seems to be readying to take on the BJP in Madhya Pradesh.PCC chief Kantilal Bhuria's declaration of a year-long Save Madhya Pradesh programme and launching the same with a state-wide \"Jail Bharo\" agitation on January nine indicates that the BJP can no longer afford to be complacent as before in view of the state going to the polls next year, BJP sources said.Less than two years before the next assembly elections, the Congress announcing a 365-day long agitation is not good news. Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has already sensed trouble.That is precisely the reason why Chouhan's ministers were sent to the districts on Sunday to explain why the Centre is to be blamed for pathetic road condition, power crisis and the unavailability of fertilizers during the sowing season. \"It is unfair to say that the state government is feeling threatened. It is absolutely untrue,'' said minister for industries Kailash Vijayavargiya.\"We have gone to districts a day before the Congress' agitation to put forth our side of the story and stop their misinformation and slanderous propaganda against the government. We must also have our say,\" he said.In eight years, it's the first time when the BJP has gone to the field to defend before a Congress agitation.Surprising. The government that enjoys more than two-thirds majority has to go for explaining against a weak opposition. Apparently, the government fears that the Congress will hit back using the same issues that saw the BJP riding to power in 2003: bijli, sadak and paani. In 2008, the BJP returned to power on the back of improved road scene and Ladli Laxmi Yojana. It had transformed the road scene, constructing an average of 25 kms per day.This together with Ladli Laxmi Yojana brought the electorate closer to the BJP. The party stood rock-solid behind chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan while the Congress was busy fighting factional wars. Then PCC chief Suresh Pachauri launched the party manifesto alone with finance minister Pranab Mukherjee beside him. None of his party comrades from the state was seen with him.It is too early to say if Bhuria will succeed in bringing all his party leaders on one platform before Mission 2013. However, the Congress claims it is ready for the crucial assembly elections. \"Our workers are getting impatient now,'' said Congress party media cell chairman Manak Agarwal.\"Over the past seven months Kantilal Bhuria toured 27 districts of the state. And everywhere our party workers complained there was no activity. They are tired of sitting idle and out of power. Our workers want to strike back,'' the party leader added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "11418806", "title": "Blame flies after eye for an eye", "text": "TUTICORIN: They are two families in mourning but each blames the other for its loss - the family of Nithya, who died from complications during surgery, and of Dr Sethulakshmi, who was killed by Nithya's husband on January 2.For the rest of his life, R Thirugnanasambandam will remember his wife Sethulakshmi playing the veena because that was how he last saw her. The head of the geology department at VOC College in Tuticorin was waiting for January 20 to celebrate their 29th wedding anniversary.He said Sethulakshmi came home from her clinic at 8pm on January 2 for dinner. She then practiced the veena, which she had just started learning, when she was called back to work. \"That was the last time I saw her,\" he said, sitting in their home in Kamaraj Nagar.Sethulakshmi, an anesthetist who ran a private clinic in her residence, operated on Nithya a few hours later. The surgery was complicated and Nithya died. Later, Nithya's husband Mahesh hacked Sethulakshmi to death. Sethulakshmi's family denies the charge of medical negligence. \"She was hesitant to treat Nithya because she knew it was a complicated case. The family forced her saying they could not afford treatment in any other hospital. They have not paid for the surgery,\" said Thirugnansambandam's brother, R Ambalavanan. \"The claim that she was an anesthetist and was not competent is untrue because she had handled thousands of deliveries and surgeries during her days in primary health centres,\" he said.The family had approached the police for protection. \"When they learnt that Nithya was critical, Mahesh started verbally abusing Sethulakshmi and threatened to kill her. We sought protection but the police said nothing would happen and that they had spoken to Mahesh. But he came back on Monday and killed her,\" he said.Across the city in Avudayapuram, near Tutucorin old bus stand, the house where Nithya lived was silent. Her husband, Mahesh, an autorickshaw driver, is in prison and his two brothers and mother had gone to visit him.\"It's been three days since we cooked here,\" said Mahesh's sister-in-law Rajeswari. \"She brought joy to the house since she came here in June after her marriage,\" she said.Mahesh's father K Rajapandian said, \"She was good-natured and took care of all of us.\" He said that Nithya was healthy and walked to hospital that day. She was taken into the operation theatre at 5.30pm and the family paid Rs 10,000.When they did not come out by 8pm, Mahesh and Rajapandian forced their way into the theatre. \"It was a horrid sight. The foetus was on a tray. Nithya was unconscious. Mahesh was gazing at the foetus for a long time in silence,\" Rajapandian said. Sethulakshmi advised them to take Nithya to another hospital where she was declared dead.\"Now I am scared that my son's life is in danger because of the pressure put on the government by doctors. It is an irony that doctors are asking for protection when we need protection from greedy doctors. When Sethulakshmi felt she could not handle the case, she should have referred it to another hospital and both lives would have been saved,\" Rajapandian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11418656", "title": "City set to host short film fest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state capital, which is at present dancing to the tunes of a number of dance and music festivals, is all set to host a film festival. The J D Centre of Art (JDCA) would organize its 6th edition of the National Short and Documentary Film Festival at IDCOL auditorium here from January 11 to 13.\"Celebrating and reminiscing masters\" would be the theme of this year's JDCA film festival. Films on eminent personalities such as M F Hussain, F N Souza, Biren De, Jahangir Sabawala, musician Asad Ali Khan and film makers Mani Kaul, Bhagwan Garga would be screened during the festival.\"Around 20 filmmakers from across the country would take part in the event. Around nine hours of film screening would be made daily,\" said Biswajit Rout, an organizing committee member.A new competitive section that has been introduced this year is screening of student films within five minutes duration. The festival will also has its complement of exhibitions, panel discussions, workshops and dance and music recitals. The theme for this year's workshop is \"Documenting rare and dying art forms\".\"There will be poetry reading sessions by eminent Odia poets on 12 January. The first poster poem by Jayanta Mahapatra will be released. There will be stalls to exhibit traditional handicrafts, handlooms, publications and objects of art,\" Rout said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11421315", "title": "B\u2019wood loves 3D, but do we?", "text": "After Don 2 in 3D crashes at the plexes, theatre owners and filmmakers tell us why the format is failing to lure the masses3D films have met with a similar reaction from the audience. While Hollywood films like Avatar and Tintin have drawn multiplex audiences, Indian attempts to master the very technical art have fallen flat. The most recent example being that of Shah Rukh Khan's Don 2.The film, Don 2 has managed to rake in the moolah at the box office. But its three-dimensional version has fizzled out. The last minute conversion of the film from 2D to 3D took a lot of time and effort. But the sleepless nights couldn't somehow convert into houseful theatres. In fact, 3D prints of Don 2 were removed from almost all theatres across the country.A representative from a leading multiplex said on the condition of anonymity, \"You can't do 3D just for the sake of making a 3D film. In the second week of Don 2, we reduced the 3D shows and in the third week, we removed it altogether. You can't add 3D just for the shock value. We have seen films like Tintin, which was brilliant in 3D. As far as Bollywood is concerned, Haunted that was shot in 3D brought in the necessary footfalls.\"Anand Vishal, head of operations of Fun Republic said, \"In all our theatres, we had more audience for 2D version of Don 2 than 3D. That is when we decided to discontinue it.\"A source close to BIG Cinemas added, \"We removed some prints of the 3D version since we had to accommodate another film. In any case, the film was in its third week. Once cannot expect to get the same revenue as the first week.\"Utpal Acharya, the head of distribution and acquisition for Reliance, the makers of Don 2, said, \"In the first week we had 3105 prints. This included 400 odd pirnts in 3D. The 3D prints were retained in the second week. This week the prints are reduced.\"When inquired about the audience feedback on the 3D version, he said, \"People will always have issues. It happens with Hollywood films as well. The theaters who have only one 3D screen have removed the prints.\"Filmmakers are however, undaunted by the audience reaction to 3D. Vikram Bhatt, who shot Haunted in 3D and is in the final legs of shooting his second 3D venture Dangerous Ishq, said, \"It is bound to fail. Conversion of 2D into 3D takes a long time if it is done well. When it's done in a hurry the result is bad. I have not seen RA.One or Don 2 to comment on their 3D merit, but I know that I am the only one in India who is shooting films in 3D. The audience will get smart soon enough to realise the difference between converted 3D and real 3D.\"Incidentally, Shirish Kunder who has just completed shooting for his film Joker with Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha is in the process of converting his 2D film to 3D.When contacted, Kunder said \"The most important thing is that Joker is not an after thought 3D film. We had shot the film with wide angles. There will be depth and so we will get all the right effects for 3D. Also, it is very important about who is doing it in terms of technique. Even Chronicles Of Narnia was a conversion and may be the others films you talking about are not up to the mark.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11418432", "title": "Sugarcane to turn expensive this Pongal", "text": "MADURAI: Here's some bad news for all those who are gearing up for Pongal festivities. Sugarcane, also popularly known as 'Pongal Karumbu' or chewing cane, which is traditionally related to the harvest festival, will cost more, this year, mainly because of the reduced area under cultivation due to various factors.Chewing cane, which is predominantly cultivated in the southern districts of Madurai, Theni and Dindigul was sold at Rs 170 to Rs 200 for one bundle with 15 canes, last year, while this year, the price is about Rs 230 and it may go even higher on Pongal days. However, has come as a respite for the farming community, especially after the losses they suffered in 2011.In Madurai district, chewing cane is cultivated in Navinipatti, Keelaiyur, Thaniamangalam, Sathamangalam, A Vallalapatti, Karuthapuliampatti of Melur block and Mangulam, Meenakshipuram, Arumbanaur and Kallanthiri in Madurai East block. Many farmers were not able to afford the sudden increase in the prices of seedlings. This reduced production and is the major reason for the price hike.V Madhavan, a farmer from Thaniamangalam said that farmers in Madurai district cultivated 1,000 hectares last year, but it has come down to just 750 hectares this year, which is the case in adjacent districts as well. Last year, the price of the seedlings suddenly rose to Rs 4,000 per 300 seeds from the earlier cost of Rs 1,200.\"Many of us were not able to afford the sudden increase and the cultivated area has come down due to this factor,\" he said. But for those who risked the increase, the returns have been very handsome. The fall in production has yielded good prices with a load of 300 canes being sold at Rs 4,000 this year, while it was just Rs 1,800 to Rs 2,000 last year. Farmers have spent Rs 40,000 per acre but the returns are good with Rs 1.5 lakh per acre. Unfortunately, it was not same for the farmers who sold their crop in advance because as shrewd buyers priced them for Rs 2,000 per 300 canes when they bought it in November itself, Madhavan pointed out.K Ramar, a farmer in Devathanapatti from Theni district also said that the returns were good this year. \"Over production in the previous year caused prices to fall drastically and many farmers actually received their produce back from the buyers. Instead of sending the cane to the market, we cut them into pieces for seedlings which gave some respite. This year, many farmers preferred other crops over chewing cane and the production was less,\" Ramar said. Customers may have to pay higher prices this year but for farmers, the returns are good after many years of losses, he added.Besides, almost half of the produce goes for exports procured by buyers from other states like Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and up to Gujarat. The canes cultivated at present are mainly for exports while the canes harvested after January 11 will be sold for local demand in all the districts of Tamil Nadu, farmers said.K Vairavan, dean, Agricultural College and Research Institute, Madurai said that this variety of sugarcane can be used only for eating, as not much research activities have gone into making it viable for any industrial and economic purposes. Due to this, farmers depend on the local varieties they were cultivating for many years.\"It is high time that the government start research works on chewing cane and introduce more varieties in this crop which will benefit the farmers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417244", "title": "New Khas Mahal policy opposed", "text": "PATNA: Khas Mahal Citizens' Welfare Society on Sunday appealed to the state government to declare Khas Mahal land as free-hold property on the pattern of other states.Society president Abhimanyu Singh, IAS (retd.), said at a meeting of the society that the British regime had allotted land to experienced administrators, advocates and scholars in recognition of their services after acquiring several pieces in several localities which were later called Khas Mahal land.Talking about the Kadamkuan locality Abhimanyu said that several personalities like Dr Rajendra Prasad , Jay Prakash Narayan, Babu Jagjivan Ram, Sri Krishna Singh and Anugrah Narain Singh had their work place in the locality. By bringing Khas Mahal policy 2011, the state government is intending to bring in harsher law by which several land owners would lose their right on the land as the government is charging heavy money from the landowners. Khas Mahal land exists in only 20 districts of the state and government can declare such land as free-hold property, the ssociety said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411665", "title": "Will Shakira visit India?", "text": "Debajyoti Mishra, composer of \"Raincoat\", who hit headlines recently for having scored music for Shakira in Bangladeshi director Enamul Karim Nirjhar's \"Desire - The Flying Butter\", has revealed that the Columbian superstar singer will also be promoting the film.So, will she be coming down to India, we asked. About the India bit, I'm not too sure as yetBut she will be going to Bangladesh is what I've heard so far. You never know, considering her fanbase in the country, she might just be in India as well,\"\" said Debajyoti.Calling Shakira a 'thorough professional', the composer added that the singer hasn't charged an astronomical amount for the film. \"Shakira is a superstar. She could have easily asked for a huge pay package. But she loved the concept of the film so much that she didn't charge a huge amount. For her, it's also important to collaborate with musicians the world over,\" said Debajyoti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419441", "title": "Fog delays arrival and departure of Shatabdi Express", "text": "LUCKNOW: Several trains continued to run late due to fog on Sunday. Lucknow-New Delhi Shatabdi Express arrived late at Charbagh station . The train arrived at 4pm and departed at 5:35pm. The other trains which were running late included Lucknow-New Delhi Gomti Express, Azamgarh-Delhi Kaifiyat Express, Allahabad-New Delhi Prayagraj Express, Barauni-New Delhi Vaishali Express, Varanasi-New Delhi Shivganga Express, Allahabad-New Delhi Duronto Express, Gorakhpur-New Delhi Gorakdham Express and Kanpur Central-New Delhi Shramshakti Express.Meanwhile, to clear the extra rush of passengers during Kalchakra Puja, railways will run two trips of special train numbers 03687/ 03688 New Delhi-Gaya-New Delhi.Train number 03687 Gaya-New Delhi special train will depart from Gaya at 7pm on January 11 and 12 and reach New Delhi at 3:20pm the next day.In the return direction, train number 03688 will depart from New Delhi at 11:05pm on January 12 and 13 and reach Gaya at 9:25pm the next day.The train will comprise one AC-3 , seven sleeper, five second class and two second class-cum-brake van coaches . The train will stop at Dehri-On-Sone , Sasaram, Mughalsarai , Varanasi, Sultanpur, Lucknow, Bareilly and Moradabad stations in both the directions .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11419073", "title": "Police on vigil to save ore deposits in Kappatagudda", "text": "HUBLI: After the ban on mining in Bellary as per the SC order, Kappatagudda in Gadag is slowly becoming a hub of illegal mining activities. Woken up by the increased illegal mining activities in recent months, the forest department has taken stringent measures to preserve the rich minerals of the hilly area. Kappatagudda, spread on 18,000 acres of land in Mundargi, Shirhatti and Gadag forest range is a densely vegetated area, boasting of rare medicinal plants and rich iron ore deposits.Of late, especially after Bellary ceased to be the epicenter of mining, focus of ore looters has been shifted to this belt. District police say they have seized several vehicles transporting ore in the dense forest area. The forest department has formed seven executive staff teams to keep tab on movement of people and vehicles in the area. Each team consists of 8-10 members including the RFO, watchers, and forest guards who will keep a round-the-clock vigil in the vicinities. S V Patil, deputy conservator of forest, Gadag, said three forest protection camps have been constituted to monitor Shingatrayankere, Paapnashi, Shingatarayankere and Hirewaddatti forest range area. About 52 trenches have been created in Singatarayan kere range area of Mundargi zone while another 21 trenches created in Papanashi and Adavisomapur forest area of Gadag zone.\"We have intensified checking of vehicles at composite check post at Adavisomapur. Officers from mines and geology department, RTO, commercial tax, district administration, police and forest department will check the vehicles routinely. Stern action will be taken against those who are involved in illegal mining or other illegal activites in Kappatagudda under the Forest Act (71),\" he added. Patil said the forest department has also taken measures to prevent fire incidents in Kappatagudda by removing successive fire lines in Hirevaddatti and Harogeri range. Adequate rescue vehicles have also been kept ready to shift people to safer places .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11417166", "title": "Why Thane is in the 'dumps'", "text": "THANE: Two distinct images make a frame in the minds of outsiders at the mention of Thane. Serene lakes, the Yeoor hills and snaking, narrow lanes with small houses on either side flash up in the first.The second is of a crowded railway station and a bustling concrete urban scape where swank apartments and malls stand tall on once vacant plots.The third, rarely visible to the outsider, is the neglect of basic infrastructure, where untreated sewage continues to be diverted into open waterways and garbage dumps are offloaded and burnt on privately-owned landfill sites or alongside the creek.Elected representatives, the city authorities and urban planners failed to budget for the most elementary needs of Thane, which was growing at a frenzied pace. \"It is shameful that the city that was upgraded to a corporation in 1983 does not have a dumping ground. Money is being splurged on compactors and heavy vehicles to carry the rubbish, which is disposed of in pockets at the Bhiwandi bypass, Diva, Kalwa or Gaimukh along the Ghodbunder Road. It speaks volumes about governance as the civic body has failed to introduce other means of waste disposal such as incineration and composting,'' said Nitin Deshpande, citizen activist and founder member of the Forum of Alert Citizens of Thane (FACT).With over 600 metric tones of rubbish generated daily, the corporation's tendency to rely solely on landfill sites for disposing of waste is a cause for serious concern among most citizens here.Officials said a 17-acre plot at Bhayanderpada along the Ghodbunder road is reserved for a dumping ground going by the 1991 development plan. But officials confess the builders' lobby and the not-in-my-backyard syndrome of residents staying along Ghodbunder road have led to the project being shelved.Another site at Daighar, bordering Navi Mumbai, has been elusive as villagers refused to heed to assurances from Thane civic officials about the use of hi-tech systems to dispose of garbage, which will minimize stink in the neighbourhood. \"It reflects the absence of firm-fisted governance even when it concerns the city's health and safety,\" Deshpande told TOI.The sewage treatment plant at Kopri has a 50 mld capacity and the failure to upgrade technology resulted in disposing of effluents in the creek with primary treatment. \"Not only has it proved dangerous for residents but it has harmed aquatic life too,'' a civic official said, adding that a hi-tech plant will be commissioned by March to treat and dispose of over 150 mld effluents.To cover up its failure in the planning and execution of infrastructure projects, the civic body compelled housing societies with over 200 tenements to set up their own sewage treatment plants and use it for gardening and other purposes. Sixty such units are being run by housing societies after the civic body refused to issue occupation certificates to builders if they failed to set up the plants. However, the high cost of operation and maintenance of the plants has irked residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11418282", "title": "Youth Congress activists disrupt chemists' meet", "text": "KOCHI: Youth Congress activists disrupted a meeting of the All Kerala Chemists and Druggists Association (AKCDA) organized at Hotel Dreamz here on Sunday to discuss the Drug Policy 2011. Some hotel properties were damaged in the incident.The activists said the meeting was illegal as it was held in spite of a court order assigning a commission to carry out elections to choose new AKCDA office-bearers.However, the activists dispersed when they were told that the meeting will not be held. \"We are meeting to honour our newly elected all-India office bearers,\" a couple of members came down and told the Congressmen. But, once the activists dispersed, the seminar on drug policy continued with the all India president of the organization J S Shinde addressing the gathering.He said that the association wants the government to retain the current margins to the traders in the new drug pricing policy. Shinde said that the association has no objection with the new pricing policy, provided that the government ensures that it will not affect the market share and margin of the traders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418782", "title": "Light showers and fog ahead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The maximum temperature in Chandigarh has dipped by almost seven degrees since January 1. On Sunday, the mercury settled at 18.2 degrees celsius, moving up from 15.4 degrees celsius on Saturday, which was the coldest day experienced by Tricity this winter season.Weather experts predict a couple of foggy days ahead, but only after light showers drench most of the Tricity on Monday.Shimla meteorological department director Manmohan Singh said, \"The next two to three days are expected to be foggy and some Western disturbances may hit the region by Thursday, which would cause temperature to drop further.\"After the expected light intermittent showers on Monday, visibility would drop with foggy weather in Chandigarh and surrounding areas, he added.Singh said most of next week is slated to be dry. It is only after Thursday that the Tricity may witness light rainfall for short intervals, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418131", "title": "Trio arrested by ATS gets clean chit in 13/7 case", "text": "MUMBAI: The three youths picked up from Punjab and Bihar, after the police suspected their involvement in the 13/7 blasts in Mumbai, have been given a clean chit in the terror case. However, they will remain in police custody as they are facing charges of forgery and criminal intimidation.The ATS last week arrested Qamar-e-Aalam and Abdul Wahab from Punjab and Naseem Shahejahan from Bihar after it was found that they had bought more than 14 SIM cards on forged documents. \"We have not found anything to prove their role in the Mumbai blasts case. But procuring more than a dozen SIM cards on fake papers does raise an alarm. They also do not seem to have links with the suspected IM operatives caught in Delhi,\" a senior ATS official told TOI.\"They bought the SIM cards before as well as after 13/7. The shop owners in central Mumbai who sold the cards were also summoned.\" A source said the officials suspected that the three could have been involved in the terror act as they had bought 14 SIM cards but their own mobiles were switched off a few days before July 13, 2011.The youngsters, sent to police custody till Tuesday, are mechanical engineering students and were supposed to appear for exams just two days after they were rounded up. When UP and Bihar residents met ATS chief Rakesh Maria on Friday, he assured them that injustice would not be done. The officers have requested the boys' families not to speak to the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "cop-turned-filmstarturned politician bc patil (in pic) has decided to quit the congress and lead sharad pawar's nationalist congress party in karnataka. he is confident of making its presence felt in the next elections. excerpts from an interview", "code": "11419634", "title": "'If BSY joins us, we will welcome him'", "text": "Cop-turned-filmstarturned politician BC Patil (in pic) has decided to quit the Congress and lead Sharad Pawar's Nationalist Congress Party in Karnataka. He is confident of making its presence felt in the next elections. Excerpts from an interview:What made you think of quitting the Congress when you seemed comfortable in the party?Congress has lost its dynamism . Its leaders in Karnataka have no strategies, they are stuck in the Congress culture of the Indira Gandhi era. Now the situation has changed; many leaders and parties are challenging the Congress. The party has failed to utilize potential of leaders like Siddaramaiah.After your announcement to join NCP along with 20 Congress MLAs, has there been any progress?We are firm. I'm meeting likeminded people in the Congress, BJP and the JDS, including some bigwigs in the Congress. I am in touch with Pawar and other NCP leaders. Three rounds of talks are over, one more will be held in Mumbai soon. Some technicalities have to be worked out before the final plunge.Are you planning a tie-up with BS Yeddyurappa , who is reportedly exploring various options?No tie-up with Yeddyurappa if he remains in the BJP. We are a secular party. Undoubtedly , Yeddyurappa has his own base. If he quits the BJP and forms an outfit, we could look at a tie-up . And if he decides to join the NCP, it will be a big boost. We'll welcome him with open arms. Nothing is ruled out in politics. Yeddyurappa's close friend and a senior politician from North Karnataka is said to be in touch with Pawar and other NCP leaders.What kind of a base are you looking at as most Congress MLAs being identified with the NCP are from North Karnataka?Why only North Karnataka? Many legislators hail from South Karnataka. We aren't building a party on caste and community lines. Recent urban elections in Maharashtra have proved that urban, particularly minority groups, have tilted towards the NCP. We need the support of all castes and communities. The NCP is a farmers' party with a nationalistic outlook .Is Sharad Pawar going to be the moneybag for the elections like the Reddys in 2008 for the BJP?It's nonsense comparing Pawar with mining barons. He is a statesman and a seasoned politician known for his socialistic outlook, As far as I know, Pawar has not faced any election based on sheer money power.Will people accept the NCP which has its own views on language and border issues?The NCP is a national party. It has never intervened in state affairs. It's neither like the MES nor the Shiv Sena. We are free to have our own views. If people accept the BJP which has an alliance with the Shiv Sena , they should have no qualms in accepting the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418301", "title": "Tricksters drug truck driver", "text": "NAGPUR: A truck driver and his helper were drugged by two tricksters who fled with the heavy vehicle worth Rs 8 lakh recently.Chhotelal Vishwakarma and his helper were befriended by two strangers who won their confidence before managing to spike their food. The strangers mixed some drugs in the food while preparing it in the cabin of the truck. The twosome became unconscious after consuming food. The miscreants drove away the truck with unconscious Vishwakarma and his helper whom they abandoned in a forest near Lakhni in Bhandara district.Police said that Vishwakarma approached the police after regaining consciousness. Kalamna police have registered an offence against unidentified tricksters for drugging Vishwakarma and his helper and stealing the truck.20kg ganja seizedCrime branch has arrested a 26-year-old drug peddler for possessing contraband on Saturday. Police seized 20 kilograms marijuana worth Rs 60,000 from the peddler, later identified as Amol Dabras.Dabras was caught by the crime branch's anti-narcotics cell from Nazul Layout in Jaripatka where he had gone to deliver the consignment. Police said the contraband was kept in the moped which Dabras used. The moped was seized along with a mobile phone of Dabras.An offence was registered at Jaripatka police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11418674", "title": "3D painting to meet sand art on Puri beach", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tourists and citizens of Puri will get to witness a unique 'jugalbandi' of two world class artists of two different art forms in the first week of February. Audiences will be treated to a double visual delight of 3-dimentional painting by famous American artist Tracy Lee Stum and sand sculpture by Sudarshan Pattnaik, who will perform in tandem with each other.The proposed collaborative event will be hosted by the US government in the beach town on February 4 and 5, sources said. The US Consulate of India sent a letter to the Odisha government on Saturday, seeking its cooperation to market the proposed programme across the state.\"We have received the letter from US Consulate General, Hyderabad, regarding the 'jugalbandi' programme on the beach. We will see if we can chalk out a marketing strategy for the event,\" state tourism director H S Upadhyay told TOI.Sudarshan said he is eagerly waiting to perform with the world class 3D artist. \"I have also received a communication via email about the proposed programme. It will be a great experience to work with another world class artist, though from a different sphere,\" said an elated Sudarshan. \"It will be a treat for spectators to watch the collaborative show of 3D painting and sand art,\" the globtrotting sand artist said. Some of Sudarshan's students will help Tracy in creating the interactive 3D painting. She will create the art on a concrete floor on the beach.3D painting (also known as Anamorphic art) is an illusionary 2-dimensional image that appear to be 3-dimensional when viewed from a specific point through a camera lens. Tracy, who holds a Guinness World Record for the largest chalk painting, will use chalk pastels and tempera paints to create the 3D arts.Sources said Tracy will showcase her art at various locations in the country in the coming days. Going by the event schedule on her website (www.tracyleestum.com), she is first slated to perform in Jaipur between January 23 and 26. She also has plans to visit Vellore, Kolkata and Mumbai.\"Each stop will feature unique 3D images designed specifically for that location. Workshops on 3D street painting will be conducted at each venue in an effort to foster the growth of this amazing art form in India,\" Tracy posted on her website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419485", "title": "EC sets Jan 11 deadline to drape Mayawati\u2019s statues, BSP symbol", "text": "LUCKNOW: Putting an end to the suspense surrounding the orders to cover all statues of chief minister Mayawati and elephants in the state, the Election Commission on Sunday formally announced that \"each and every statue of elephant and each and every statue of Ms Mayawati\" should be covered by 5pm on January 11.According to the orders, all statues that were constructed or erected in public places across Uttar Pradesh using government expenses will have to be covered. The Commission has also specified that all expenditure, for veiling the statues, will have to be borne by the local authorities under whose jurisdiction the statues were built or erected. The district election officers of concerned districts have also been directed to submit a compliance report in this regard to the Commission by 7pm on 11 January.On Saturday, Chief Election Commissioner SY Qureshi had said that the decision to cover all such statues was being taken so that they do not influence the minds of the electors, or disturb the level playing field during the UP assembly election. Speaking to TOI, UP's Chief Electoral Officer Umesh Sinha said, \"The order clearly states that only the statues of the CM and the BSP's election symbol -- elephant -- will be covered. Statues of prominent political figures like Mahatma Gandhi , Kanshi Ram and BR Ambedkar will not be touched.''Sinha also clarified that all statues that were built or erected using funds from the public exchequer would be veiled.In October 2010, the EC had dismissed a petition to \"freeze' ' the elephant as BSP's election symbol. In its order of 11 October, 2010, the EC had said dismissed the justification saying the Commission was in the dark as to the places where the statues, particularly of the party's symbol 'elephant' , have been installed and what is the number of such statues installed in different places in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424203", "title": "Poonam Pandey mobbed on her Shirdi trip", "text": "She's emerged as one of the most searched persons on Google last year and made headlines and hogged more than '15 seconds of fame' all through 2011.Poonam Pandey , is still getting used to her new-found popularity. The model was mobbed with fans and mediapersons in Shirdi on Sunday. Poonam, who turned up at the Shirdi Sai Baba Temple in a sombre salwar kameez, was within minutes surrounded by excited fans whom she obliged with autographs and photographs with her. It was only a matter of time before the media got a whiff of her visit and swooped in, creating a commotion. After she was back in Mumbai today morning, Poonam tweeted, \"TweetHearts!! Back from Shirdi... Will post few pix today afternoon.\" followed by another tweet , \"TweetHearts had a Gr8 time in Shirdi was Mobed by Thousands of Crowd &amp; Media ... Now ready to rock 2012.. will Post few Pix in a while.\"The model posted photographs of her visit to the temple on her official Facebook page and within an hour, the photos were spammed by comments by fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11418590", "title": "Cops warn illegal sand extractors at Tiracol", "text": "Mapusa: The Pernem police has warned sand extractors from the Tiracol river over illegal extraction. Acting on the directions of the Pernem deputy collector Ajit Panchwadkar, Pernem police inspector C L Patil called on the extractors and gave them a warning to stop illegal extraction.Though hardly 28 licences were issued in Tiracol river, the actual extraction is quantitatively on a much larger scale. Around 50-60 canoes raking in the river's bed at Kiranpani and around 300 truckloads of sand are extracted at the site almost every day, even during the monsoon. Most of the canoes operating are without license or those who hold are not renewed.The activity is also at the cost of destruction of mangroves along the Tiracol-Kiranpani river and large tracts of mangroves have been already destroyed by excessive sand extraction.Pernem deputy collector Ajit Panchwadkar along with talathi of the Paliem panchayat Prasad Naik visited the sand extraction sites and warned the sand extractors against indulging in the activity.Deputy collector has also directed the police to inspect the site regularly to bring the illegality under control.\"Complaints have reached my office regarding the illegal sand mining through motorized canoes and are also destroying the mangroves. It is a threat to around 20 - 30 houses there,\" said Panchwadkar.Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) had written to both district collectors to initiate action against illegal sand extraction.\"Complaints have also reached the GCZMA. I had directed the police to continue checks and submit the action taken report on the 5th of every month,\" Panchwadkar added.\"We had received complaints of motorized sand extraction during night resulting in sound pollution giving the residents sleepless nights. We have strictly warned them that raids will continue,\" said Patil .The activity has endangered marine life besides putting nearby residents at risk in case of high tide currents or in the event of a tsunami in the future. Some of the houses on the banks have already developed cracks in the walls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11419448", "title": "Resignation? But why? Nobody has sought it: Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Amidst continuing tensions between Pakistan's government and the army over the memo scandal , president Asif Ali Zardari has said that no one had sought his resignation to defuse the political crisis, making light of suggestions that the military had offered him an \"escape\" route.\"No one has asked for my resignation till now, I'll tell you when they ask for it,\" Zardari said in his first interview after Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz made public the alleged memo that had sought US help to stave off a possible coup in Pakistan.\"I don't think anyone in Pakistan is so innocent that he will ask for my resignation ,\" the president said in an interview. \"What will they do with my resignation? I have given my powers to parliament. Who will take them back from the parliament ?\" he asked. Zardari's remarks came against the backdrop of speculation that army was pressuring him to quit over memo row.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433735", "title": "When music took over", "text": "It was during an eventful evening at the Auto Expo 2012, when the mb.Inspired MTV Rising Stars Awards was launched.Pia Trivedi familiarised everyone present with the categories of these awards - art, literature sports and fashion. An audio-visual of Farhan Akhtar and Chetan Bhagat was also played at the do, about how they were inspired by Mercedes-Benz. They also represent the mb.Inspired initiative. Rannvijay entertained the crowd with his witty comments on how, till some time back, DJs were \"log jo shaadi mein gaana bajate hain,\" and said that thankfully now people are encouraging it as a profession.ENTERTAINMENT GALORE: The guests were treated to many entertainment sessions. The evening got livelier when the Dandekar sisters - Shibani and Apeksha - gave a short, but powerpacked performance. There was another performance by Rabbi Shergill , as part of MTV Unplugged. Rabbi told the crowd, \"This is special to me, I'm in my hometown. Just kick back and enjoy, guys.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417260", "title": "CBI bats for whistleblower", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has said that the multi-crore forestry scam in Haryana which was exposed by whistleblower Sanjiv Chaturvedi, a young forest official, is a fit case for it to investigate independently.However, the agency will require clearance from both the Centre and the state government to investigate a case that many officials have attempted to scuttle over the last five years. The green signal may be difficult to get considering that a Union government report had indicted senior officers, including some in the chief minister's office, and a minister of being complicit in either hiding facts or instead persecuting the whistleblower, including hoisting false charges on him.The note from CBI to the Central Vigilance Commission, a copy of which is in TOI's possession, says, \"The issues raised by Sanjiv Chaturvedi were analysed by CBI and were found to be worthy of an independent probe. The CBI can probe such matters provided notifications are issues by both the state and central government and the state government first files an FIR.\"The case of embezzlement of funds from a central government scheme and violation of Supreme Court orders to build a canal through a wildlife sanctuary was earlier investigated by a two-member committee of the Union environment and forests ministry which found that the officer had been falsely charge-sheeted and hounded by some senior officials and ministers in the state. It had sent the report to the state to act upon. The Congress government in the state rejected the report and instead accused the environment ministry's investigations of being malafide.When the Centre asked for the officer to be released on deputation to Delhi, the state government attacked both the officer and the central government, stating that Chaturvedi had used the cover of a whistleblower to hide his misconduct and connived with officers of the environment ministry to get his charge-sheet quashed.Environment secretary T Chatterjee, asking the CVC to identify a central government agency to investigate the scam, had noted that the state government's submissions against the ministry's report were only 'rhetorical' and without 'relevant documentary support'. He had noted that Chaturvedi had provided 'clinching evidence' but considering the state government's defiance, he had asked CVC to identify an agency. CVC took its time to write to CBI asking for its advice, which responded to say that it was a fit case for investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11418211", "title": "Paper mill flays notice, builds gas plant", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: People of Ganpati ward in Ballarpur are crying foul over the construction of gas plant of BILT Graphic Paper Private Limited - a paper mill in the town. Despite municipal council's notices to stop the construction, the paper mill management has continued to build their proposed gas plant close to residential locality.Gopal Reddy, resident of Ganpati ward, alleged in a press conference that illegal erection of the gas plant by BILT at survey No.43/2, aside his residential plot, has resulted in great inconvenience in daily routine to the people living in the ward. Ballarpur Municipal council has issued as many as eight notices to the BILT to stop the illegal construction, but the adamant management has not complied to any of those, he charged.He informed that the company has been dumping wastes including sludge, lime and other material in the area for last several years, which has raised the height of the plot, where proposed gas plant is under construction. Heavy traffic of trucks, increasing clouds of dust has added to the pollution woes and made the people's life miserable, he alleged.Reddy showed the copies of the latest notice (No.3118/2011) dated December 12, 2011, issued by Ballarpur civic authority to the paper mill management. In the notice chief officer of Ballarpur municipal council has directed the BILT management to stop of the construction work of the gas plant. The notice also charged the mill management of not carrying out construction work of the gas plant as per approved plan and hence deemed it as illegal.The notice mentions that the clarification given by the company management over the illegal construction, and the revised plan of gas plant submitted for approval is still under consideration. Hence, the chief officer directed the BILT management to remove the illegal construction and also stop work within 30 days from the date of notice.Reddy further alleged that BILT management has resorted to arm twisting tactics with the residents protesting the illegal construction. He demanded stringent action against the management and stoppage of gas plant construction work to help the residents of Ganpati ward live peacefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11419467", "title": "Bell\u2019s 1st telephone system drawing to be auctioned", "text": "An eight-page letter penned in 1878 by Scottish-born inventor Alexander Graham Bell , containing a rare picture of his first telephone system, is up for auction.The missive, being sold by New Hampshire-based RR Auction, was written by Bell to his father in 1878 after a \"lightning accident\" threatened the integrity of his fledging invention, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The letter is highlighted by a one-of-a-kind sketch of two connected telephones, with in-depth instructions to his family on a necessary safety precaution. Bell writes in the letter that he is \"quite troubled by your account of the lightning accident at Tutelo Heights.The accident shows that the earth terminals of your telephone line are defective for the current found a shorter path to the ground through two of your poles than by the proper path\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11419131", "title": "Tough action sought against all 78 doctors caught for test", "text": "INDORE: After the state government nod to initiate departmental enquiry against the government doctors found guilty in the unethical drug trials on patients, medical fraternity has raised its voice against the one-sided action of the state government.Condemning the state government's action against a selected group of doctors, MP Medical Teachers Association on Sunday in a statement to senior officials of health department demanded similar action against all the 78 doctors recommended by the Chief Medical and Health Officer.Dr P S Thakur, president, of the association said, \"The recommendations were made for all the 78 doctors who flouted the clinical trial norms. Government has taken biased decision. Whatever the recommendations were they should be made applicable for all.\" The state government slapped a trivial fine of Rs 5,000 on government doctors whereas the report included 66 private medical practioners from the city who did not follow the prescribed norms for clinical trial. The CMHO report recommended criminal action and cancellation of their registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11417518", "title": "School over, their journalistic mission is on", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was their day. They had toiled hard for months for this day to happen. And they were well dressed for the new beginning. The 23 lucky students of Times School of Journalism (2010-11 batch) put on black robes and tasselled caps to receive their diplomas on Sunday afternoon.Before handing out post-graduate diploma in journalism to the students, commissioner of police B K Gupta, the chief guest at the ceremony, said, \"Journalism is a tough profession. Journalists have no respite and they have to rush to places at odd hours. Moreover, advancement of electronic media has led to cutthroat competition in the industry.\"Once the diplomas were distributed, the names of the medalists were announced - Esha Mahajan bagged the gold medal, Kashika Saxena won silver, and the bronze went to Sanjana Saksena.Speaking at the occasion, Rahul Kansal, chief marketing officer, Bennett, Coleman and Co Ltd, said, \"Journalism is not about entering a profession, but inheriting a vocation and this is an exciting time to be a part of it.\"As soon as the ceremony concluded, the students posed for photographs with the faculty members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11419505", "title": "Now, memorial for Mullaperiyar architect in TN", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy appealed for an out-of-court settlement to the Mullaperiyar dam row, the AIADMK government reacted by announcing its decision to raise a memorial in honour of the engineer who built the structure more than a century ago.Jayalalithaa's decision to construct a memorial for Pennycuick is seen to reflect the popular sentiment in the state that the dam is structurally safe and indicate the importance her government accords to the dam, which is the source of water for Vaigai river, the lifeline for southern districts like Theni, Madurai, Sivagangai, Ramanathapuram and Dindigul.In a statement, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa said the memorial for Colonel J Pennycuick would be built in the foothills of the Periyar Tiger Reserve at a cost of Rs one crore. It will be located on the premises of an electricity board office and Pennycuick's grandson would be invited to unveil it, she said.The announcement to build a memorial and a life-size statue of the British engineer came a day after the Kerala CM convened a meeting with mediapersons from TN to discuss avenues for resolving the dispute between the two states over the stability of the 116-year-old dam. Chandy had offered to travel to Chennai for a meeting with Jayalalithaa, if she invited him.Kerala wants the dam decommissioned based on some reports that it has become weak while TN has been maintaining that the dam is safe.Jaya asserts dam is safeTN's stand has also been endorsed by the Supreme Court in the past. The issue is still pending in the apex court. The suggestion that the two CMs meet to resolve the crisis has been gaining momentum in recent days. Former President APJ Abdul Kalam , at a function in Chennai on Sunday, also endorsed the idea that the two CMs should meet and negotiate for a settlement.However, the Tamil Nadu CM reasserted on Sunday that the dam was safe. It was constructed using materials like lime and surki based on the principle of gravity. The dam was designed to withstand tremors and therefore the \"dam is strong even today and will remain so for several hundred years,\" she said.But for Pennycuick constructing a dam across Mulla and Periyar rivers to divert the water to Tamil Nadu , much of the water from these rivers would have flowed to the Arabian Sea and been wasted, she said. People in TN's southern districts are dependent on it for both drinking and irrigation purposes.Jayalalithaa pointed out that people from the south had demanded a memorial for the dam's architect. Pennycuick was a military engineer in the British Army. He was moved by the sufferings of peasants who struggled to eke out a living amidst repeated droughts in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu. He proposed a dam at Thekkady to divert water to Vaigai. The project was given approval by the then British governor in Chennai, Lord Connemara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11418866", "title": "New equations make campaigning difficult", "text": "VARANASI: Changes in areas of assembly constituencies following delimitation have reshuffled caste equations and changes have also taken place in the elector rolls. Also, strict implementation of model code of conduct is being ensured. This has left the candidates of almost all political parties sweating in this cold weather over how to undertake poll campaigning.During the process of delimitation, parts of Mughalsarai constituency were merged in Cantonment assembly constituency. Some parts of Cantonment assembly were merged in City South and Rohania assembly constituencies. A large part of City North assembly area was transferred to Shivpur and Cantonment assembly constituencies. A major part of the Chiraigaon assembly area, which lost its existence, is now a part of the Shivpur assembly area while some part of it was merged in Ajgara (reserved) assembly constituency. The Gangapur assembly constituency also lost its existence and its major area was merged with Sevapuri and Rohania assembly constituencies. Parts of Aurai have also been merged with Sevapuri assembly constituency.Changes in the areas of assembly constituencies following delimitation process also resulted in major changes in caste equations. The report on caste-wise voters prepared by some government agencies reveals that the Sevapuri assembly constituency has now become other backward caste (OBC) dominated where some forward castes like Bhumihar and Brahmins will play a balancing role. The OBC and scheduled caste voters are about equal in strength in Shivpur assembly constituency. Ajgara, the reserved assembly constituency, surely houses a big population of SC votes but the Brahmins and Yadav voters are also in impressive number in this constituency. The OBC are dominant in Rohania and Pindra assembly constituencies.But, the major change was visible in City South assembly constituency which was known as the citadel of Bharatiya Janata Party as the voters from minority have become dominant here due to which secular parties are flexing muscles here to end monopoly of saffron brigade this time. This change in City South assembly area has resulted in reducing the number of minority votes in City North assembly constituency. But, situation in Cantonment assembly constituency is not very different from City South due to which the BJP will face a serious challenge from rivals.The changes in these equations brought by delimitation process is not only a problem for the political parties and their candidates but changes in the elector rolls of all the eight assembly constituencies are also increasing challenges for them. More than 27,000 names have been removed from the elector roll of the district due to deaths of those persons while over 77,000 have moved from their old addresses. A majority of shifting of voters to other areas has taken place from Cantonment, City South and City North assembly constituencies while maximum number of inclusion of new names in the elector roll has also taken place in the same assembly areas. This is going to make canvassing difficult for all candidates in the assembly constituencies which houses the urban belt of the district.In the changed scenario, the political parties and their candidates have invested huge money on hoarding, banners and posters to make their faces familiar among voters. But, their bid was foiled due to the strict implementation of model code of conduct immediately after the issuance of notification of assembly polls by the election commission. The election officials increased problems for all those candidates by removing their hoardings, banners and posters and also by lodging FIRs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418589", "title": "Saplings presented to parents of newborn girls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In keeping with the mission of Nanhi Chaan, an initiative of a Mohali-based foundation to help save the environment and promote the cause of girl child, a number of events were held on Saturday.Saplings were displayed at the counter in the hospital and presented to patients/attendants blessed with girl child. To help save the environment, senior doctors and administrative staff planted a large number of saplings in the hospital, also.Zonal director of the hospital, Col H S Chehal said, \"Nanhi Chhaan aims at generating an understanding of the issues of an inverse gender ratio and depleting tree cover, as a part of the global arena of women's and environmental issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11418613", "title": "Govt should plan educational reforms before June: GSHA", "text": "PANAJI: More than half-a-dozen 'educational reforms' introduced midway through the current academic year has left schools afraid that they will have to battle similar conditions in the academic year 2012-13.In what could be a repeat of the no-fail policy debacle, school heads want the state to plan new projects ahead of the new academic year and are preparing to protest if they are put through hardships due to poor planning again.\"Last year, the no-fail policy was implemented after the previous academic year's results were ready and schools were asked to alter results and promote students belatedly. The Continuous Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) method was also introduced after the academic year 2011-12 had begun. This put schools through a lot of hardships. It leads to confusion,\" said Sanjeev Sawant, president, Goa School Headmasters' Association.He said that other than the 'no-detention policy' and the CCE method introduced mid-way through the present academic year, in the year 2010-11 too, the state had implemented the sports policy and the grading system after the schools had re-opened for the year.\"Environmental studies had also been introduced after the academic year had started,\" Sawant said. School heads are expecting that the problem will be more acute in the new academic year.\"The year 2013 is the last as per the deadline provided by the central government to implement provisions like full-day schooling and other reforms of the Right to Education Act. This means that the government is bound to introduce the changes in June 2012. Also, the general assembly elections are coming up and one will have to wait for the new education minister to be appointed to begin the planning,\" Sawant said.\"We do not have problems with any of the reforms. Only we want the state government to plan ahead so that the studies are not disrupted. We want the state to inform us of the changes they want to introduce before the academic year 2012-13 begins,\" Sawant said. He said that the school heads are yet to receive the state rules for RTE as they had been promised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423123", "title": "It\u2019s party time for Mrunal Jain!", "text": "TV actor Mrunal Jain is one lucky guy. He doesn't have one reason to party but two. A new show and his birthday. It's Mrunal's birthday today and he is having a blast.Mrunal debuted as Shree Krishna in with television show 9X's Kahaani Hamaari Mahabharat Ki but got lot of recognition with his show Imagine's Looteri Dulhan. He was also seen in Bandhini.Mrunal who is currently seen in Zee TV's Hitler Didi opposite Rati Pandey turns a year older and is flooded with phone calls and messages from friends, family members, fans and co-actors. He is busy responding to all the wishes and is enjoying all the special attention he is getting today.He says, \"It's a chilled out birthday for me. The weather is so plesant here. And winters in Mumbai is a very rare things. With such an amazing weather and a good reason to party, I want to make the most out of today. My friends have planned a birthday party for me tonight. I am enjoying every minute and and my birthday wish is to find the right life partner. I don't want to be single forever,\" he laughs.So we are sure now all you girls know where to apply!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11420731", "title": "Govt sets target to skill 500 million people by 2022", "text": "The Indian government has set a target to skill 500 million people by 2022. Diptiman Dewan finds out the steps taken till now to achieve the goal.In India, approximately 12.8 million people join the job market every year. This number comprises people who are highly skilled, who form a minuscule part, and who are semiskilled or not skilled. The last category is the bulk of the population entering the workforce every year. The current skill capacity of the country is about five million - a deficit of more than seven million annually.Dilip Chenoy, CEO, National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC), which was set up as part of the government's national skill development mission , says, \"Skilling 500 million people by 2022 is a challenge. The 34 training partners that we have approved of till now will put in a capacity of 11.2 million per year. We might even create excess capacity in the short-term , which will even out in the forthcoming years.\"A large number of companies engaged in skill education in the country are fully or partly funded by NSDC. For a project to be approved, says Chenoy, it must meet certain criteria.\"The first requirement is scale. We evaluate if the promoter has experience in developing scale, if the model is scalable , and whether it is financially feasible . The second criterion is that 70% of the people that are trained should get employment - and if there is a mechanism in place in the proposal to ensure that. Third, the training should be industry relevant, and the model, sustainable ,\" he says.Considering the fact that only about 20% of college graduates today are deemed employable, Santanu Paul, CEO, TalentSprint, feels that for a country that produces close to 30 lakh graduates every year, there is a major issue if 24 lakh are unemployable. \"Consider the irony: by 2020, the number of college graduates is expected to rise between 75 lakh and one crore annually; in the same period, research shows that about one crore new jobs will be created in the IT/BFSI segment. Although it looks like a perfect demand-supply balance , 80% of the resource will be unemployable . Hence, the urgency for skill development and employability,\" explains Paul.Vijay Thadani, CEO, NIIT Ltd , which runs NIIT Yuva Jyoti (NYJ), a joint venture between NIIT and NSDC, says that NYJ aims to provide industry and jobspecific training to around 70 lakh Indians by 2022 across sectors like retail, IT/ITES, banking and financial services, education and training, media and entertainment , healthcare, telecom and hospitality.Though the 500-million target is stiff, experts in the field believe that it is achievable. As Manish Sabharwal, CEO, TeamLease, points out, \"Our demographic dividend will become a demographic debt if we do not achieve the targets of the National Skill Policy.\"Some companies are also focusing on the growth of entrepreneurs. Muralidhar Rao, CEO, Future Learning, a Future Group company, says that they have factored entrepreneurs in the skill plan.Out of a target of 7 million people to be skilled, 5.6 million will be placed/employed , while 1.4 million will be self-employed , who will in turn, generate more employment through their businesses. The company is looking at providing training in the unorganised sector like carpentry, masonry, besides the sectoral skill development.In accordance with the government's National Policy on Skill Development, NSDC is setting up sector skill councils, to create a labour market information system and assess market demand and type of jobs available, ensure that people passing out of these institutes are industry-ready , among others. Seven sector skills councils have been approved to date while another 30 are in different phases of implementation.Overseas partnerships and collaborations are also an important step, which result in the exchange of learning. \"Our first engagement was with the UK in the area of sector skills councils where experts from the UK worked with us to develop the Indian model of the councils . Agencies and experts from Germany , Australia, Canada, France and Japan, besides Switzerland , are also looking to work with us. We plan to join forces and take the initiative ahead towards fruition,\" concludes Chenoy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11419060", "title": "Mastermind in Patwari murder case arrested", "text": "INDORE: Police arrested the mastermind in the sensational Patwari murder case after three months, Bhanupratap Singh Rathore aka Baba Bhaskaranand Ji Maharaj, from Dhar district on Sunday. Police had announced a reward of Rs 15,000 on him.Police said that during interrogation, he confessed that his desire to marry the wife of patwari prompted him to commit the murder of Lavdas Bairagi.City Superintendent of Police (CSP) Dilip Singh Tomar and his team arrested Baba from the colony where parents of the deceased Patwari Lavdas Bairagi reside in Dhar district. On Sunday morning police rounded up his rented house and arrested him.\"He was residing there in disguise and in a new name Eknath. After visiting 10 cities across the country, he had decided to settle in near the family of the deceased, believing that police will not search the area and find him out,\" said the CSP adding that the accused had shifted there three days ago.'A railway driver, Anand Prakash posted in Ujjain regularly updated the accused about the police move. We followed railway driver for some time and finally traced the accused,\" he said. Cops recovered 10 SIM cards and 10 mobile phones and a laptop from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418935", "title": "NID cheers aspirants in wake of admission controversy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The National Institute of Design (NID) concluded its entrance test called Design Aptitude Test (DAT) on Sunday. The institute not only allowed students, who were earlier rejected, to appear in the test but also allotted extra time to students who were late.While DAT for the undergraduate (UG) programme was held on Saturday, the entrance test concluded on Sunday after tests for the post-graduate (PG) programmes were conducted.A large number of students who applied for two PG programmes this year had only submitted one set of documents. As a result of this procedural lapse, the institute denied permission to these students to appear in more than one discipline. On Sunday, however, the institute authorities softened their stand. NID officials called up the 'rejected' applicants and informed them that they could appear in the tests.\"I was pleasantly surprised when the institute called me up to inform that I can appear in the entrance test for the discipline of Transportation and Automobile Design as well,\" said Vivek Chondagar, one of the candidates applying for the PG programmes at NID. The student had applied for Product Design as well as Transportation and Automobile Design, but was rejected from appearing in the test for the second discipline as he had submitted only one set of documents.There were around 20 such candidates at the LD engineering college, which was one of the 11 centers where the test was held. Some of the students who did not arrive on the specified time to appear in the test were allotted extra time of up to half an hour.Talking about the special arrangement, registrar of NID, Vijaya Deshmukh, said, \"Out of the many students who applied for two disciplines, we had rejected a total of around 100 students from across the country as they submitted only a single set of documents. We, however, made the arrangements for them to take the test later on as we did not want these students to miss the opportunity.\"While the UG programme received around 5,000 applicants, the number was 3,000 for the PG programme this year. In the Ahmedabad centre, 750 candidates for the UG programme and 450 students for the PG programme appeared for the test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11417997", "title": "Snowfall on Punjab border", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Residents of the Kangra valley were taken unawares on Saturday morning when white snowflakes started showering from the sky, belying all predictions of the weathermen. It was after around five decades that such a snowfall was witnessed in the region. Snow also lashed Chintpurni, three hours from Chandigarh.Kangra valley, located 650m above sea level, has been witnessing frosty weather for the last two days but there was no prediction of snow shower in Kangra and adjacent areas beyond Dharamshala.Lying in the foothills of the Dhauladhar ranges, Kangra town has never received such a snowfall in recent memory but old timers recalled that a mild snowfall was witnessed in 1960 and 1964.\"I remember that I was on the way to school at that time in 1964 when snowfall occurred in Kangra town but it was mild. Today, the snowfall has broken all records. I have never experienced such a heavy snowfall here,\" said Ramesh Thakur, a retired naib tehsildar from Kangra town.Many areas near the Kangra valley like Baijnath and Palampur also received snowfall. Snowing started on Saturday around 8.30am and it continued till 1.00pm, resulting in 3 to 4 inches of thick white sheet over the whole area.\"It was for the first time that I saw snow pouring down. It is really a wonderful experience, rather it is a gift of New Year for me and my kids,\" said Akshay, a local resident. The Dhauladhar ranges also experienced heavy spell of snowfall. Many areas in Kangra district received snowfall for the first time, which sent the residents there into a joyous mood.In Nurpur, Chintpurni, Nadaun, Shahpur and Jawalamukhi areas of Kangra district, snowfall was witnessed for the first time since weather records were maintained.Jubilation started after snowing stopped in the noon. Frolicking children made snowballs and threw them at each other. Tourists also enjoyed themselves in the icy blanket.All flights from Kangra were grounded. Due to the poor weather and the snow at the Kangra airport, the Delhi-Dharamshala flight was cancelled this morning. \"There was more than 2 inch thick sheet of snow on the runway and therefore the flight was cancelled,\" said Kuldip Kumar Sharma, airport director.The white blizzard in the famous tourist destination of Dalhousie on Saturday, threw normal life out of gear. The heavy spell of snowfall crippled life, forcing locals and tourists to remain indoors. Also, there were no worthwhile traffic until evening as weather conditions barred vehicles from plying, with roads remaining under heavy snow cover. Record-breaking snowfall in Kullu-Manali and Lahaul-Spiti also brought traffic to a standstill.In Shimla too, there was a fresh spell of snowfall, forcing the mercury to plummet further. Jammu and Kashmir also experienced medium to heavy snowfall since Friday night, resulting in blockade of the state's national highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "11418512", "title": "Family mourns a beloved daughter-in-law", "text": "TUTICORIN: The death of Nithya, wife of autorickshaw driver Mahesh, who died due to complications during the surgery and subsequent events which jolted the entire medical fraternity, has shattered the joint family living together. Nithya was a beloved daughter-in-law for K Rajapandian and Kanagalakshmi, who had three sons Suresh, Ramesh and Mahesh. The couple had no daughters. Mahesh and Nithya married on June 12, 2011, and she had earned the love of the family within a short time.During a visit to Mahesh's house in Avudayapuram, a narrow residential area near Tutucorin old bus stand, neighbours recounted Nithya as a silent and loving girl in the locality. The house stands deserted as Mahesh's brothers and mother were away to meet him in prison while Rajapandian is anxiously waiting at his lawyer's office in another area of the town to discuss Mahesh's case.Rajeswari, Mahesh's sister-in-law, who has been left to take care of the house, says the family is distraught after losing Nithya. \"It has been three days since we cooked anything at home or anybody being in the house. Nithya had been to her mother's house last week, where she developed swelling of limps and urinary complications. We thought they will be back home after treatment on December 30, but everything has drastically changed,\" she says.\"She was an angel who kept the home alive. I am thinking about selling the house after her demise. Ever since she came home, never for a moment did she cease to take care of the house and other things. Each memory of her torments the entire family, besides the arrest of our son,\" says Rajapandian, fighting back his tears.Veeralakshmi, living next to Mahesh's house, said Nithya was a good girl. Though it was an arranged marriage, she quickly got acquainted with the family as well as the neighbourhood. Her sudden demise and subsequent incidents have ruined the peace of the family, she said.Rajapandian's family strongly cites wrong treatment and medical negligence from Sethulakshmi's side, claiming that Nithya's condition worsened after an injection prescribed by her was administered to his daughter-in-law. \"She was not critical when she was taken to hospital because she walked to hospital. She started suffering respiratory problems after the injection was administered to her,\" Rajeswari recalled.Nithya was taken into the operation theatre by 5.30 pm. Meanwhile, the family was asked to procure medicines from a nearby private hospital. They were also asked to pay Rs 10,000 for surgery, he said. When they had not returned till 8 pm, the family got tense and Rajapandian and Mahesh entered the theatre forcibly. \"What we saw shocked us to the core. The foetus was placed in a small tray while Nithya was unconscious with her abdomen yet to be stitched. Mahesh was gazing at the foetus for a very long time, alarmingly in silence,\" Rajapandian narrates. The family, upon the advice of the doctor, took Nithya to another private hospital where she was declared dead. \"Now I am worried about my son in prison. I am scared his life will be in danger because of the pressure put on the government by these doctors. It is an irony that the doctors are asking for protection while we poor people need protection from these greedy doctors. When she felt she could not handle the case, she could have referred it to another hospital and we would have saved both lives,\" Rajapandian laments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418533", "title": "PU's tie up with Markfed raises eyebrows", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A tie up by Panjab University (PU) with Punjab marketing federation \"Markfed\" for ensuring standard quality of food served in the messes and keep a tab on the goods prices has raised eyebrows as PU authorities have forgotten to invite tenders from interested parties. Instead they have straightaway decided to give this contract to Punjab government-owned Markfed.\"Markfed is known for its fair trade practices and good quality food products. We have not invited any tenders as we believe that PU will get the best deal from them. Some Punjab government officials had approached us to strike this deal,\" professor Amrik Singh Ahluwalia, PU's dean students' welfare, told TOI.\"So far, we have held two meetings with Markfed officials. We are contemplating buying tea-leaves, salt and flour from them. They are very enthusiastic and offered us to provide grocery right at our doorstep,\" stated Ahluwalia.According to the proposal, Markfed will supply grocery to all hostel messes at controlled rates. After the contract is signed, no grocery item would be purchased from the local shops and all mess contractors will be bound to use Markfed products. If any contractor tries to buy from outside, then strict action will be taken against him, reads the proposal.\"Our basic aim is to get good quality grocery at subsidized rates. By not inviting tenders how can you select the best party. Now, if we get sub-standard products at cheaper price then the whole process will be futile,\" Ashok Goyal, PU senate and syndicate member, told TOI.While commenting on the issue, PU syndicate member Rabindernath Sharma said, \"Everything should be open for public and be done in the most transparent manner. This issue directly pertains to hundreds of students.\"There are 16 hostels, seven for boys and nine for girls, inside PU campus. Over 6,000 students stay there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11419124", "title": "Bhanwari's son identifies her watch", "text": "JODHPUR: In another breakthrough for the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) towards identification of Bhanwari Devi's belongings which were recovered from Rajiv Gandhi Link canal at Jaloda village on Saturday, her son Sahil on Sunday identified the watch and earring.\"Sahil has identified the watch and earring belonging to her mother,\" confirmed sources. He was called by the CBI to Circuit House for identification of these items. He was also taken to the Jodhpur Central jail to his father Amarchand, who has been lodged there since December 22.The identification of watch and earring by Sahil also confirmed the statement of Kailash Jakhar that they had thrown Bhanwari's watch in the canal along with other material.A team of forensic experts also inspected the Scorpio of Kailash Jakhar, which was reportedly used for transporting Bhanwari to Jaloda village for final disposal. \"Some pieces of seats and cover have been taken by them,\" told sources.On the other hand, the CBI remand of Om Prakash will be over on Monday. He was arrested on December 30 from Barmer and was remanded to CBI custody till January 9.According to sources, the CBI may record the statement of any one of these three accused before the magistrate and in all probability, it might be Om Prakash. Before this, the CBI has recorded the statements of Farookh, Amarchand and Sahiram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418081", "title": "Gopichand's children set to extend legacy", "text": "NAGPUR: Pullela Gopichand may have been in Seoul accompanying Saina Nehwal as coach but his mind must have been in Vijayawada where both his children were participating in a national-level badminton tournament for the first time.Gopichand's eight-year-old daughter Gayatri and son Sai Vishnu, who is one and half years younger to her sister, were the cynosure of all eyes during the ongoing All India Sub-Junior (U-13 and U-15) Major Ranking Badminton tournament at Vijayawada.Although, both Gayatri and Sai Vishnu could not match the heroics of their parents - Gopichand and PVV Lakshmi - the siblings won hearts of everyone with their talent.Gayatri, who will turn 9 on March 4, earned her place in the U-13 girls singles main draw by winning her qualifying matches to become one of the youngest player to advance. However, second seed Deepthi Ramesh of Nagpur stopped the impressive run of Gayatri, a Standard III student, in the second round with a 21-5, 21-13 win.One of the youngest participants of the six-day tourney, Vishnu, however, could not make it to the U-13 boys singles main draw as he lost in the qualifying stages to a much older rival.Defeats of her children hardly mattered for Lakshmi as she termed it as the learning phase.\"The main aim behind their participation was to get some exposure. It is not me or Gopi who forced them to take part, instead they only insisted on playing and since Vijayawada is near to Hyderabad we readily accepted their request,\" Lakshmi told TOI on Friday.Former National champion Lakshmi, who spent around six years in Vijayawada during her playing career, also got a chance to catch up with her friends. \"My kids' participation helped me meet some of my old friends. At the tournament venue, they obviously got a special attention because of us. Several parents on their own came to meet me and inquired about Gayatri and Vishnu. That gave me a strange feeling,\" said Olympian Lakshmi.\"Gayatri did well in couple of district-level tournaments but she has not yet participated in the state tourneys. I think they both are still very young and probably from next year, I will have to take them regularly for sub-junior tournaments in India,\" added Lakshmi.The star siblings practice regularly at their father's academy in Hyderabad where India's best talent also train.\"Badminton is in their blood. It is natural for them as they are following on the footsteps of their great parents. I have been watching them play since last couple of years. Believe me they play well despite their tender age,\" said Arundhati, a trainee of Gopichand.Going by the early trends, it seems Gayatri and Vishnu will carry on the Gopichand's legacy in the years to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418943", "title": "Medical student missing from Odhav found from Kalupur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 24-year old girl who went missing from Odhav on Friday night was found from Kalupur railway station on Sunday morning. She told in her statement to police that she lost consciousness and does not know where she was the whole of Saturday.According to Odhav police officials, they registered a missing person's report on Saturday for Unnati Dobariya, 24, a resident of Girnar Society in Varachha, Surat. Unnati had completed her MBBS from BJ Medical College in the Civil hospital campus and was to appear in entrance exam for post-graduate courses on Sunday. She used to live with her uncle Ramesh Badmari in Odhav.\"As per her father's statement, she had boarded a private bus for Ahmeadabad and got down at Thakkarnagar office of the travel company at 8.30 pm on Friday. She then hired a shared autorickshaw. After that, nobody could trace her. As she did not come home till midnight, her uncle first informed her family and then police about the incident. On Saturday a complaint was filed,\" said an Odhav police official.The officials said that Unnati came to the police station on Sunday morning. \"As per her statement, she had boarded the autorickshaw with a woman and two other men as her co-passengers. On way to her uncle's place she lost consciousness. When she woke up, she found herself at the railway station. Her mobile phone, cash and jewellery were gone. However, she claimed that no physical harassment was done,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418610", "title": "NOC applications pile up at RLA office", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With increasing number of cases in which other states crack a whip against the owners of Chandigarh registered vehicles, being used in other states without intimating the RTO concerned or paying road tax, the Chandigarh registration &amp; licensing authority (RLA) has witnessed a sudden increase in applications for no objection certificates (NOCs).Sources at RLA said, \"Around 30 to 40 applications for NOCs are being received every month from residents of other cities, particularly from Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore, for their Chandigarh registered vehicle in order to get a registration number from the present states.\"An owner of a Chandigarh registered SUV was slapped a fine of Rs 26 lakh four days ago for not declaring his vehicle, registered in Chandigarh, at Mumbai RTO and driving it in Mumbai for over a year without paying the road tax.RLA sources said the Pune resident is a businessman and has an office in Chandigarh, which made it convenient for him to register his costly SUV here. RLA sources maintained if a vehicle is taken to another state, the owner is supposed to declare it to the respective RTO and pay the local road tax.A senior RLA official said, \"The authorities in Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore are vigilant towards the use of vehicles registered in other states. In the case of Pune resident, his SUV had been moving around for over eight months on Mumbai roads.\"The official said such cases generally come up with businessmen and defense personnel, who register their vehicles with RLA Chandigarh due to the presence of their sub-offices here but their work is transferable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "11419307", "title": "Rs 12cr for each assembly constituency: CM", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: All five assembly constituencies in the district will get Rs 12 crore each as special grant to take up development works and under Appendix-C the government has released Rs 79.55 crore to develop PWD roads in the district.Announcing this at a function to unveil B R Ambedkar's statue in front of the zilla panchayat and to lay a foundation stone for various developmental activities, here on Sunday, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda said he is treating this district as his own, because through this, he has become chief minister of the state.He said Naxal-infested areas will be provided with basic amenities like foot-bridges, drinking water and that he firmly believes that only through development of these areas can Naxalite activities be contained.Allaying fears that more areas abutting the forests will be converted into eco-sensitive zones, he said except for Bhadra Wildlife Sanctuary and Kudremukh National Park area, the government has withdrawn the proposal for extension of eco-sensitive zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11412209", "title": "Salman Khan praises Katrina Kaif", "text": "Salman Khan had to coax his Ek Tha Tiger co-star Katrina Kaif to give her best takes for the particularly intense scenes.If she got it right in one take, he would take her out for dinner that night. Kat believed him and gave it her best. So was Sallu a Khan of his word? Apparently so. Our source says that during their stay in Istan-bul, he took her out on every single night to various restaurants in town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418693", "title": "Getting death certificates a hurdle for citizens", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) tall claims to provide birth and death certificates within 24 hours has once again proved to be a farce.Social activist Shaheed Sharif, who had submitted an application for the death certificate of his uncle on January 6, said \"Officials at the citizen facility centre (CFC) said that certificates are not being issued due to technical problems with e-Governance. After the death of any person, family members have to submit the death certificates in several departments. Citing one reason or the other, the staffers make the applicants hop from one table to another. Staffers at CFC were busy listening to songs and ignoring me.\"Sharif was also inconvenienced in getting the corrected birth certificate of his younger brother's children two years ago. His brother Raza who resides in Australia was made to run from pillar to post to get some corrections done in the birth certificates of his two sons - Danish and Dilshad. To protest this harassment, Sharif had banged his forehead against the table in the chamber of the CFC chief in August 2009.\"Certificates have been issued through e-Governance since December 10, 2011. The officials concerned have informed that the system may not be available for two days. It had nothing to do with the birth and death registration department. The CFC too does not come under our department,\" said an official.Later, it was learnt that the main server of the e-governance cell developed some technical problems within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417246", "title": "Election campaigns reach doorsteps", "text": "MUMBAI: When it comes to civic elections, campaigning means interacting with voters at the doorstep.Unlike parliamentary or assembly polls, civic body elections rarely see big rallies. Parties admit this time they will have to face uncomfortable questions from the electorate due to mounting anger against poor civic services. Thus, political parties are leaving no stone unturned, from organizing training sessions to screening documentaries and distributing calendars.The opposition is sticking its neck out to highlight the \"misrule\" of the ruling alliance. In door-to-door campaigning, the Congress is likely to drop the 'Please vote for us' tagline. The Congress would prefer to come across as a party which is ready to listen to problems plaguing all Mumbaikars.Young Turks of the party, like Nitesh Rane, have hit the roads. He has completed a padyatra covering parts of the western suburbs. On Sunday, Rane's Swabhiman Sanghatana organized a documentary at a Jogeshwari slum highlighting the 'water mafia' network in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation. The documentary, likely to be circulated in wards suffering from water shortage, projects how the tanker mafia is making money with the administration's connivance, says Rane. \"101%, we will face difficult questions when we meet voters. But the larger point is that voters should know our intentions. They know how the ruling alliance has failed,\" said Rane.The Congress is likely to cash in on the anger that has been brewing against the Shiv Sena . Acknowledging that the MNS will play an important role, Congress workers say infighting may affect the poll outcome. \"The biggest problem is ticket distribution, which will be at the last moment,\" said a party worker from Kurla.The Sena is gung-ho about its achievements. Sitting corporators have come out with booklets listing their achievements of five years, which will act as report cards when the party decides tickets.The party has organized a training session for people's representatives on Tuesday. Sena leader Rahul Shewale said, \"We know we will be asked difficult questions but we are absolutely equipped. We have been working on our strategies for a while now.\"The party plans to reach out to women with issues like inflation. \"Women are more concerned about price rise and issues concerning their homes,\" said a Sena party worker.The party may organize two rallies in February with star campaigners. The MNS too plans to target women; last week, the party roped in TV actor Swapnil Joshi for a game-show in Sewri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11427256", "title": "Number se mera kya hoga?: Vidya Balan", "text": "It is not only her stellar performances that she has proved time and again, Vidya Balan has a great sense of humour, too.Shedding off her seductive 'dirty' avatar, as soon as Vidya stepped on the stage as a 'pregnant' woman to unveil the first look of her upcoming mystery film Kahaani, pointing at her 'pregnancy' Vidya giggled - \"\" Yahi hota hai dirty hone ka nateeja \" (This is the result of playing dirty). When Vidya was asked whether she would be interested in doing item numbers now that most of the top heroines are doing it, Vidya's prompt response was - \"\"I have already played the item girl... aur number se mera kya hoga ?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11419114", "title": "Annigeri skulls: Site owner sells land, officials in a fix", "text": "DHARWAD: The site in Annigeri where the human skulls were found deposited in near columns is back in the news. While the district administration and the Archeology Survey of India (ASI) are busy roping in the international research agencies to determine the age and sex of the skulls, it is reliably learnt that the owner of the site has quietly sold the land to another party. While the department of archaeology and museums wanted the site to be protected, the revenue authorities are in a fix, unable to prevent the owner of the site from selling it to another party. Sources said the site was sold on January 2 to a private party by the owner and the sale deed was registered at the office of the Sub-Registrar in Navalgund.While the officials at the department of archeology and museums claimed that they had sought the site measuring one acre to be acquired by the government, DC Darpan Jain said it could be done only after following due process. Speaking to The Times of India Darpan Jain said he had not received any communication from the department of archaeology regarding land acquisition till date.There is a board installed by the archaeology department describing the area as protected. \"It does not bar the owner from parting with the land to another party. Whoever is the owner, once we decide to acquire the land we will follow proper procedure and take it over,\" Jain said. He clarified that the sub-registrar had not brought the matter to his notice before registering the land in the name of the new owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419702", "title": "Dogs maul 4-year-old rag-picker", "text": "BANGALORE: Less than a week after a five-year-old boy knocked on the doors of the Karnataka high court seeking compensation of Rs 5 lakh for being bitten by street dogs, a pack of strays attacked a fourand-a-half-year-old at Sarakki Circle, off Kanakapura Road, on Sunday morning.The dogs bit the toddler on his face and mauled him. Passersby hurled stones at the dogs and chased them away.Selva, a rag-picker living in Puttenahalli, was at the garbage dump in Sarakki Circle around 10am when the stray dogs pounced on him. They bit his nose and tore away a piece of flesh on his face before passersby could rush to the boy's rescue. The boy was rushed to Sanjay Gandhi hospital in Jayanagar 4th T Block.A doctor told TOI: \"He has been badly bitten on the face. We have cleaned up the wounds and given him an anti-rabies injection. The wounds will start healing in another four days.\"Selva has no father and lives with his handicapped mother in a slum near Puttenahalli. He has been forced into rag-picking in the face of abject poverty.Only last Tuesday, the Karnataka high court had admitted a PIL seeking a directive to BBMP to rein in the stray dog menace. The petitioners were a five-year-old dog bite victim, Jishnu, and his mother , Vidya P. The PIL had sought a directive to BBMP to get its act together on the proliferating garbage dumps in the city.Horror stories so farOn July 6, 2011 five-yearold Jishnu was attacked by a pack of stray dogs in front of his residence in Yelahanka New Town. The dogs bit him on the head and tore away a part of his scalp before he was rescued by a neighbour.11-year old Chethan Gowda from Yelahanka was bitten on July 24, 2011 when he was walking with his friends to a tuition class in the neighbourhood.Two-and-half-year-old Sandeep was found dead in Yelahanka 5th phase, while he was asleep beside his father at the basement of Sneha Prakash hospital. It was suspected that stray dogs had attacked him.A pack of five dogs mauled 18-month-old S Prashanto to death at Bagalur near Bengaluru International Airport early morning on January 12, 2011. He died by the time his parents and neighbours managed to drive away the dogs and rescue him. The incident happened at a construction site where the boy's father worked as a watchman.No less than eight people were attacked and bitten by stray dogs in two different incidents on November 15, 2011. In Ashwathpura near Dasarahalli, seven-year-old Manjunath was mauled to death by stray dogs. Seven hours later, seven people were attacked by another pack of dogs in the same locality, among which there was another sevenyear-old kid, Shivakumar, who suffered bites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423089", "title": "News for film lovers", "text": "This news will surely put a smile on the face of filmmakers. Purulia is organizing an International Film Festival from 4th Feb, 2012 to 6th Feb, 2012.This festival is dedicated to Tarhek Masud, who breathed huis last in massive road accident. He had gifted film lovers some good films. Out of all the films to be screened at this festival, Matir Moina will find a place here. The film had been appreciated worldwide in different film festivals.The festival will be inaugurated by the eminent director Buddhadeb Dasgupta. Uro Chithi, Antardhan, Mondo Meyer Upakhyan, Janala and Aagunpakhi along with several other films will be screened at the festival.Subhrajit Mitra the director of Aagunpakhi is happy that his film is finally seeing the light of day. Talking about his project he says, \"Aagunpakhi (The Phoenix ) is a topical story of our troubled times, the film has made an attempt to explore the nuances of age old human struggle for justice. written &amp; directed by Subhrajit Mitra, Aagunpakhi (The Phoenix) is a film that raises many a question that remains unanswered on today's society and system. The film has an ensemble star cast of Rituparna Sengupta , Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Shrreya Pande, Rajesh Sharma, Shantilal Mukherjee, Kharaj Mukherjee, Sagnik, Anindya &amp; Ankita. Rana Dasgupta, ace cinematographer has captured the vivid landscapes and emotions through his lens, Debkanta Chakrabarty, a veteran and noted Film Editor from FTII has edited the Aagunpakhi (The Phoenix) and the art direction is by Goutam Basu.The music is composed by ace music director Kalyan Sen Barat and Lopamudra Mitra has rendered Tagore's \"Ebar tor mora gaang-e baan esechhe, joy maa bole bhasha tori\" in her soulful voice.\" The film was censored almost 2 yrs back. \"Producers wanted to release the film at that point of time but could not because of the Political intervention. The film was tagged as \" the content is not fit for the theatrical release as of now\". I've seen that hand note on our application , I don't want to name by whom, and enter into a blame game. After the Political Change Producers are trying once again to release the film. Still the cans remain in the custody of Reliance Media works, Mumbai. We could not even send the film to the National Film Award,\" the director signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418170", "title": "New-year haul: 25kg of ephedrine seized", "text": "CHENNAI: In the first new-year haul, directorate of revenue intelligence (DRI) sleuths netted ephedrine worth Rs 5 crore from a train on Sunday morning.Two persons smuggling the party drug were arrested from the Mumbai Express bound for Chennai and the third waiting for them at the Chennai Central was nabbed later.DRI officers were tipped off that ephedrine would be sneaked into Chennai from Mumbai on train 11027 and would be flown to Malaysia.To snare the smugglers, the officers headed to Renigunta in Andhra Pradesh and boarded the train on Sunday morning at 1am. They did a back and forth through the sleeper class compartments to find the persons matching the information they had. Finally, they zeroed in on two passengers, Tamilarasan (25) and Raja (22), occupying seat numbers 18 and 19 in S3 compartment. The duo told the probe officers that they were from Ambattur and denied carrying anything illegal. The sleuths dug into their baggage but did not find what they were expecting.Not convinced about their innocence, the officers detained them and travelled in the same train to Chennai.The train chugged into Central at 4.40am and as a last-ditch attempt, the officers headed to the luggage compartment of the train. In there lay two wooden cases booked in the names of Tamilarasan and Raja.The officers cracked open the cases and found ephedrine stuffed neatly in polythene packets weighing 25kg. DRI men then grilled the two, who told them about a third man - the kingpin behind the smuggling - waiting for them at the railway station. Karthik was arrested immediately.Additional director general of DRI C Rajan said the three went to Mumbai by air and struck a deal with a drug cartel. \"Karthik ordered the other two to bring the drugs by train and flew back to Chennai,\" he said.Karthik is the son of Kannapan who was arrested for smuggling 14.5kg of ketamine in an ice bowl in June 2010 at Chennai airport. \"Karthik took over the business after his father's death.\"The drugs were supposed to be sent to Malaysia through couriers. \"We have been monitoring all bus routes and train routes. Recently in Andhra Pradesh, we seized ketamine from a bus. This is first seizure in Chennai for this year,\" said Rajan.In November last year, DRI officers arrested six persons, including an airline coach driver, a woman and a Sri Lankan, on charges of trying to smuggle 6.5kg of ephedrine to Malaysia through Chennai airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11418719", "title": "Goa's home guards perform police duties for a pittance", "text": "PANAJI: You see them directing traffic. You see them helping maintain law and order during agitations. You also see them providing security to VIPs and other state establishments.Yet, despite performing identical duties as policemen, home-guards do not receive any of the benefits that their police counterparts do.They are paid 200 for each day they report for duty along with a travelling allowance (TA) of 20. \"How can we survive with a TA of 20? Travelling to and from Valpoi costs 140 a day. How will we support our families?\" lamented a home-guard.With home-guards being a voluntary organization and not a permanent government job, personnel are not entitled to casual leave, earned leave or weekly-offs, discloses a senior official in the organization, who asked not to be quoted (due to the election code of conduct in force).But, some home-guards told TOI on condition of anonymity, that they are made to do continuous duty at times which exceeds their stipulated eight hours of duty. And for this, they are not paid any overtime allowances.Recently, the International Film Festival of India (Iffi), the Old Goa feast and the New Year's Eve were three occasions where they had to extend their duty hours. While having to take voluntary retirement at the age of 52, home-guards are not eligible for any pension.Despite forming a force of 711-odd personnel, home-guards do not have their own barracks and are currently utilizing the police head quarters at Panaji. Acknowledging this, the official said that a proposal for a separate building has been put forth and the process of identifying land for the same was on.He also said that another proposal to provide insurance as well as hike daily duty allowance to 300 has been submitted to the home minister, but with the code of conduct in force, a decision on the same will be taken only after March. TA should also be revised at the same time, he added.Some home-guards claimed that the new instructors were harassing them. The official dismissed this and said, after the retirement of the previous instructor there was a gap between appointments of the new instructors. \"This has caused them to become slack and strict following of rules as well as weekly parades by new instructors may be being construed as harassment,\" an official said, adding that action would be taken after verifying complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11419419", "title": "Indian-origin man goes missing in Manchester", "text": "LONDON: Concern is growing for a 20-year-old Indian-origin man who has gone missing since the early hours of Jan 2 from a place in Manchester, which is less than 16 kms from where Anuj Bidve was killed on December 26.Gurdeep Hayer, who is based in West Bormwich, travelled to Manchester on December 31 to celebrate New Year's Eve with friends. He stayed with friends in the Fallowfield area of Manchester.The police said that Gurdeep went out with friends on the night of January 1. He was last seen leaving Sankeys, an entertainment centre, on his own, at 2.30am local time the following morning. The police have released photos of Gurdeep to help trace him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11418988", "title": "Sit-in by gas victims to protest Dow\u2019s Olympics sponsorship", "text": "BHOPAL: Barely 200 days to go before to the start of the London Olympic Games, Bhopal gas victims' organisations and former Olympians' are pressing for total removal of Dow Chemical as its sponsor. The games commence from July 27, 2012.The gas victims will stage a sit-in-stir at the Yadgar-e-Shahjani park on Monday.The Olympians and gas victims opposing Dow sponsorship of the Olympics are encouraged by the decision of London Organising Committee of Olympic Games ( LOCOG ) to remove Dow's logo from London's Olympic stadium.They are not taking a victory lap, yet. But in a move to intensify the stir against Dow, gas victim organisations would be joined by children with congenital disabilities attributed to the Bhopal gas leak and its aftermath.\"We are in touch with the ministry of sports and we would continue to exert pressure until Dow is completely disassociated with the Olympics,\" said former Olympian Aslam Sher Khan. \"Dow will not be allowed to be a part of the games and the government is on track to fulfilling our demand,\" he added.Cascading criticism of Dow internationally and Indian Olympic Association (IOA) coming out favour of gas victims has tilted the balance for the protestors against Dow.Former hockey international Khan said, \"Even after the London Olympics Games are over, the idea is to raise the voice of the gas victims so that they can be compensated adequately and Dow accept its responsibility for the world's worst industrial disaster.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11416981", "title": "TJAC vows to stop Jagan\u2019s T entry", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana political joint action committee (JAC) on Sunday called upon all affiliates, including BJP, TRS and CPI-ML (New Democracy) to prevent YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy from entering Telangana region, as he had failed to announce his stand on the contentious issue.The YSR Congress chief is all set to embark on a 48-hour 'rythu deeksha' at Armoor in Nizamabad district from January 10 to express solidarity with turmeric and cotton farmers. Jagan's previous attempt to enter the region through Mahabubabad (Warangal district) in May 2010 was met with stiff resistance from locals and resulted in violent incidents, forcing him to abandon his Odarpu yatra in the region.Reiterating his statement, TJAC chairman M Kodandaram Reddy said they were against the visit of any politician who did not make clear their stand clear on the Telangana issue. \"No political party chief will be allowed to tour the region without making clear his stand on Telangana. There are no exceptions. All our affiliates have decided to question Jagan on the statehood issue. People will pour out in to the streets in thousands and question Jagan, as they did to Naidu. They have a right to know his point o,\" he said.The TJAC chairman announced the decision during a meeting of the Telangana Vidyavantula Vedika at the Sundarayya Vignana Kendram.Putting to rest speculation that TRS and YSR Congress party had a secret understanding with each other, the TRS too lashed out at the YSR Congress chief and said their workers would force Jagan to clarify on the statehood issue. TRSLP deputy leader T Harish Rao said people cannot forget how Jagan snatched a placard from Seemandhra Congress MPs in Lok Sabha in support of a united Andhra Pradesh.TRS Legislature Party leader Harish Rao said, \"The images are fresh in public mind. How can they forget a person who strongly advocated against the formation of Telangana? Any political party that wants to be in Telangana must live up to the aspirations of its people. Our people will not hesitate to stop him as they see no difference between him, Kiran Kumar Reddy or Chandrababu Naidu, as all of them conspired to stop the formation of T state. We will certainly participate in the resistance rally against Jagan.TRS MLA K Tarakarama Rao said Jagan would taste the ire of Telangana protagonists and people if he enters the region without making his stand on Telangana clear. Speaking to reporters at Kamareddy on Sunday, KTR said incidents witnessed during TDP chief Naidu's tour in Warangal would be repeated in Nizamabad during Jagan's tour.TRS district president Alur Ganga Reddy said in Armoor that people of the region were not willing to put their faith in Seemandhra leaders. Meanwhile, announcing the tour schedule of the party chief, YSR Congress spokesperson Bajireddy Goverdhan appealed to Telangana protagonists not to obstruct Jagan's deeksha. Stating that the YSR Congress party chief was committed to a separate Telangana state, he said Jagan had never spoken against the sentiments of Telangana people.Goverdhan said Jagan would reach Nizamabad around 10.30 am on January 10 and hold a meeting with over 1,000 party workers at a marriage hall. The Kadapa MP will start his deeksha at Nimmala Gardens in Armoor at 12 noon after taking the blessings from three religious heads. On his way to Armoor, Jagan would make a stopover at Gayatri sugar factory at Kamareddy and interact with sugarcaneryots and factory workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417828", "title": "Regent starts lucky draws", "text": "PATNA: Celebrating its 84th anniversary, the city-based cinema theatre - Regent cinema - has started \"Har Din Utsav, Har Mahine Inaam' for the next 12 months.\"We are celebrating our 84th anniversary this year. As a mark of reciprocating the love and affection showered on us by the people of the city, we have started this year-long celebration from January and it will continue till December 2012,\" Suman Kumar Sinha of the theatre said.\"Under this celebration, 101 lucky tickets would be drawn out of the tickets sold during the month for different shows and different classes. The winner of the lucky draw would get a motorbike, while 100 more lucky winners would get wonderful gifts,\" said Sinha.The first draw was conducted on Sunday. Cine goers between December 16 last year and January 7 had been asked to preserve their tickets to participate in this celebration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11417652", "title": "State board to revise penalty for copying", "text": "PUNE: To keep a tab on increasing cases of copying during exams, the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has sought stricter punishment for the students caught.Several changes have been introduced in the examination pattern, syllabi and conduct of examinations since 2004, which has resulted in students resorting to innovative means of cheating. This has forced the Board to introduce stricter punishments, not just for the erring students but also for colleges and schools that do not abide by the rules. The Board has invited suggestions from all stakeholders on effective punishments and fine charges. It has also introduced some new guidelines, a copy of which has been uploaded on the website: www.msbshse.ac.inA student caught copying by the vigilance squad is given a three-year imprisonment as per the current practice. Besides, if an educational institute avoids giving any sort of information asked by parents or students or misleads them, then one pay hike of the respective official of the educational institute is stopped. For supervisors, who ignore irregularities or cheating happening during examination, his remuneration is cancelled.During the 2010-11 board examination, special steps were taken to curb cheating. As a result, pass percentage declined across eight divisions of the board. Only 245 cases of copying were reported in Pune division.Shahaji Dhekne, secretary of the Board, said, \"For a long time, changes have not been made in the nature of punishment for those involved in various irregularities during the board examinations. However, the means of copying and cheating have changed, and with time, we feel that stricter punishments need to be imposed on those guilty.\"The Board has asked all schools and junior colleges, NGOs, students, parents and others to send their suggestions and objections to the Board before January 20 through post or submit them on the website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422073", "title": "Bollywood celebs at Umang event", "text": "Bollywood descended at a suburban venue on Saturday evening to show their solitude and support to the Mumbai Police for their event 'Umang'.Commissioner of Police Arup Patnaik was present along with members of the Police force.Vishal and Shekhar, Sameera Reddy , Neha Dhupia , Malaika Arora Khan, Vivek Oberoi , Anushka Sharma and many others performed for the audience, that included guests like Amitabh Bachchan , Dharmendra , Hema Malini , Tabu, Yash Chopra and Madhur Bhandarkar among others.While Aamir Khan , Madhavan and Sharman Joshi enthralled everyone with a rendition of All is well, Abhay Deol and Farhan Akhtar joined Shankar, Ehsaan and Loy for Senorita. Madhuri Dixit received a hearty applause after her energetic dance performance. For the full coverage of 'Umang', watch Colors next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11447836", "title": "Asin is known as 'behenji' of B-town", "text": "Asin is gearing up for a major makeover. The actress is tired of being referred to as a behenji and wants to start dressing sexily.Recently, she had a meeting with a designer and discussed the possibility of wearing skimpy clothes to various events. A source reveals, \"She has realised that her image needs to be changed.After working in Housefull 2 with Jacqueline Fernandez , Zarine Khan and Shazahn Padamsee, she felt that as everyone dressing up sexily, she should, too.\" Let's wait and see how this one turns out!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11419341", "title": "BJP forum demands Yeddyurappa's expulsion", "text": "MYSORE: The situation for B S Yeddyurappa in BJP appears to be turning unfavorable for his existence in the party, with a self-styled forum of BJP's senior workers on Sunday demanding the expulsion of the former chief minister from the party if it has to be saved from destruction.At a press meet here, these workers led by BJP's strongman from Hassan, B B Shivappa said: \"Yeddyurappa is responsible for the present situation of the BJP, which claims to be a party of principles. There is no future for it in Karnataka, without the expulsion of Yeddyurappa. The BJP has been built on principles and ideology and many leaders have contributed to its growth in the state,\" he said.Yeddyurappa threw all principles out the window, besides bringing a bad name for the party. \"At least now, the party could be saved from the present situation only if Yeddyurappa is expelled from BJP. The party has its own inherent strength to grow and flourish,\" he added.Shivappa said as long as Yeddyurappa remained in the party, he would harm the party. The present statement and claim of Yeddyurappa is nothing but a blackmail tactic adopted by him to grab power, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418762", "title": "Kidnapping drama leaves cops clueless", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An anonymous phone call to police regarding a kidnapping outside Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited office in Sector 34, left cops investigating the case clutching at straws when it came to dealing with the incident.The unidentified caller rang up the cops at 9.45 pm and said two youths had forcefully put an elderly person into an Indica car and escaped. Three PCR gypsies and a police party from Sector 34 police station rushed to the spot.Sector-34 SHO Kirpal Singh said though the informant mentioned the registration number of Indica car, he had vanished from outside BSNL office when police teams got there.The registration number was that of Ludhiana district in Punjab and its owner's address could not be verified as vehicle registration offices were closed due to the weekend, the SHO added.He said PCR cops had questioned two other passersby who stated that the youths who took the old man with them, said he was their father.After receiving the call, police control room increased security at all exit and entry points of city, but the Indica with the Punjab Registration number could not be traced.A DDR was also registered at Sector-34 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419770", "title": "DVS mulls Gita in schools, says consensus first", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Sunday announced that the government was considering introducing the Bhagavad Gita in primary and secondary schools after seeking public opinion.\"Before introducing the Gita in schools, the government will have a thorough discussion with a cross-section of society . We don't want any controversy in this regard,\" Gowda told reporters on the sidelines of Bhagavad Gita Abhiyan organised by religious mutts here. \"The Gita doesn't belong to a particular religion or a sect. Its teachings are universal . It aims at refining mankind , and other religions have appreciated its philosophical teachings,\" Gowda said.He expressed confidence that all sections of people would agree to the government's proposal to include the Gita in school syllabus. \"It is already being taught in Madhya Pradesh,\" he added.In July 2011, primary and secondary education minister Visveshwara Hegde Kageri announced that the Gita would be taught in schools, and the minister's remarks drew sharp criticism. Kageri remained unfazed by the opposition and remarked that those opposing the government initiative should leave the country and maintained nobody could find anything wrong with the teaching of the Gita.The opposition - Congress and JD(S) - had objected to his remarks and dubbed the move as an attempt to saffronise education by the RSS lobby in BJP. In August, a petition challenging the Karnataka government's circular on teaching of the Gita in schools was filed in the Karnataka HC. But the court disposed of the petition after the government said the Gita programme was neither sponsored nor funded by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417530", "title": "Settlers along the Musi banks live in constant fear of eviction", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the wake of the eviction drive conducted on the banks of the Musi at Afzalgunj last month, residents in other settlements along the river said they fear that they too would be thrown out of their homes soon.Hundreds of settlements line the banks of the Musi river, mainly at Moosarambagh, Musa Nagar, Chaderghat, Petlaburj and Bapughat areas. These lie on the 40 km stretch where works are being planned by the government for Musi beautification. Many residents of these areas had obtained stay orders from courts against possible evictions. However, courts have been vacating the stays leading to serious apprehensions among residents whom the GHMC describe as encroachers.Syed Bilal, a resident of Shankar Nagar, says that residents in his basti have been living in constant worry ever since the eviction drive at Afzalgunj. \"My house is right next to the Musi and my family has lived here for generations. Many of us have been protesting for more than a decade and are used to threats of eviction.\" He added that he came to know recently that the injunction over the houses in his area has been vacated. With this development, the fear among the residents has compounded. He claimed that the land over which their houses are constructed is patta property.Musa Nagar is another area where the stay obtained by settlers was vacated earlier. \"We feel insecure after the government had demolished the houses of patta land. This happened early in the morning and the settlers could do nothing about it,\" said Mohammed Ashwaq, a member of Chatri, an organization that is fighting for the rights of the settlers.Worried over the recent high court directive to the GHMC to stop providing basic amenities to \"illegal encroachments,\" Ashwaq said, \"There are several big land encroachers but nothing happens to them. Most settlers on the Musi tiver are poor. We are not illegal encroachers here because we have legally taken the land on rent or have purchased them from land owners,\" he said.Ramaiah Venkateshwarlu, who lives in a settlement near Petlaburj, says that if the people are uprooted from the settlements they should be rehabilitated within the city limits otherwise they stand to lose their livelihood. \"Many settlements have been relocated in far off places like Kukatpally. But the settlers did not go there as they are working in nearby areas. We have asked for reallocation in nearby areas,\" he said.Government officials maintain that until a survey, which was started a month ago to identify patta land and government land, is completed, no further evictions will be taken up. But persons like Bilal feel that the survey is a farce. \"The government knows which lands are theirs and which are not. If they say patta land residents cannot be evicted, then why were the tenants who were paying rent to patta land owners near Shivaji Bridge evicted?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11418147", "title": "Kumar visits Sec 12A, raps horticulture department", "text": "GURGAON: During an inspection carried out on Friday morning, the HUDA administrator has pulled up the horticulture department for failing to maintain the parks in Sector 12A. The RWA had been complaining about the bad condition of roads, parks and encroachment in the colony for several months now.The administrator landed up in the sector along with a team of HUDA officials for the inspection. A house owner was fined Rs 5,000 for dumping garbage in front of his house and two other houses owners were fined for encroachments in Pocket C of the sector. The inspection went on for an hour during which the administrator had an open meeting with RWA.\"The administrator assured the RWA that the possibility for connecting the old Delhi road to Sector 12A will be examined and action will be taken shortly,\" said Radhey Shyam, Pocket C, RWA president.The administrator said, \"The option of connecting the road is being worked out and the work will begin soon, once the survey is complete. The HUDA officials in charge of horticulture have been instructed to improve the condition of the park or else face action.\" The administrator has also called for all the records of work done in the colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11418502", "title": "Pregnant woman, husband commit suicide by hanging", "text": "MADURAI: In a shocking incident here, a pregnant woman and her husband committed suicide by hanging in their house at Theerthakadu, Vandiyur on Saturday evening. P Soundrapandi (24) a labourer had fallen in love with one Amirthavalli (19) from the same area. Though both of them belonged to different sects of the scheduled caste community, they got married.On January 1, a baby shower (valaikappu) function was held for Amirthavalli, who was nine months pregnant. Police sources said that their investigation revealed that the couple was living happily. However, on Saturday, they both were found hanging from the ceiling. They had allegedly used a sari to commit suicide.The shocked relatives immediately informed the Karupayurani police, who rushed to the spot. They recovered the bodies and sent them to the Government Rajaji Hospital for post-mortem. Police and relatives alike were perplexed over the cause of their suicide.According to the relatives, the couple loved each other and were happy. Even on Saturday, they both went to a nearby shop and had tea together at around 4pm. But it appears that they committed suicide between 5pm and 6 pm, which is very confusing, the police said. They were investigating from various angles if there were any caste-based issues or any other factor that drove them to this unfortunate end, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11418060", "title": "Lose encounter, fatal consequence", "text": "BANGALORE: Amateur photographer J S Ramesh, who was killed when trying to shoot a herd of elephants from a close range in Anekal taluk on Saturday, paid the price for not only venturing too close to the pachyderms but also for having enraged them.The flashlight of Ramesh's camera proved to be the last straw for a pachyderm whose maternal instincts had already been aroused as the entire herd of 13 elephants had come out of forests in search of a missing calf. Besides, the herd was on the gingerly with three more calves in its ranksAll available accounts say that the pachyderm did not touch Ramesh. It only menacingly chased Ramesh, who hit a tree and fell on the spot. It is believed that he suffered a major cardiac arrest and died on his way to the hospital, Bannerghatta deputy forest officer N Devaraj said.A 1,000-odd crowd at the spot also had the elephants edgy as they were struggling to find their way back into the forest, forest authorities pointed out. The herd was looking out for a calf that had escaped.\"Animals are stressed out in such situations. And when humans try to get too close to them, they only see it as an attempt to harm them and they end up charging at the person,\" said Devaraj.\"Mobs add to the confusion there. The best way is to let the forest officials lead back the animals to the forest, while police takes care of the crowds,\" said Sanjay Gubbi, member of the State Wildlife Board.But on Saturday, police reportedly reached the place well after the incident occurred. Finally, crackers were burst to send the elephants back into the forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418828", "title": "First aid centres get large number of injured birds pre-Uttarayan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the traditional kite flying festival - Uttarayan - just round the corner, large numbers of injured birds have begun to turn in the centres where such birds are provided treatment. In the month of December alone, Jivdaya Charitable Trust, one of the city's prominent centres for animals and birds has received 450 injured birds.Talking about an increase in numbers of injured birds, trustee at Jivdaya Charitable Trust, Kartik Shastri said, \"We received around 450 injured birds in the month of December 2011. This is a significant increase over that of last year. We had received around 320 injured birds in December 2010.\"Shastri, however, said that the increase does not necessarily mean that the number of bird injury has increased in the state. \"This shows an increase in the awareness among the people. They now do not neglect injured birds but take it to the caretakers,\" he said.There are around twenty NGOs working in association with the forest department. These NGOs have set up various collection centres for injured birds. Theese birds are then taken to the hospital or Jivdaya Charitable Trust.\"In the last three days we have received around 13 birds including kites, ibis and pigeons. We have also received 2 vultures. The highest number of injured birds that we have received until now has been kites and pigeons,\" said founder of Shree Cultural Foundation, Mukhesh Bhati.The injured birds also had endangered species including four white rump vultures which died on the spot. Other than pigeons and kites there were saras cranes and many barn owls. \"There is a high incidence of injury among barn owls this year,\" said Bhati.Talking about the plan for this year, Shastri said, \"We will have more than 30 doctors working in our hospitals. There will be doctors from UK, Brazil and Nepal apart from doctors coming from various places in India. These doctors from foreign countries are avian specialists and they come here regularly.\"New initiatives by organizationsMany new initiatives have been planned to counter bird injuries by various organizations this year. Shree Cultural Foundation in the city will be introducing two new awareness vans this year.Its founder, Mukhesh Bhati said, \"The two vans will carry around 6 volunteers each. While one of the vans will roam around the eastern part of Ahmedabad, the other one will be deployed in western Ahmedabad. While each van will cover around 70 kilometers a day, the volunteers will hand out pamphlets to people in the city, talk to them and make them aware about bid injuries from kite strings and how to attend to the injured birds. Apart from the awareness initiative, the vans will also be equipped with medical experts and first aid facilities.\"Jivdaya Charitable Trust has also begun conducting various awareness exercises across schools and colleges in the state since the last two months. Through video conferencing, the trust has conducted awareness campaigns with a total of around 900 schools and colleges.Points to noteWhen a bird hits the ground, do not catch it immediately. Give it some time to gain stability on its own while protecting it from cats and dogs.If a bird has not received serious cuts and is able to fly, let it go.Do not hold the birds too tightlyDo not feed them waterIf a bird is badly injured and seems to require first aid, then cover its eyes with a soft cloth, like a sock. This will prevent them from fluttering their wingsPut the injured bird in an empty bucket and cover it with cloth until help arrivesDo not fly kites between 7am and 9am as well as between 5 pm and 7pm. These are the hours when there are maximum birds in the sky", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11424921", "title": "Telcos oppose giving 3G pact copy to DoT", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fresh tussle, the DoT has requested the TDSAT to give it copies of agreements on 3G roaming among private operators, a move opposed by them fearing leakage of commercial information to rivals.The operators suspect that their roaming agreements which consists of commercial negotiations would be leaked from the Department of Telecom (DoT) and would reach rivals.The information is getting leaked like a sea. It would be highly unfair for operators. \"The moment it is leaked, it would reach our rival operators,\" said the counsel appearing for telecom firms.Senior advocate C S Vaidyanathan appearing for one of the telecom operators asked the tribunal to direct DoT to file an application and they would file a proper reply on this issue.The Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) said it would decide on this issue on January 17 only after considering the DoT's plea questioning its jurisdiction to decide on 3G roaming issue.Meanwhile, TDSAT adjourned today's scheduled hearing to January 17 on the plea of DoT challenging its jurisdiction to decide the 3G roaming issue after the government wanted to file rejoinder over the reply submitted by operators.In their reply, operators Airtel , Vodafone, Idea, Aircel and Tata Tele had termed DoT's move as \"desperate attempt to avoid adjudication\" on the 3G dispute.During the proceedings today operators also opposed the oral assurance given by DoT officials that confidentiality of their agreement would be maintained and said \"it would be highly unfair to them\".\"If they want a copy, let them file a proper application and then we would file our objection,\" said Vaidyanathan.However, DoT's counsel said that as per their license conditions, operators are supposed to handover their roaming agreement and they have already handed it to sectoral regulator TRAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11417908", "title": "NCP suffering from fear psychosis: Cong", "text": "PUNE: \"Ajit Pawar and other leaders of his party are suffering from fear psychosis,\" Congress leaders said here on Sunday. They were reacting to Pawar's recent criticism of Congress leaders.\"The NCP is losing ground in western Maharashtra and also in Pune. So, its leaders, including Ajit Pawar, have a fear of loosing the power,\" Congress party's former MLA Gev Awari told reporters.Pawar had launched a scathing attack on MP Suresh Kalmadi and the Congress on Saturday. \"Those who have defamed the city with their involvement in corruption in Commonwealth Games should be thrown out of power. The man who led the party in the city is in Tihar jail. This is the ruling party which holds the chief minister's post in the state,\" Pawar had said.Awari and former minister Subodh Mohite, who are observers for the party in Pune, participated in a workers meet here on Sunday.Awari said that their alliance with the NCP has broken. Now, both the parties will fight the civic elections separately.Sharad Ranpise, head of the Congress's coordination committee, said that the NCP was responsible for weakening the financial institutions in state, including the Maharashtra state cooperative (MSC) bank. \"How will these leaders, who could not even manage a bank, can mange a city?\" he asked.Ranpise said that the Congress is not using muscle power like the NCP to gain the power.At the meet, Mohite highlighted the points which the party has planned to introduce in its manifesto. This included initiatives like green city, garbage disposal system and rapid transport.When told that all these initiatives are old and the party has failed to deliver on it, Mohite said, \"This time these issues will be handled differently.\" The leaders informed that Congress has sold over 800 forms for municipal elections. They received nearly 250 back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11420740", "title": "Family doctor and the changing times", "text": "Decades ago, families used to have a one-stop contact when diseases and illnesses were concerned - the family physician. In time, with the rise in individual specialisations in medicine, the concept gradually ceased to exist. However, the family physician is about to make a come-back if the PG in 'family medicine,' a three-year programme whose curriculum has been prepared by the Medical Council of India (MCI), is adopted by medical colleges.Dr KK Talwar, chairman, Board of Governor's , MCI, says, \"The idea is to create an MD in family medicine, like it is prevalent in European and American countries . This concept is gaining importance because the society today wants specialists and is not very confident with MBBS degree holders alone. We will have doctors who will be specialised and qualified to look at the family medicine vertical in totality. The course will begin once the medical colleges are ready/willing and approach us for the same.\"Talwar says that a doctor with this qualification will be conversant with most speciality areas like paediatrics , gynaecology, medicine including a few surgical procedures so that he or she is capable of handling the routine health needs of families. More complicated issues that need attention will be handled by specialists as per specific requirements.Dr Anupam Sibal, group medical director, Apollo Hospitals Group, says, \"The course will offer a holistic perspective of the various branches and will be a specialisation after the MBBS degree. For a family, having one doctor to consult is better than running across to six different specialists.\"MCI has sent the curriculum of the PG course to all state governments and is awaiting colleges to show interest and start the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11418739", "title": "MSU may hike professional courses fees", "text": "VADODARA: M S University may hike fees of professional courses by up to 100 per cent and that of regular courses by up to 40 per cent. A committee formed by MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh to suggest rationalization of the fee structure at MSU will make these recommendations.The committee is now in the final stage of submission of its recommendations while the provisional recommendations will be also discussed in the meeting of deans, principals and head of departments next week. Final recommendations will be placed before MSU's syndicate members for their approval by end of this month.MSU officials argue that fees needs to be hiked as the university has not revised its fee structure since over 15 years now. One of the prominent recommendations of the committee will be hiking fees of professional courses like MBA, MSW, BE, B Ed, M Ed among others by up to 100 per cent. Fees of regular courses such as B Com, BA, B Sc will witness a hike up to 40 per cent.The committee, which includes professor Ranjan Sengupta as convenor, syndicate members Dr Amit Dholakia and Mukund Shah and professor Amita Kantawala as members, is of the opinion that some fees should be common for all faculties. For instance, fees charged under development fund, students and union fees should be similar in all faculties.Also, the committee will be suggesting new heads of fees including that of security, fees for computerized automated admission and examination among others.\"The proposed fee structure shall come into force progressively from academic year 2012-13 onwards. This means that it shall apply only to new students admitted in the first year of undergraduate, postgraduate degrees and diploma courses only. It will be progressively applied to the second, third or fourth year students from the subsequent years,\" Dholakia told TOI on Sunday.\"We also want a considerable amount of fund which can be made available to faculties for their local development and maintenance needs,\" he said. The committee will be proposing the fee hike depending on the level of the courses. For example, fees of undergraduate courses will be less than that of post graduate courses. Similarly, post graduate students will have to pay less than PhD students.Simultaneously, the committee is set to recommend that fees paid by foreign students should be increased significantly. For the economically deprived sections, the committee is suggesting that a corpus should be created whereby genuine students can be partly exempted or granted scholarships. Some of the heads like gymkhana fees, poor students fees, university sports fees, where the structure is drastically low (Rupee one) will see maximum hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11418912", "title": "Homeless crave for shelter", "text": "KANPUR: Rampal Singh's fight with life begins every evening when, after pulling rickshaw the entire day, he is unable to find a roof under which to sleep in this biting cold weather. This 60-year-old rickshaw-puller's attempts to find night shelters or raen baseras mostly prove futile. His thin sweater and shawl are just not enough to beat the chill, still they are more than what a number of destitute in city can boast of.The drastic dip in mercury has added to the woes of many homeless persons in the city. Lack of adequate night shelters has heightened their problems, forcing them to spend chilly winter nights on the verandah of shops, bus stands and at railway stations. The functional shelter homes are in such a bad shape that the poor and destitute prefer not to spend the nights there. Though the Kanpur Nagar Nigam (KNN) has converted many maternity centres and other public places into temporary night shelters, these places can accommodate only a very few people.The civic body has also invited criticism for not constructing any new permanent night shelter for the poor this year. \" A large number of rickshaw-pullers, migrant labourers and beggars are forced to spend nights on the verandahs of shops in Nayaganj Bazaar, Jhakarkati bus stand, but the civic body is not bothered about providing a decent shelter to them,\" said Vikram Sahu, a social worker.Shikha, another social activist, said the civic body had failed to address the issues of poor homeless people. Despite court's directive, the KNN has not managed to construct a single permanent night shelter this year and the temporary shelter homes seem to be in a hopeless condition. \"Despite the fact that harsh weather conditions are increasing the death toll in the city, the KNN is yet to show promptness in setting up raen baseras (temporary shelters),\" added Shikha.People also claimed that destitute women did not stay at the shelter homes due to anti-social elements misusing the place. Last year, KNN had set up more then 10 temporary shelter houses for labourers, rickshaw pullers and the homeless at Green Park, Chakeri police station, CTI crossing, Cooperganj, Parmat crossing, Babupurwa, Nawab Ganj, Express Road and Sarsaiyya Ghat.The Supreme Court passed an order on writ petition 196/2001, People's Union of Civil Liberties versus Union of India, clearly stating that in six metropolitan cities of the state - Lucknow, Agra, Meerut, Varanasi, Allahabad and Kanpur - the city development authorities along with the State Urban Development Agency (SUDA) would set up one permanent shelter house for every one lakh population. But, the number of shelter homes has not increased in accordance with the number of poor and homeless in city.However, the KNN authorities refuted the allegations of having insufficient shelter homes in the city. \"We are aware of the problems of the homeless. We have made adequate arrangements for the homeless and provided them with blankets. We have already managed more than seven permanent night shelters for them. We planned to set up 23 new shelters in the city this winters but the work got delayed,\" said UP Agarwal, caretaker of shelter homes, KNN.\"The requirement of the city is for 28 shelter homes and we are managing with seven old shelters. All the 23 newly constructed shelter homes will start functioning within a fortnight. Then we will not need any more temporary shelters,\" added UP Agarwal.The official, while commenting on the issue of rising number of anti-social elements at shelter homes, said it was the genuine responsibility of locals to complain of any such activity and proper action would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "11418673", "title": "Waste disposal issue dominates Mandrem VP meet", "text": "MANDREM: Dumping garbage allegedly by hoteliers and shack owners along the Bodkedhenu-Askawada and Junas roads, utilization of funds provided by art and culture department and development work dominated the Mandrem gram sabha proceedings held on Sunday.The villagers expressed disappointment over garbage dumping along the main roads at Mandrem, pointing out that despite repeated pleas to solve the problem the panchayat has failed to collect and dispose of the waste.One of the villagers, Subhash Asolkar, alleged that the sarpanch and other panchayat members are not willing to resolve the grievances of the villagers pertaining to garbage dumping. He pointed out that it is difficult to move around the village as foul smell emanates from places where the waste is thrown posing a serious health hazard.However, sarpanch Laxmikant Govekar informed villagers that the panchayat is struggling to identify land for garbage disposal as required under the Rural Garbage Disposal Scheme 2006. Govekar urged locals to identify the miscreants who dump the garbage along the roads so that the panchayat could take action against them.The sarpanch also promised villagers that the panchayat would sort out this problem at a special meeting with Pernem municipal council officials.Tushar Govekar and Prasad Shahapurkar asked the sarpanch to provide details regarding the utilization of funds provided under the art and culture department. The sarpanch informed the gathering that the department has provided 10.50 lakh to the panchayat, out of which 50,000 had been spent for different activities and programmes organized on the eve of Goa liberation day.Sandesh Sawant, who had submitted a letter to the panchayat asking for details on utilization of funds provided by the department, raised the same issue in the gram sabha.The sarpanch informed the gathering that the remaining 10 lakh would be spent on different development works in Mandrem.Meanwhile, villagers also demanded a fulltime secretary, as the secretary Preetam Sawant was holding additional charge of Agarwada-Chopdem gram panchayat causing a lot of inconvenience to the villagers.The gram sabha was chaired by sarpanch Laxmikant Govekar. Earlier, the secretary read out a report on the proceedings at the last gram sabha, while Govekar proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419675", "title": "Keralite held with charas", "text": "BANGALORE: Koramangala police on Sunday arrested a 31-year-old man from Kerala and recovered 340 grams of charas worth Rs10 lakh from him.Police identified the accused as Arun Gopinath, a resident of Munnar in Kerala . He was arrested from a park near Raheja Residency in III block, Koramangala . He had stuffed charas inside capsules which he sold for Rs1,000 to Rs5,000 apiece, police said.\"During investigation, the accused revealed that the main drug peddler is in Munnar. It seems the prime accused is employing jobless youth to peddle drugs,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424658", "title": "Lindsay Lohan gets no regrets tattoo", "text": "Lindsay Lohan has a new tattoo to mark a \"great point in her life\".The troubled actress - who has endured several stints in rehab and various legal woes in recent years - visited a Los Angeles tattoo parlour on Friday (06.01.12) to get 'Live Without Regrets' etched on her left wrist, and friends told website TMZ she wanted the inking to remind her of how good she is feeling at the moment.The insider claimed Lindsay is particularly excited about March 29, the date she will finally finish her stint of court ordered community service which she was made to undertake after breaching the terms of probation which were set following a 2007 driving under the influence conviction.The 'Mean Girls' star has several other quotation tattoos already, recently getting the Billy Joel lyric \"clear as a crystal, sharp as a knife, I feel like I'm in the prime of my life\", from the song 'I Go to Extremes', inked onto her rib cage.On her inner right wrist, Lindsay has the word 'Breathe', close to where she had the Marilyn Monroe quote 'I restore myself when I'm alone' inked after splitting from Samantha Ronson in 2009.She also has 'La Bella Vita' etched on her back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "11417992", "title": "Vikas Singhle has time of life with celestial pursuits", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: The sun, moon, stars and tick tock of time passing by are a few of Vikas Singhle's favourite things. The businessman' home is a reflection of his love. He has two telescopes to star gaze and four rare clocks that tell time in different ways, apart from catching the envy of his friends.\"I love astronomy and had four telescopes, of which only two still remain, and whenever I get time I like to watch the stars. From astronomy I developed a taste for clocks,'' said Vikas, explaining his collection of interesting instruments. At the backyard of his Kitchlu Nagar home, where Vikas stays with his parents, he has made a solar clock. \"I love to understand the exact reason behind celestial events therefore I have made a solar clock also though it is not complete, it tells time based on the movement of sun.''Vikas said he has travelled the world for business and every country he visits the is one thing he looks out for is a rare clock. \"I keep a list of clocks that I would like to have so that I can pick it up if I find it somewhere. I love collecting clocks that tell time in a unique way because time has different meanings for different people. For me, it is not limited to working at office and having some leisure time with friends ,'' said Vikas.Proudly talking about his four clocks, Vikas said one is a moon-phase clock that shows the various phases of moon. \"Anybody can then tell whether it will be a full moon or new moon day,'' he said, adding that there is an LED clock that seems to reflect time in midair. But the clock he loves the most is one he brought from United States of America which works on gravity. The clock has three trays - one each for hours, minutes and seconds - and small balls roll out in the tray to tell time. Vikas said recently he also bought a mediaeval clock from USA but he has to assemble it that would take a long time.The businessman said he also surfs the internet for rare clocks and whenever he spots something he tries to pick it up on a trip or by ordering it online. \"Now I want to buy a lunar clock that would tell time on the basis of lunar movement. As of now all of us read time according to the sun's movement but I want to read it on the moon's movement,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11417831", "title": "Woman sets self ablaze, hubby suffers burns too", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A 20-year-old woman residing in Shivajinagar, Nerul reportedly set herself on fire after a fight with her husband late on Saturday night.The victim, Sunita Dilip Puri, suffered 85% burn injuries and has been admitted to the municipal hospital at Vashi.According to the Nerul police, her husband, Dilip Puri, was also seriously injured while trying to douse the flames. He suffered 75% burns and is also admitted in the same hospital.\"The couple got married recently. The cause of the fight is still not known. They do not have any kids,\" said a police official. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11417481", "title": "The spirit of freedom &amp; justice?", "text": "Nisar main teri galiyon ke ay watan ke jahan/Chali hai rasm ke koi na sar utha ke chale/Jo koi chahne wala tawaf ko nikle/Nazar chura ke chale jism-o-jan bacha ke chale.(I am a willing martyr to thy sacred streets, O beloved City! Where a custom 'that none shall walk with his head held high' has taken hold; Where your devotees out on tours of supplication, Are forced to shuffle along with eyes lowered, threatened in body and soul)--Faiz Ahmed FaizWhile the city was recovering from the after effects of New Year celebrations, a group of dedicated heritage activists gathered at Naya Qila in the Golconda Fort to protest a 're-survey' of wakf land in the vicinity of the Mustafa Khan mosque. The move was in reaction to the government initiated attempt at changing the report of an earlier survey conducted under orders of the honorable high court of Andhra Pradesh. In a show of solidarity with the Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA), the entire civil administration swung into action and the otherwise lethargic police force, which is yet to act on complaints filed by ASI against the HGA, swooped down on the peaceful protestors taking them into 'protective custody', ostensibly to ensure unhindered work by governmental agencies. In reality though, the move guaranteed removal of the check against undue influence by the HGA as its members, who were present at the site, were left alone. This overt partiality needs to be explained as both should have been treated on par.The incident is not an isolated occurrence but part of a well orchestrated strategy adopted by the state government in catering to the whims and fancies of the affluent and influential elite. The golf links have laid claim to a part of the historic Golconda Fort for exclusive enjoyment by a select few at the cost of denying the common man access to public space. The golfers claim that they are in fact serving the people by protecting and preserving the area which would but for their efforts have been encroached upon. They also cite their magnanimous gesture in converting a huge garbage dump into aesthetically laid out greens as a commendable act for which the denizens should be grateful. This is akin to suggesting that one should be grateful for just being raped when there was a possibility of being murdered! Unfortunately both the ASI and the state government join in this chorus, unashamedly admitting that it is not possible for agencies charged with the protection of our cultural assets to carry out their duties. It is said that all those who were conscientious and objected to the gross violations were either forced out or delegated responsibility to their subordinates in sheer disgust.In this stifling atmosphere which threatens the democratic principles enshrined in our constitution, quite a few succumb by choosing between the lesser of two evils. While one may sympathise with individuals who under excruciating circumstances opt for such a compromise, the same behavior cannot be pardoned in the case of the government and its agencies that are duty bound to protect and preserve our heritage in letter and spirit, for that precisely is their mandate.That the disproportional reaction of the law and order machinery resulted from pressures exerted by vested interests is obvious. An interesting incident concerning the detainees bears ample testimony to this general perception among citizens. While in custody the activists were served food by a constable who refused payment, requesting that it be considered his humble contribution to the efforts in saving the city and its multifaceted heritage. This remarkable gesture will certainly encourage the few who strove to uphold the spirit of freedom and justice.It is always the dedicated few who serve as catalysts in galvanizing society into action, especially when faced with tyrannical regimes.Bahut hai zulm ke dast-e-bahana joo ke liye/Jo chand ahl-e-junoon tera naam lewa hain(Enough for the itching hand of the murderous tyrant, Those crazy few who have nothing but thy name on their lips)( The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11419013", "title": "Cops realize 1.66cr from traffic violators in \u201911", "text": "BHOPAL: City traffic police's efforts to enforce two-wheeler riders use helmets may not have yielded the desired result, but they have certainly raked in huge revenue to the government. The traffic police mopped up Rs 1.66 crore from violations in 2011.The top three traffic violations include driving without helmets, parking at no-parking zones and riding three on two-wheelers and they accounted for more than 65 per cent of the total challans in 2011.According to the district crime records, as many as 2,73,678 challans were handed out by Bhopal police for traffic violations. \"Over-speeding especially among the youngsters, is the main violations in the capital. Year after year, we witness the same type of violations,\" a traffic police official said.However, more interesting are the reasons that are given to the police by the violators when they are caught while breaking the law. A number of people caught without helmets say that suffer headache in wearing helmets. Some of them even carry doctor's prescription mentioning some neurological problem and show it as soon as they are stopped by the traffic cops. The other common excuse is that I left the at home, said the deputy superintendent of police, MS Chhari.People come out with a more serious reason when it comes to riding three on two-wheelers. The school and college goers requests consideration giving the reason that they have to rush for an exam.The officials feel that more important is to change the mind-set than to just harshly enforce traffic rules. It is important for the people to understand that rules are for their safety and not for those implementing them, Chhari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11419049", "title": "Vijayvargiya hails docs involved in drug trials", "text": "INDORE: Even as the BJP government is drawing flak from various quarters for its alleged inaction over unethical drug trials, a minister in Madhya Pradesh openly came out in support of two doctors, who conducted such trials, saying \"they are pride of the city and are assets to the state\".\"Dr Apporva Puranik and Dr Anil Bharani have made several contributions in the field of medicine and made the city proud at national and international platform,\" Minister for Commerce and Industries Kailash Vijayvargiya, a senior member of Shivraj Singh Chouhan cabinet, told reporters here.It's for the first time that a minister is being seen as defending the doctors who conducted the controversial drug trials which authorities have found were carried out without obtaining the consent of patients and by violating established norms and guidelines. Medical Education Minister Mahendra Hardia, however, had expressed his government's inability to proceed with action against the erring doctors claiming that the subject of drug trial came under the purview of the Union government.Asked about the involvement of Indore doctors in the murky drug trials on people who went for routine treatment at the hospitals, Vijayvargiya hastened to add \"the issue is serious. The government is taking steps to initiate action against the erring doctors. As far as testing of drugs on patients is concerned, appropriate action will be taken if anyone is found guilty\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11423921", "title": "Smartphone threat: Samsung, Sony to overhaul digicams", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Sony Corp , Canon Corp and Samsung Electronics Co are making every effort to keep their latest camera models from going the way of the Flip, GPS receivers and other victims of category killing smartphones.The top camera makers will unveil more than a dozen new models of inexpensive digital cameras at this week's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, offering jazzed up standard features such as water resistant photography and special software to keep squirming children in sharp focus.The strategy is aimed at reversing a crippling slide in entry level digital cameras, the industry's largest market segment, and to carve out a profitable niche that can compete effectively against the expanding smartphone market. To combat improved camera technology in smartphones from Apple Inc, Nokia Oyj and others, manufacturers at the show opening in Las Vegas on January 10 will, among other things, introduce models that beam photos directly to TVs and computers.\"All manufacturers, including Samsung, need to focus on the value proposition of a camera and what differentiates it versus a smartphone,\" Reid Sullivan, a senior vice president of Samsung, said in an interview. The Suwon, South Korea-based company will introduce eight models that wirelessly transmit images to other devices.Sales of digital cameras that fit into consumers' pockets, called point-and-shoots, have taken a hit as smartphones have become adept at taking high-definition photos and recording videos, said Liz Cutting, an analyst with researcher NPD Group Inc. in Port Washington, New York . Smartphones also make it easy to transfer those shots and videos to sites such as Facebook and Flickr , she said.Sheer numbers \"The best device is the one you have in your hands when the moment happens that it's worth taking a picture,\" Cutting said in an interview. Camera makers \"need to prove themselves to the consumer and stay up to snuff against a smartphone.\"The results so far show that camera manufacturers such as Nikon Corp, Canon, Sony, Eastman Kodak Co and Samsung are being overwhelmed by sheer numbers.Through November, 2011 US retail sales of entry-level cameras plummeted 17 per cent to 12 million units from 2010, NPD said on December 26, without providing revenue figures. Sales began to slide in 2009 as picture-taking phones improved their auto- focus, zoom and low-light features.Smartphone makers sold 95 million devices in the US in the same period, research firm Gartner estimates.US consumers used smartphones to snap 27 per cent of their photos last year, up from 17 per cent in 2010, according to NPD data through November. The share of photos taken with a point- and-shoot camera fell to 44 per cent from 52 per cent.Fighting extinction With the rise of applications downloaded directly to smartphones and stored with inexpensive memory, digital voice recorders, portable game players and pocket camcorders similar to Cisco Systems Inc's discontinued Flip also face possible extinction.Sony's newer cameras focus on taking pictures in 3D and on capturing and downloading \"precious moments,\" even in extreme conditions such as underwater, Sony Electronics President Phil Molyneux said in an interview.The Tokyo-based company's follow-ons to 2011-model cameras such as the $425 Cyber-shot DSC-HX100V and $250 DSC-T55 emphasize taking pictures quickly, with zoom lenses that capture photos at greater distance and with more clarity than phones, Molyneux said.Sharp backgrounds Canon's flagship point-and-shoot will be called the PowerShot G1X, and will include the ability to prioritize face detection of children, meaning that even the most fidgety child's expression will appear in focus, according to Wells Fargo Advisors.Samsung's DV300F, one of eight models it plans to begin selling by March, will let users upload images and videos directly to online sharing sites, including Facebook, Flickr, Picasa and YouTube , and to wirelessly send images to a computer.The DV300F, which includes a small screen on the front to let users see self portraits, adds a feature called Motion Photo that lets users eliminate blurry backgrounds when capturing a moving subject in the foreground.Samsung and other camera makers should market new models to mothers and other people who are more likely to print digital images by adding the ability to upload photos without attaching them to computers, Cutting said. Easy connections for TV viewing would be a plus, too.\"Moms are the most likely group to own and use a point- and-shoot camera because they're not big techies,\" Cutting said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11422958", "title": "Train services affected in SER after overhead wire snaps", "text": "KOLKATA: Train services on the Howrah- Kharagpur section of the South Eastern Railway was affected after the overhead traction wire snapped between Haur and Radhamohanpur Halt stations this morning.SER sources said the wires snapped when the Up Howrah-Puri Dhauli Express was passing between the two stations at 7.30 am. The train was later towed to Kharagpur with a diesel engine.The Howrah-Borbil Janshatabdi Express, which was running behind the Dhauli Express, was also stopped and towed to Kharagpur with a diesel engine, they said.The reason for the snapping of the wire was not immediately clear, the sources said.As a result, eight long-distance trains, including the Howrah-Mumbai Duronto Express, Howrah-Titlagarh Ispat Express, the Howrah-Secundrabad Falaknama Express, Shalimar- Santaldih Aranyak Express and the Shalimar-Bankura Rajya Rani Express, were stopped at various stations.While seven EMU locals have been cancelled, five were short-terminated, the sources said.While traffic was being maintained in the Down line, the Up line was expected to be restored by this afternoon.Rail traffic in the SER's Kharagpur-Bhubaneswar line remained affected for several hours yesterday after a truck hit a level crossing pole and snapped the overhead traction at Lakshmannathpur station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11419788", "title": "Excellent to poor, depts to be rated", "text": "First the Citizens' charter that lays down the time frame for delivery of each service. Now comes the appraisal to rate the departments excellent, very good, good, fair and poor on performance.In one more people-centric policy and in an effort towards good economic governance , the government has brought out an outcome-oriented approach to its functioning through preparation of Results Framework Document (RFD). Adopted as a tool to measure the performance of various departments, RFD discloses to the public the objectives of a department at the beginning of the year followed by related achievements at the end of the year.The ratings will be posted on the departments' website by January 15 and can be accessed by the citizens. The best performing departments will be rewarded after the year-end review.The appraisal move was cleared by the cabinet last week and at a time when chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has expressed ire at the babus and departments for not spending money on the programmes spelt out in the budget.\"RFD is designed as a means to ensure that the public money is spent better and on the stated priorities while making the departments accountable as per their commitments in an open, transparent and timely manner,\" Shalini Rajneesh , principal secretary, DPAR (administrative reforms), told TOI.RFD is an agreement between the minister concerned and his/her secretary to accomplish the objectives as prioritized at the beginning of the year. It helps decision makers to identify non-peforming departments at the click of the mouse.\"RFDnot only supplements the Monthly Programme Implementation Calendar but also ranks the performance of the departments measured with outcome-focused success indicators,\" Shalini said. Performance of the departments in 2011-12 will be appraised by a committee headed by chief secretary in May 2012.As this policy has been cleared by the cabinet only last week, departments are gearing up to implement RFD 2011-12 for remaining three months of this financial year.Must for allWhile 80% of actions are individualdepartment specific, the balance 20% are mandatory for all departments. They are: Implementation of Citizens' charter Redressal of public grievances Simplifying procedures and efficiency increasing measures Introducing corruption-mitigating steps Delegating powers to raise efficiency Intensifying use of existing IT capacity for monitoring, for e-service Timely claiming of funds due from Centre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11419786", "title": "Bangalore savours Oscars of food biz", "text": "At an event that is a must on every Bangalore foodie's menu, the Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide, Bangalore, 2012 was launched on Saturday. Biggies from Sandalwood , corporate honchos, top athletes and the who's who on the city's social circuit , not to speak of the best chefs in town, were in attendance at the ITC Gardenia for what is regarded as the Oscars of the food business.The seventh edition of the Guide is a ready reckoner of what to eat and where in Bangalore . It also encompasses the city's ever-expanding culinary landscape, with restaurants and nightspots listed according to location and cuisine , and rated based on food, service and decor .The event began with Suresh Hinduja, author of the Guide, addressing the guests. With the TV cooking show setting the course nowadays, Hinduja said that \"gourmets are becoming younger\" and \"picking up Australian accents\" . Sandalwood stars Pooja Gandhi and Sanjjanaa then took the stage to launch the Guide.The evening also saw the Times Food and Nightlife Awards being given away, in which five-star and standalone restaurants from across the city were awarded in 38 cuisine categories - from Best Karnataka to Best Persian, and Best Sweets to Best Lounge Bar. The evening ended with the award-winning restaurants and nightspots showcasing their signature dishes, drinks and desserts to the invitees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11419672", "title": "Farmer dies while trying to save dog", "text": "BANGALORE: A 25-year-old farmer who sought to avoid running over a stray dog, ended up ramming his twowheeler into a roadside tree at Bhaktipura near Attibele, Hosur Road around 10.30 am on Sunday.The deceased has been identified as Babu alias Chandru, a resident of Katthanahalli. Babu had come to Attibele to purchase manure but was returning home empty-handed as there were no stocks. He died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11418645", "title": "Truck driver held for sodomizing kid", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 13-year-old boy was abducted and sodomized by a truck driver, Sanjay Singh, in the parking lot of a luxury hotel in Sector 17 on Saturday night.The victim child works at a Sector 17 based sweet shop while the accused driver had come to deliver luggage for an exhibition going on at the hotel.Police said the boy had gone to answer nature's call in a public toilet when Singh abducted him and forced him inside his truck. The victim boy managed to escape and informed a home guard volunteer of Chandigarh police.Meanwhile, some passerby and colleagues of the victim rushed to the spot and nabbed the truck driver. Accused was arrested and sent to judicial custody for 14 days on Sunday. A case was registered at Sector 17 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11427359", "title": "Beyonce gives birth to baby girl", "text": "Beyonce and Jay-Z have welcomed their first child - a baby girl named Blue Ivy Carter.The 30-year-old singer's daughter arrived via scheduled caesarean section in a hospital in New York City. Beyonce's 42-year-old rapper husband Jay-Z, real name Shawn Carter , was by her side during the birth.A source revealed that mother and baby are doing fine. Beyonce, who was spotted out with her mother on Thursday night, is said to have booked the entire fourth floor of a New York city hospital for the birth, allegedly spending $1.3million. Celebrities have already started tweeting their congratulations to the couple, including hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons and Rihanna .Rihanna posted: 'Welcome to the world princess Carter! Love Aunty Rih.' Russell posted: 'Congrats to my good friends Beyonce and Jay-Z.'The baby's middle name Ivy may be in reference to Beyonce and Jay-Z's love of the number 4 - Roman numeral for 4 is IV.Beyonce and Jay-Z were married on April 4, 2008.Jay-Z's birthday is December 4.While Beyonce's birthday is September 4.Beyonce and Jay-Z have matching IV tattoos on their wedding fingers.The singer.s latest album is called 4, which was her fourth solo studio album.Jay-Z has a trilogy of albums under The Blueprint banner, which could have inspired his daughter's name. He has released The Blueprint, The Blueprint 2: The Gift &amp; The Curse and The Blueprint 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11418936", "title": "Wheat sacks get drenched in rain at railway godown", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of tons of wheat lying in CPC railway godown got drenched in the rain . The wheat sacks were witnessed lying in the open and, as it rained for the past two days, the entire consignment got wet.Consignments of wheat and other items are unloaded from goods trains at CPC godown. A fresh consignment of wheat had been kept in the open recently and covered with a polythene sheet. But when it rained heavily, the sheets could not be of much help and the wheat sacks got wet.Goats were also seen eating the wheat spilling out from the torn gunny bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423651", "title": "Sunny Leone behaved in an acceptable manner, says PCI", "text": "Press Council of India (PCI) Chairman Justice Markandey Katju on Monday ruled out any action against Sunny Leone, the porn star who recently participated in the Indian reality television show, Bigg Boss 5 .Broadcasting Content Complaints Council (BCCC), an independent body instituted by the Indian Broadcasters Foundation ( IBF ) received several complaints that Sunny Leone was promoting her personal pornography website with the help of her Indian reality TV performance.Her homepage, the complaints said, prominently advertised: 'As seen on Bigg Boss Season 5, now watch her strip down and be naughty and see why the world is obsessed with Sunny Leone.'However, on Monday, PCI chairman, Justice Katju while responding to a complaint by a viewer on the lack of action by the BCCC, ruled out any action against her. He said that Sunny Leone had behaved in an acceptable manner in the country.''If she (Leone) conducts herself in India in a manner which is socially acceptable in India and does not breach the social moral code in India, we should not treat her as a social outcast,'' Katju said.He added that in his opinion the Big Boss participant Sunny Leone was earning her livelihood in USA in a manner acceptable in that country, though it is not acceptable in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "11417870", "title": "4 boys make it to national basketball camp", "text": "GND STADIUM: After seven cagers from Ludhiana Basketball Academy (LBA) being selected in the state team for the national basketball championship, held in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, now four players from LBA are going to attend the national junior basketball camp that would be held in New Delhi. Along with twin brothers, Loveneet and Kushmeet Singh Atwal, Palpreet Singh and Akashdeep would take part in this camp.Loveneet, 17, is happy to have been selected for the camp. This is for the second time that he has made a place in the camp. In 2011 too, he was selected for the camp and played a number of championships. He was part of Indian team for 3 youth world basketball championship for under-18 boys that was held in Rimini, Italy, and had won a bronze medal in the individual shootout competition. He said 32 junior basketball players have been selected for this camp, of which four are from the state. Loveneet has been associated with the LBA for the last 10 years.His brother, Kushmeet, has made his entry in the Indian camp for the first time and is overjoyed with his selection. He said like his brother, he started practicing basketball at LBA at the age of 7 and used to go to the court with his father, Satpal Singh Atwal, who is also an international basketball player and played various competitions for the country. He said LBA is one of the best centres of basketball in the country.Akashdeep, 15, was part of the youth national camp and has been selected for junior camp for the first time. He hails from West Bengal but in 2011, gave LBA trials and was selected. He said the LBA has satisfactory basketball infrastructure and good coaches. Palpreet, 18, said he has been practicing basketball in LBA for four years and working hard for his selection in Indian junior team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "raiganj", "code": "11419574", "title": "Campus heat forces rejig of TMC's N Dinajpur unit", "text": "RAIGANJ: Under intense pressure from all quarters following the humiliating attack on the principal of Raiganj College by members of its students' wing, Trinamool Congress on Sunday indulged in some firefight by purging its North Dinajpur unit.Tilak Chowdhury, who allegedly led Thursday's assault on principal Dilip De Sarkar, was removed as working president of the party's North Dinajpur unit. Asim Ghosh, president of the unit, too, was removed. It wasn't immediately known whether Chowdhury would continue to be a member of the party's allcrucial North Bengal core committee. In spite of his \"working president\" designation , Chowdhury was the party's main face in the district with the president playing a largely ineffective role.Initially defiant, Chowdhury didn't find any popular support in the district leadership on which he had a vice-like grip till the other day, after state sports minister Madan Mitra rushed to Raiganj to defuse the fallout over the college fiasco. Mitra was on Sunday appointed observer of the party in North Dinajpur.The move against Chowdhury was expected after he was \"asked\" to surrender in court on Saturday. He was among the leaders named in the FIR for assaulting De Sarkar and vandalizing the college.\"From today, MLA Amol Acharya will be the president of Uttar Dinajpur district president in place of Asim Ghosh,\" Mitra said after a meeting of the district party unit. Denying that the reshuffle was related to the college fiasco, Mitra said: \"It is a routine change. It will be advantageous for a local MLA to run the district organization.\"Acharya, the MLA from Itahar, had left Congress prior to the assembly election to join Trinamool. In reply to a specific question on Chowdhury's designation , Mitra said, \"Tilakbabu did not express his wish to hold any post.\"Bratya invites student unions to talks tableIn an attempt to end campus violence, state education minister Bratya Basu on Sunday invited all student unions to the talks table. He has instructed the Higher Education Council to frame a comprehensive guideline on college union elections and its procedures and will also seek suggestions from the expert committee on higher education on the matter. The SFI welcomed the move by the minister, but said Basu should rise above petty party politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419294", "title": "Rahul ridicules Advani\u2019s rathayatra, Kushwaha\u2019s entry", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Sunday launched a frontal attack on senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader LK Advani saying that the BJP patriarch took out a rathayatra against corruption but his party has inducted the most corrupt leader of the Bahujan Samaj Party government.\"UP ministers are being removed and the BJP is taking them. They took Babu Singh Kushwaha, one of the most corrupt ministers. BJP took a yatra across India against corruption , but they run the most corrupt governments in Karnataka, Uttarakhand, Gujarat and Jharkhand,\" Rahul charged at a public meeting in Deoria. He also addressed a rally at Chauri Chaura in Gorakhpur.\"Kushwaha was the right hand man of CM Mayawati. For five years he indulged in corruption before being thrown out of BSP. He came to Congress for shelter, but we closed the doors ,\" Rahul said.The Amethi MP also slammed Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav . \"During Mulayam's rule, goons ran police stations,\" he said and wondered why Akhilesh Yadav can speak in English and work on computers but his father says there's no need for the poor in UP to study these subjects.The Gandhi scion said that there is a magical elephant (BSP's election symbol) in Lucknow which consumes all the money sent by the Centre for the poor. He promised to transform UP into a developed state in five years if voted. \" The people of UP have tried BJP, BSP and SP. Now they should give Congress a chance,\" he said.BSP state chief Swami Prasad Maurya rubbished Rahul's allegations against Mayawati. He said the Congress had ruled UP for 40 years but did nothing for the welfare of the people. \"Development started only after Mayawati took over as CM. In the last five years, she has done a lot for the state despite non-cooperation of the Centre,\" said Maurya.Maurya said the BSP government sought packages for development of backward areas of Bundelkhand and east UP but the demand was not met by the UPA government. He said, \"BSP expelled Kushwaha because of corruption. First Congress used him against Mayawati and now BJP is using him. Kushwaha is in BJP because his deal with Congress could not materialise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424701", "title": "Charlize Theron honoured at film Festival", "text": "Charlize Theron was honoured with the Variety Indie Impact Award at the Palm Springs Film Festival last night (08.01.12).The Oscar-winning actress was rewarded for her independent movie work at a star-studded gala at The Parker Hotel and when she accepted the accolade, she paid tribute to the independent film world.She said: \"I know that the Indie world had an impact on me, so I can talk about that. My career would have been very different. I feel 100 per cent that I have the career I have today because of independent filmmaking.\"Ten years ago it was so split, 15 years ago it was so split. Everyone knew when you did your dirty independent film and your sexy studio film. That's changed today, and I'm so proud to be a part of that.\"Charlize also became emotional during her acceptance speech and tearfully gushed: \"I never feel worthy of these things, so thank you to Variety, thank you.\"Previous recipients of the prize include Philip Seymour Hoffman and Mark Wahlberg .The event also showcased industry bible Variety's 10 directors to watch out for in 2012, which spotlights the most exciting new talents in the directing world.Steve Gaydos of Variety said: \"When Variety picks their 10 directors to watch when they look around the world for new directing talents, we don't just focus in Hollywood or America we really open it up to the entire world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11419323", "title": "No provision for quota based on religion: Ravi Shankar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bharatiya Janata Party national general secretary and chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad on Sunday slammed the Centre's decision of providing 4.5% religion-based reservation to Muslims and said that BJP would vehemently oppose the decision, because there is no provision in the Constitution for providing reservation on the basis of religion.Addressing reporters at the party office, Prasad said that the Congress government had taken this decision to appease the Muslims and grab their votes in the coming UP assembly election. Injustice had been caused to the backward classes by taking away 4.5% reservation out of the 27% quota reserved for them, he added.\"Why SP and BSP leaders, who claim themselves as champions of the backwards, are keeping mum on this issue,\" he asked. \"Former minister in Mayawati government Babu Singh Kushwaha, who was against giving reservation on the basis of religion, joined the BJP to associate himself with the struggle against quota for minorities,\" said the BJP spokesperson. He said that CBI is being misused in investigation of NRHM scam.\"Our party demands that this inquiry should be conducted in a just manner. The allegations levelled by my party against family members of chief minister Mayawati should also be probed by the CBI. It seems that Kushwaha is being targeted by the Centre to save Mayawati and her family members,\" he alleged.He also criticised Congress leader Rahul Gandhi for his remarks on 'BJP selling religion for votes'. He has advised the Congress leader to restrain from using such a language on a sensitive issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11419133", "title": "Judicial district status for Chikkodi kicks up dust", "text": "BELGAUM: The attempts of the government declaring Chikkodi as a separate judicial district has kicked up the dust. Condemning the attempt, the Advocates' Association in Gokak has boycotted court proceedings since Wednesday and called for 'Gokak bandh' on Monday, in association with Gokak Zilla Chalana Samiti (GZCS). Gokak is the second biggest city in district after Belgaum and a strong contender for a separate administrative district. Gaddigowdar Committee of the government also recommended Gokak for giving district status in 1986. To fight the government for this purpose, GZCS was constituted two decades ago in the leadership of former City Municipal Council (CMC) president late Ningayya Pujari.Splitting of Belgaum district, which has 10 taluks, is a long pending issue. But, due to strong opposition from Gokak, the district has remained undivided. The government has already decided to give district status for Chikkodi, which will help neighboring Hukkeri, Raigab and Athani taluks. The government is also creating necessary infrastructure in this regard and announced Chikkodi as separate educational district in the first step.Now government is going to declare Chikkodi as separate judicial district. Speaking to the TOI, Ashok Pujari, state JD(S) secretary and member of Gokak Zilla Chalana Samiti said judicial department recently asked details of pending cases from the courts neighboring Chikkodi. While seeking information, department clearly mentioned that the details were required for announcing Chikkodi as judicial district, he said.\"We strongly condemn the government stand. Gokak is suitable for district status by all means compared to Chikkodi and it was proved with the reports of different committees. We have called Gokak bandh on Monday in this regard and will plan next course of action after discussing with local leaders and intellectuals\", Pujari said to the TOI. Pujari also condemned the police department's proposal of sanctioning additional SP post for Chikkodi. Regarding judicial district status, a delegation of advocates will meet high court chief justice shortly, under the leadership of Gokak Bar Association president S V Demashetti.Major government offices presently working in Chikkodi are as follows- additional district health officer, zilla panchayat executive engineer, PWD executive engineer and KSRTC divisional controller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423070", "title": "Munisha Khatwani's dream house", "text": "Munisha Khatwani who is currently seen in Survivors on Star Plus is very fond of Bandra where she resides but still she has aspirations for a dream home.She says, \"Having spent a life time living in Bandra, all my dreams, aspirations and realities think of Bandra only as the ultimate home destination. According to me, my dream house should be a 4 BHK in a high rise building on the 20th floor. It should over look the ocean. I have a minimalist outlook, hence the house should be spare in terms of furniture and household properties and it should be very spacious too.The well lined kitchen will be black and steel. There should be big hall and terrace for home parties for twenty folks as I love to throw home parties. There should be potted plants as well. I would prefer Bandra as it has old world charm The churches like St. Andrews and Mount Mary and Bandstand make it the most amazing location.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418398", "title": "Brandy brawl ends in murder", "text": "CHENNAI: A caterer who got into a fight over brandy with a driver was stabbed to death with a beer bottle on Millers Road in Kilpauk on Sunday afternoon.Police said Mani Bharati, 21, was a cook. He and his mother lived in a slum near Kellys in Kilpauk. On Sunday afternoon, he went to a Tasmac shop on Millers Road.He met Irudhayaraj, 29, a driver and an acquaintance, and they drank together. An argument broke out between them over the sharing of half a bottle of brandy. The employees told the duo to take their quarrel outside.The argument soon turned into a fist fight and Irudhayaraj ran away. But he returned with a beer bottle and stabbed Mani Bharati in the thigh. \"He bled to death,\" said police. The body was taken to Kilpauk Medical College for postmortem.A case has been registered and the police are searching for Irudhayaraj. \"It happened in public view. Such fights should be prevented by the bar staff or they should inform the police immediately when they sense trouble,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11417231", "title": "Football tourney to kick off in city from Jan 17", "text": "PATNA: In an effort to popularize football in Bihar, a national-level football tournament will be launched in the state from this year. The 13-day tournament, to begin from January 17, has been named the 'All India Football Tournament for Bihar Cup'.Stating this here on Sunday, food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak said the tournament would constitute a part of the build-up to the actual centenary celebrations of the state. Education department principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh.As many as 16 teams from various parts of the country would vie for the cup and Rs 1 lakh prize money for the winning team, Rs 50,000 for the first runners up and Rs 25,000 each for the four teams in the two semi-finals. The teams would play out 13 games at the Moin-ul-Haq Stadium and three games either at the BMP ground or Mithilesh Stadium.Rajak said the government has announced Rs 10 lakh to the organizers of the football tournament -- Pataliputra Art Culture and Sports Foundation (PACSF). Its patron-in-chief is JD(U) Rajya Sabha member N K Singh. Among its patrons are leader of opposition in the state assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui, Bihar Legislative Council deputy chairman Salim Perwej, MLC Devesh Chandra Thakur, former minister Ranjit Sinha and Bihar Industries Association (BIA) president K P S Kesri.The prize money would also be there for individual performances of players -- like best player and best scorer category, among others. \"The organizers would pool in the money for individual performances and other expenditures through sponsorships,\" Anjani Kumar Singh said.Rajak said the tournament would be held every year to revive the game in Bihar. Several national-level tournaments -- Shri Krishna Gold Cup, Karpoori Thakur Gold Cup, Governor's Cup, Sanjay Gandhi Gold Cup, etc. -- were held in the state in the past. \"No use looking back! It is time to move on, and start afresh,\" PACSF president Rajak said.Bihar produced several national-level players like former national team captain and Arjuna Award winner Chandeshwar Prasad (or C Prasad) and captain of national junior team Chandan Gupta in the past, while players from Bihar regularly played with clubs (Mohan Bagan, East Bengal, Mohammedan Sporting) based at Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11419224", "title": "BJP leader's 4 bank accounts hacked, Rs 4L transferred", "text": "MANGALORE: BJP leader and shipping magnate Nagaraj Shetty's four bank accounts were hacked and Rs 4 lakh was transferred to a bank account at Moradabad in Uttar Pradesh on Saturday.Following a complaint by Shetty, Bunder North Police Inspector Vinay Goankar ensured that the Moradabad account was frozen by informing bank authorities there.Goankar said steps are being taken to reverse the transfer of money done online. The account to which the money was transferred is held by one Anil Dil Singh.Goankar, the investigating officer IT related offences, said verification process is on to find out whether Singh is the actual account holder, who introduced him to the bank etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11419001", "title": "Service to mankind to mark RKM's celebrations", "text": "KOLKATA: While the rest of the state is gearing up to celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda on January 12, the Ramakrishna Math and Mission has decided to celebrate Swamiji's birth anniversary from 2013 to 2014. The Mission will spent Rs 250 crore for special projects keeping in mind Swamiji's mantra of service to humanity. Of the total fund required, the Centre has sanctioned Rs 100 crore which is being disbursed in phases.The projects have been divided into two categories: Those which are being sponsored by the Centre and those funded by RKM. However, focus of each of these projects remains propagation of Swamiji's teachings, value education and service to marginalized people and most importantly, empowerment of women , said senior monks of RKM.To ensure implementation and execution of each of these projects, a national committee under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has been constituted for the Centre-sponsored projects. An implementation committee, led by Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , has also been formed.The working of the committees will be guided by the general secretary of RKM, Swami Prabhananda.Celebration for Swamiji's birth anniversary will not be restricted to India alone. Keeping in mind the universality of the legendary spiritual leader's teachings, RKM plans to take the celebration to an international level. A whole range of programmes is, hence, being drawn up, along with Unesco headquarter in Paris , to draw the attention of the global audience. A series of publications on the life, works and teachings of Swamiji have been lined up. These will be published in all major Indian languages, several dialects and tribal languages. Plans are afoot to publish these in select foreign languages as well.Two feature films in collaboration with the National Film Development Corporation have also been lined up apart from an animation film to be produced by the RKM Institute of Culture, Golpark. Filmmaker Gautam Ghosh has been roped to prepare the script for the films and oversee their making. The Mission will set up counselling cells for youths, parents and professionals, on how to live life and serve mankind and the country. A series of seminars involving national and international scholars are also being drawn up.To make Swamiji's teachings familiar among schoolchildren, RKM has decided to design an animated e-book that will not only talk about Swamiji's life and inspiration, but will also talk about leading personalities of the country who have been influenced by Swamiji.Among the programmes that will not be sponsored by the Centre is re-enactment of the famous speeches delivered by Swamiji at places where they were originally delivered like Colombo, Jaffna, Khetri, Shillong and Dhaka. \"Our aim is to bring about the creation of a healthy and knowledgeful society through all the celebratory programmes that we have lined up,\" said Swami Shubhakarananda, spokesperson for RKM, looking after the 150th birth anniversary celebrations.Subhojyoti Kanjilal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11418632", "title": "Medical colleges to churn out more doctors?", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to increase the number of undergraduate seats in all three government medical colleges to 250 each, the highest possible intake for any college under the Medical Council of India (MCI) norms. However, the government has been struggling hard to meet the standard set for the existing capacity of 150 students in these colleges.Working on the principle that raising the capacity in the colleges instead of establishing new ones will save costs, the government has been pushing for the maximum seat possibiity. There are just 10 medical colleges across India with such peak ability.\"The government will approach MCI to consider 100 more seats for Cuttack in 2013. A year later in 2014, it will plead for similar hike in VSS Medical College and Hospital Burla and MKCG Medical College and Hospital Berhampur,\" said Dr P K Das, director medical education and training (DMET).Dr Das said the Cuttack hospital is almost ready for the increase in seats, while efforts are on to match the requirement in the two other colleges. The government will create additional lecture theatres, increase hostel capacity, create one auditorium of 650-capacity each and upgrade laboratories and libraries in these colleges. The state has to increase the bed strength in Burla and Berhampur hospitals to at least 1,190 as per MCI norms for 250 MBBS seats from the current 800 and 1,081 beds respectively. The Cuttack hospital has a bed strength of 1,600, which exceeds the minimum bed requirement criteria for 250 seats.Dr Das said after infrastructure upgradation, there should not be any big huddles in increasing the number of seats. \"We don't have to worry much about faculties, except for filling up existing vacancies as the sanctioned strength is not far short of meeting the criteria for the proposed expansion. The government is taking steps to fill up the vacancies on a priority basis,\" the DMET said.If new medical colleges are established for 300 seats, the government will incur a cost of Rs 1,100 crore. But by spending Rs 450 crore on upgradation of infrastructure in existing colleges, the government can produce 300 more doctors every year at a 40% cost, said a senior officer of the DMET.Notably, the government increased MBBS seats in SCB Medical College from 107 to 150 in 2006 and made similar increase in VSS and MKCG after a year in 2007. The MCI last year gave its final recognition for the increased capacity in SCB Medical College. However, it is yet to give its permanent recognition to the two other colleges. Though MCI inspection for permanent recognition in these two colleges is due in February-March, the government is still struggling to fill up largescale vacancies in the two institutions.In Burla, around 60 of the sanctioned 163 posts in clinical disciplines are lying unoccupied, while over 20 of the 79 non-clinical posts are vacant. \"We have written to the government to fill up these vacancies before the MCI inspection,\" said Dr Santosh K Behera, principal of VSS Medical College. Similar largescale vacancies mar the MKCG Medical College and Hospital as well, sources said.\"We have around 50 vacancies of faculty members because base level posts of assistant professors could not be filled up for long. Now, the process has started again. We will shortly fill these vacancies,\" said Dr Sunamali Bag, principal of MKCG Medical College. Hopefully by another year, the infrastructure for the proposed expansion too will be ready, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11427336", "title": "Bobby's image makeover", "text": "Bobby Chakraborty is on a high.The actor, who is part of the mega Palabodol had recently gone on an outdoor. And this is what he had to say, \"I am just loving this change of image into an action mode as OC Arka Ganguly in Palabodol telecast on Etv! I just completed a mindblowing action-packed outdoor co ordinated by ace action choreographer Kumaresh Das at the Udaypur beach at Orissa where temperatures at night were as low as 7 degrees!\"Incidentally, this is a welcome change from his image of a bubbling Chinmoy in another mega titled Shedin Dujone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11418799", "title": "Panchkula's lake sinks on technical ground", "text": "PANCHKULA: In what would come as a disappointment for Panchkula residents looking forward to an artificial lake in the vicinity, it has now dawned upon Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) that the artificial lake that was to come up in Sector 24, Panchkula, is technically not viable. But, the Authority woke up to the fact only after spending Rs 10 lakh as consultation fee.HUDA had announced two years ago that a lake at an estimated cost of Rs 20 crore would come up on 22 acre land in Sector 24, Panchkula.\"Technical experts say the soil where the lake is to be constructed can't retain water and as a result the project is facing roadblocks. The water may percolate as soil is very porous,\" said a HUDA official, requesting anonymity. \"But, the experts are still trying their best to find an alternative,\" he added.\"HUDA is in a habit of toying with the Panchkula residents. They declared with aplomb that Panchkula would have an artificial lake and now it is technically not viable,\" said Rita Gandhi, a Sector 25 resident.Kritika Vashisht of Sector 14, Panchkula, said, \"We were excited about Panchkula getting a lake as we wouldn't need to go to Chandigarh if there was one here. They might be looking for alternatives, but we have already lost hopes.\"HUDA authorities had paid Rs 10 lakh to IIT Roorkee's irrigation department for consultancy and designing of the lake in July, 2011. It had even sent an estimated cost of Rs 20 crore to Haryana government for approval.The proposal was mooted based on the fact that Panchkula residents hardly had any recreational facilities in the vicinity. \"My cousins from Jalandhar had been asking if the lake in my town has come up. Without any substantial development in this regard here, I have never had an answer to their question,\" said Geetika Nangal of Sector 4, Panchkula.\"This is an irresponsible approach by the authorities. They should have worked about the feasibilities before mooting the project,\" said Jahanvi Sharma, a resident of Secor 12, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11419567", "title": "On the couch with the counsellor", "text": "Rajesh and Sonam (names changed) were both IT professionals and had been in a live-in relationship for three years. They even bought a house together, but were not married. When Rajesh suggested that they legalise the union, Sonam hesitated.Her reluctance stemmed from the fact that her parents were divorced. As a child, she was constantly shuttling between them as they were fighting a lot. Sonam was also scared of losing her independence. It was only after several rounds of counselling that she agreed to get married.Theirs is not a one-off case. From the complications that arise from sharing email passwords to legal tangles that spring out of a live-in relationship, new-age issues are prompting more couples to seek pre-marital counselling . Experts say that insecurity and infidelity are the new triggers revolving around women's independence.According to lawyer Adhilakshmi Logamurthy, who founded Sriraksha counselling and mediation centre, the rise in the number of live-in relationships over the last five years is a factor that drives couples to seek advice on how to proceed with their union.Having begun pre-marital counselling on a suggestion from Justice F M Ibrahim Kalifulla, Logamurthy said women often came to her just to be able to tell their partners that they want to be seen as equals since they were as qualified and earned as much, if not more, than their partners.Rajani Nandakumar, pre-marital and marriage counsellor, said that in some cases men get threatened by women's financial independence. \"One man would insist on checking his partner's ATM statement to know where she was spending her money. He didn't want any of it but wanted to keep tabs,\" she says.Increasingly, couples share email passwords, leading to strained ties at times. Dr Brinda Jayaraman, family therapist, said, \"Often couples keep a check on each other's mails. If their partner is not close to them and they happen to see that their partner has reestablished a connection with an older partner, it is perceived as a breach of trust. There has to be transparency among couples about these things.\"She added that instances of infidelity were on the rise, aided by factors such as late hours in IT companies or parties where alcohol ends up being used as an excuse. \"While smoking and drinking, first by men and now by women, have become acceptable, affairs are slowly going the same way as well. It has come to a point when a person justifies it saying, 'Is there anything lacking in our relationship? Am I not showing affection? What is wrong if I have a fling?' It shows a paradigm shift in values,\" says Jayaraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11422163", "title": "Gujarat IPS officer's email account hacked", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The email account of IPS officer Rajnish Rai has been hacked, police said.The officer registered a complaint on Friday after he found that password of his Gmail account had been changed without his knowledge, police said.According to the complaint, the account was hacked before January 6 by some unknown person.A case has been registered under Section 66 of the Information Technology Act.Police said that they have written to the email service provider Google about the alleged hacking and awaiting a response from them.Rai had come into prominence when he arrested three IPS officers D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandiyan and Dinesh M N, and other", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11418626", "title": "Collector bans carrying of arms in N Goa till March 9", "text": "PANAJI: North Goa district collector Mihir Vardan has imposed a ban on the carrying of all types of arms including fire arms, ammunitions and lethal weapons in public places in North Goa district with immediate effect till the election process is over on March 9.The orders have been issued in view of the model code of conduct in force for Goa's legislative assembly elections scheduled on March 3.'To ensure a free, fair and peaceful election, Mihir Vardhan, district magistrate, north Goa, prohibits the carrying of all type of arms with immediate effect till the election process gets over,' states the order.'To prevent obstruction, annoyance or injury to any person lawfully employed or danger to human life or safety, disturbance of public tranquility or riot or an affray, during the electioneering, this order is issued,' stated Vardhan.He also said that the above restrictions shall not apply to banks, public servants, police, defence personnel, security personnel on duty and sports persons, who are members of the National Rifle Association of India. 'Members of the a who are entitled to display weapons by long standing law, customs and usage unless they are found to be indulging in violence or posing a threat to the maintenance of law and order and peaceful conduct of elections are exempted,' the order stated. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11417595", "title": "First-time MLAs\u2019 tour has cops on toes", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The fear of Maoists and agitations by the anti-bauxite mining activists besides the reported threat of strike by the staff of the tourism department are giving sleepless nights to the cops and the district administration ahead of the tour of 146 first-time legislators to Visakha Agency between January 9 and 11.The proposed visit of the MLAs, including widow of former CM Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, Vijayalakshmi, to study the culture and traditions of the tribals is generating a lot of interest in the Agency, which is a Maoist stronghold.An agitation has been going on against bauxite mining in the area where the team of legislators is scheduled to stay in the accommodation to be provided by the tourism department for three days.The tourism staff are demanding the implementation of the revised wages. Vidya volunteers have given a call for 'Chalo Araku' rally on January 10 demanding a solution to their pending problems. The anti-bauxite mining activists have also warned the MLAs that they would not allow them if they make power-point presentations on the use of bauxite mining.The visit is set to cost the exchequer Rs 1 crore, including accommodation in the star hotels on the sea-front in Visakhapatnam, transportation and other facilities for the MLAs and their families in and around Araku. The district administration is now forcibly taking over all the rooms in more than 25 hotels and private guest houses in Araku to accommodate the MLAs and their entourage.A senior official said 200 of the 500 rooms have been booked. But the managements of private hotels in Araku valley said the district officials had told them to cancel all the reservations made by tourists for three days. Tourists from far off places like Kolkata, Siliguri, Bhubaneswar, Kharagpur and other parts of Chhattisgarh had reserved the rooms one and a half months ago.But these private hotel rooms would now be given to the officials and police personnel who would stay along with the MLAs. The tourism department has more than 140 rooms in its possession. \"It's the peak tourism season now as 5,000 tourists visit Araku,\" a guest house representative Killo Surendra said.The MLAs are planning to visit Minumuluru coffee plantation near Paderu and nearby villages on the first day. Nearly 1,500 special party police personnel have descended on the area and started combing operations. A similar number of cops are likely to arrive from three north coastal districts for security duty.More than seven DSP rank officers, 25 circle inspectors, 50 SIs and hundreds of constables would be on guard along with dog squads and bomb squads. \"A vigil with choppers would be conducted for the safety of the MLAs,\" DIG Soumya Misra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418040", "title": "\u2018Will only accept written statements of witnesses\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Acting on complaints that an investigating officer had pressurized witnesses to give statements in favour of a developer in a Kalachowkie redevelopment project, a magistrate has directed that she will henceforth accept only written statements.On January 2, 2012, metropolitan magistrate Sanjashree Gharat of 15 Mazagaon Court passed an order on an plea filed by advocate Dayanand Dere on behalf of Shridhar Shelar, a tenant of Modi Seth Chawl, Ambewadi. Dere said Shelar was being pressurized to sign a prepared statement and submit it to police inspector Arun Inerkar of Kalachowkie police station. He added that another witness was also similarly pressurized.On October 17, 2011, Gharat had directed the Kalachowkie police to register an FIR and probe a complaint of cheating and forgery lodged by another tenant, Sanjay Ambre.According to Ambre's complaint, the residents entered into an agreement with developer M/s Esque Finmark Private Limited to redevelop their plot. The chief promoter, Hukumsingh Rajpurohit, began collecting signatures for permission to develop the total plot of 30,000 sq m and to declare 17,300 sq m of it under the slum rehabilitation scheme. The residents opposed the idea and recorded their objection with the chief executive officer of SRA. In March 2011, they learnt that their plot has been declared a slum by SRA and the developer had obtained permission to develop it. Through the RTI Act, they learnt that 439 tenants' signatures were submitted but found names missing and signatures of deceased persons shown.Shelar's letter to the police commissioner was also produced, in which he stated that Hukumsingh was after him to sign a statement denying there was any irregularity. \"Therefore, witnesses are directed to submit their written statement to the police station which they intend to submit, with a copy to the court. So, no alteration, addition can be caused (sic),\" Gharat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418733", "title": "Foresters fire on illegal fishermen at Totladoh, 16 Hurt", "text": "NAGPUR: Some 16 fishermen fishing illegally in Totladoh reservoir inside Pench tiger reserve were injured when forest guards opened fire on them with 12-bore shotguns on Saturday evening. The forest guards, patrolling the dam on Pench river, claimed they opened fire in self-defence after the fishermen surrounded their boat in mid-reservoir and started attacking them after being challenged.A magisterial enquiry was instituted by the district collector into the matter later. The incident is latest in the ongoing tussle between the foresters and local fishermen dating back since the time the forest around reservoir was declared tiger reserve and fishing prohibited in it.\"A group of 12 forest staffers were zeroing in on a fishing boat when they were attacked by fishermen in other boats. Within no time, several boats surrounded our men. There were around 50 fishermen and our men were outnumbered. The forest staff retreated as it was growing dark after they managed to stave off attack on themselves,\" said AK Saxena, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF), wildlife, Nagpur.A group of 20 fishermen, resident of Rayyatwadi in New Deolapar, had sneaked into the prohibited zone for fishing at 5 pm on Saturday and was just preparing to lay their underwater nets when a foresters boat with eight gunmen approached them.According to Feroze Pathan, one of the injured fishermen, the forest guards had continued firing on them for almost an hour. \"We somehow managed to crawl back into the forest for cover and stayed there for seven hours writhing in pain. At midnight we started back for our home around 20 kms away. We walked four to five hours in injured condition and reached home,\" said Pathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418859", "title": "Foreign guests set to take pol position with kites", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hansuli Matter, a professor of architecture from Switzerland will celebrate Uttrayan in Moto Suthar Wado in Khadia. He will arrive with a group of six friends before Uttarayan to get the taste of killer kite flying in the walled city - the hallmark of which is hollering the loudest 'kaapyo che', festive dancing of kites and people on blaring music systems and the quintessential undhiyu-jalebi made by women of the house.Walled city pols known for their community living and havelis are also famous for vibrant Uttrayan festivities. However this year, enthusiasm for the forthcoming festival preparations is at an all time high as there is a remarkable rise in inquiries and bookings from the NRGs and foreigners who want to visit and stay in the pols during the festival.Jagdip Mehta, the owner of the Heritage House in Khadia, said, \"Due to rise in awareness on traditional celebrations of the festival, inquiries from US, UK, Australia and Europe have doubled this year. The interest in traditional food items too has seen remarkable increase.\" Mehta will host a group of 20 foreigners from Australia including his loyal guest Carole Douglas who has been coming for the festival from Melbourne since the past three years.Most of the pol residents are busy cleaning their terraces and stocking up kites, firkis for their guests. Special preparations for making dry food snack items including chikkis, fafdas, ganthiyas have began in these homes. An extended fresh menu having traditional dishes including khichdo, undhiyu, sherdi (sugarcane), bor (berries) and jalebis would be spread out for guests for two-day kite flying festival.Every year kite flying festival attracts thousands of visitors to the walled city. However, due to rising global awareness about the quintessential style in which kite flying festival is celebrated in the walled city, this year there is a tremendous rise in inflow of bookings and inquiries.Anupa Mehta of Arts Reverie in Dhal ni Pol, confirming the trend said, \"This year has seen increased interest in traditional ways of kite flying festival celebrations.\"Margi Vadhavania, NRG from US, who will stay at Dhobi ni Pol, is documenting the traditional ways Uttrayan is celebrated in the walled city. \"I love to celebrate Uttarayan at walled city of Ahmedabad and this year I am here to document the customary and traditional ways it is celebrated here,\" she said. Himanshu Mehta, residing at Desai ni Pol is expecting about 150 guests within 2-day festival, of which more than 60 are NRGs.\"We have seen a surge in inquires for visits and night stay prior to the festival this time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11419173", "title": "Meditation for world peace", "text": "DHARWAD: Prajapita Brahmakumaris Ishwariya Vishwa Vidyalaya, Dharwad will organize 'Parama Shantiya Anubhuti' a meditation programme for world peace in Dharwad at Kalabhavan on Monday.People from different walks of life will participate in the programme. DC Darpan Jain will inaugurate the function and HDMC commissioner K V Trilokchandra will be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11418046", "title": "HC asks for state\u2019s reply on rehab of slum loft occupants", "text": "MUMBAI: Observing that lakhs of slumdwellers will be affected, the Bombay High Court has sought the state government's reply on a petition challenging the exclusion of those living in lofts/upper floors of hutments in the slum rehabilitation scheme.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing petitions challenging the government resolution (GR) dated July 11, 2011, which states that occupants of lofts/upper floors are excluded from rehabilitation.One petition was filled by Gunaji Pagade, a resident of Panchsheel Housing Society at Bandra (E), which is to be redeveloped. On July 28, 2011, the slum rehabilitation authority ( SRA) held him ineligible for rehabilitation on the grounds that he is an occupant of the upper floor/loft structure, even though he claims he has been staying there since before 1976. While the order noted that Pagade's photo pass and other documents are in order, his claim was being rejected only on the basis of the GR.According to Pagade's petition, the GR is ultra vires and contrary to the statutory provisions of the Maharashtra Slum Areas (Improvement, Clearance and Redevelopment) Act 1971, which states that the dwelling structure is inclusive of a loft/upper floor. It points out that under the Act, a 'protected occupier' means an occupier of a dwelling structure who holds a photo pass, while a 'dwelling structure' means a structure used as a dwelling or otherwise and includes outhouses, sheds, huts or other structures, whether of bricks, masonry, wood, mud, metal or any other material whatsoever. Thus, states Pagade, he is a protected occupier.Pagade's petition also states that the GR was meant for the purpose of issuing a photo pass and he has been issued one in 1976. His name is also reflected in voters' list of January 1, 1995. Pagade urged the court to quash and set aside the SRA's order, the GR and to direct his name to be included for rehabilitation. Advocates Anil Anturkar and Sugandh Deshmukh argued, \"The parent statute includes provision for a loft. Can a GR nullify the parent statute?\" The judges said that they would like to know the state's response. \"After all, it will affect lakhs,\" added Justice Bobde. The judges have granted the state two weeks to file a reply.Petitioner Gunaji Pagade's claim was being rejected only on the basis of a GR that states that a slumdweller is not entitled to be rehabilitated if he stays in the loft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423567", "title": "I miss my abba every day: Shabana Azmi", "text": "Ready to perform Kaifi Aur Main at Times Pune Festival today with Javed Akhtar, Shabana Azmi gets candid on love and life...Labour of love Her mood lightens the moment you mention Times Pune Festival. \"Kaifi aur Main is a celebration of Abba's life and works seen through the eyes of my mother, noted theatre and film actress, Shaukat Kaifi. Sensitive and touching narrative written by Javed Akhtar is based on Ammi's book of memoirs Yaad Ki Rehguzar as well as on Kaifi Azmi's interviews and writings. Each word of this presentation belongs to my parents' life, and Javed and I enact them. So, it's a labour of love, which has got a standing ovation everywhere!\"Pune gladdens me! Staging this unique presentation in Pune means a lot to me because the city gladdens my heart every time. Here, people understand and appreciate good music, art and theatre. And in Kaifi Aur Main, there's something for everyone. Those, who love theatre, will relate to it. Bollywood music buffs will also get to enjoy some lovely numbers penned by abba and sung by Jaswinder Singh. Lovers will enjoy its inherent romance, which thrived despite suffering, ill-health and socio-political turmoil. This performance in Pune is even more special because this is a part of abba's 90th birthday celebrations, which will culminate on January 19, his birthday!\"'Javed and I' This theatrical collage has made waves for being Javed Akhtar's theatrical debut. Ask her if he was nervous matching wits on stage with his wife, who is serenaded as a brilliant actress, and Shabana says with a chuckle: \"Javed does not know the meaning of nervousness; although, he pretends otherwise. Everytime ahead of a show, he says, 'Dekhna ab jab main boloonga, toh logon ko pata chal hee jayega ki mujhe acting nahin aati!' But, it's all a sham; he's a natural actor!'Love actually Try ragging her about her husband making her blush even today, and Shabana says pertly: \"There are young girls who tell me that I'm so lucky to have such a romantic poet for a husband, and I always tell them that Javed doesn't have a romantic bone in his body! He reasons, 'Just because you are a trapeze artiste, it doesn't mean you have to hang upside down even at home!' But, the binding force in our marriage is our deep friendship and our shared world-view. Javed always says - 'shaadi bhi hamari dosti ko nahin hila saki!' We do have our shares of fights. Recently, when we were building our home - Sukoon - both of us had different takes on how it should look. After a while, I was completely baffled by the scales that the home had taken. A dear friend then told me - \"Shabana, the difference between you and Javed is of Sholay and Ankur.' He can only think 70mm and I go into minute details. But, we accept and cherish these differences!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418145", "title": "Endangered macaque at Vandalur gives birth", "text": "CHENNAI: A lion-tailed macaque gave birth at the Arignar Anna Zoological Park in Vandalur on Sunday. This is the third time in less than a year that a macaque has given birth at the zoo.The new-born and its 15-year-old mother Apsara are healthy. The baby weights 500g and is 10cm long. Visitors are allowed to view the new-born in the enclosure.\"We are giving them a special diet, including eggs and fruits for the mother. It will take at least two months to know the baby's gender,\" said zoo director and chief conservator of forests KSSVP Reddy.Apsara, zoo sources said, and her 18-year-old companion Vijayan, were born at Vandalur zoo. A few months ago, another lion-tailed macaque gave birth at the zoo, which has a total of 24 macaques.Classified the most threatened primate under the Indian Wildlife Act, 1972, the lion-tailed macaque is endemic to the Western Ghats and found in Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu.Vandalur zoo accounts for 38.1% of lion-tailed macaque population in the country's zoos due to its captive breeding programme. \"The total population in the wild is around 4,000,\" a senior zoo official said.The gestation period of a lion-tailed macaque is around six months. The young are nursed for one year. The life expectancy in the wild is about 20 years and 30 in captivity. The primate's range has become increasingly isolated and fragmented by the spread of agriculture and human settlements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11418206", "title": "Truck drivers damage Deori RTO check post", "text": "GONDIA: A large number of truck drivers blocked the highway near Deori regional transport (RTO) check post on Saturday to protest rampant corruption by officials working there.Driver of a truck who refused to give in to the demand of officials for money was forcibly detained. This angered other truck drivers who damaged the check post close to Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh border. Drivers alleged that malpractices by officials were on the rise.The driver whose vehicle was detained at the office reportedly submitted necessary papers. As per rules, he had to pay Rs 500 for checking papers. However, employees Kaisar, Ashfaque Ahmad, Raut and Shende allegedly demanded Rs 1,500. They also took papers in their possession which angered the other drivers.Deori police inspector Narnaware tried to pacify truck drivers, but without success. Later, intervention by Vishwas Pansare, deputy SP, helped situation bring under control. The check post officials chose not to file a police complaint.20 cattle rescuedA special squad of police rescued at least 20 cattle on Balaghat highway from going to a slaughter house at Nagpur on Saturday.Police laid a trap near village Kudwa and checked a truck (MH/35/1621) coming from Balaghat in which 20 cattle were crammed. The cattle were later sent to rescue home and truck was seized. An offence was registered against Ashok Bagade (21) of village Katagtola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11418210", "title": "Pubs flout deadline, nights get unsafe", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR lodged at the DLF-II police station has once again shown how pubs in Gurgaon are operating beyond the official deadline. A Delhi-based driver in his complaint to Gurgaon police has named the pub which he left only at 4.30 am on Sunday before being shot at by unknown persons on MG road. The victim, Teju Malik, a resident of Masoodpur in Vasant Kunj, lodged a complaint on Sunday that an unknown man had shot at him in the early early morning.Malik in his FIR has claimed that he works with a private firm which has its office in Mohammadpur Khandsa. On Saturday night, he had visited a pub in Sahara mall with a friend and co-employee, Deepak, around 11pm. They had come there in their company's Toyota Camry car. They were at the pub till 2 am. After that, they went to the MGF Metropolitan mall around 3 am and entered another popular pub at 3.15 am. Malik has mentioned that they left the pub well after one hour.According to the complaint filed, Malik and his friend were returning to Vasant Kunj, when they heard a gun shot. For a some time, Malik did not realize that the bullet had hit him. Police officers said that Malik has claimed that he pulled out the bullet from his body. Then he was rushed to the Holy Angel hospital at Vasant Vihar and was admitted there. After treatment, he approached the DLF-II police station to lodge a complaint.\"We have registered a case under Section 307 of the IPC (attempt to murder) and Arms Act against unknown persons and are investigating the incident,\" said Kailash Chand, additional SHO of the police station.Meanwhile, investigators had a different story to tell. They said that the accused had come to the pub without informing his boss.\"They had left the Sahara Mall bar after it was closed. But when they were at another pub in Metropolitan mall, a brawl broke out between them and a group of youth. Finally, the bar employees and bouncers asked them to leave the place. Malik left in his car and at MG Road, he was shot at by unknown man sitting in another car. Since he was under the influence of alcohol, he didn't realize that the bullet had hit him,\" said a police officer.While a thorough investigation would bring out the truth behind the shooting incident, this single case is an indicator of how law and order in Gurgaon are openly violated and how police have failed to implement their own decision to shut pubs after the official deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418277", "title": "12-year-old boy tricks, robs man", "text": "NAGPUR: A 48-year-old man was tricked by a 12-year-old boy who escaped with a bag containing a cash of Rs 7,000 on Saturday.Shabbir Raj had gone to pay the rental of his mobile phone at an outlet on Mount Road. After his return, Raj kept the bag on the handle of the two-wheeler when a boy came there and said that some currency notes were strewn in front of the front wheel. As Raj looked aside, the boy snatched the bag and started running. Raj gave him a chase for some distance but the boy later sped away on a bike. Sadar police have registered an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11417915", "title": "3 nabbed for selling pistols", "text": "PUNE: The local crime branch on Friday arrested three suspected arms dealers near Mundhwa bypass and seized three country-made pistols and nine cartridges.The suspects, Wasim Shaikh alias Pansare (25), Viajnath Andhale (22) and Ganesh Kardile (23) had come from Beed to sell the arms.Acting on a tip-off, a police team led by inspector of anti-dacoity cell Satish Govekar laid a trap near a restaurant on Mundhwa bypass and nabbed them. \"We are trying to find out the source of the firearms and the prospective buyers,\" Govekar said.A case under sections of the Arms Act has been registered with the Airport police station.The investigating team comprised assistant police inspetor Yashwant Phulwade, police constables Santosh Jagtap, Aurn Budhkar, Sharad Kanse, Najir Patel and Vishnu Sarwade.On January 5, the crime branch had arrested two criminals on police records and seized 10 firearms and 83 cartridges from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11418016", "title": "Bakers make products popular via e-route", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sensing the love of youngsters for social networking sites like Facebook, bakers in Ludhiana have made their accounts and pages to promote their bakeries through these sites.Says 25-year-old Harjinder Singh, owner of Hot Breads in Sarabha Nagar, \"It is a necessity in the present times of social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter that we should have accounts on these sites. The idea is to make use of social networking sites for promotion of our product online. It is free and catches the attention of youth, who are connected to the internet through phones and laptops at the same time.\"He added, \"We have our own page on facebook, which we have linked to our twitter account. Our valued customers get to know about our products like cakes, pastries, pizzas, burgers and pastas online. After we made the page on Facebook, we had 3,293 people liking our page, which shows how popular we are among Ludhianvis. Those who have liked our page include people from Sarabha Nagar, Model Town, BRS Nagar, Gurdev Nagar, Pakhowal road area, Ghumar Mandi and other areas of Ludhiana.\"Another bakery owner, Swastika Dutta of Cake Square, who has made an open group on Facebook called City Square says, \"We have 663 members in the group we created. We have placed every information about the cake square in the information link of the open group. We have a pastry chef from Taj hotels in charge of the oven and well-groomed professional team for operation. Some exclusive menu items to look forward and plan a bite at Cake Square include the orange and grape slice pastry, Japanese cheese cake, lemon ginger muffin, sausage baguette and lot many surprises in store for all on visit.\"Raman Singh Pahwa, a youngster of Sargodha colony near Gurdev Nagar who has liked the \"Hot breads\" member page says, \"Since the bakers and restaurant owners in Ludhiana know that net users are mostly glued to Facebook and twitter, they have made their accounts on these social networking websites to promote their products. I also placed orders with many bakers and restaurants after surfing through their social networking pages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11418860", "title": "Use herbs, spices to keep cold at bay", "text": "KANPUR: With the advancement of medical science, the people are forgetting the use of natural herbs for prevention of certain diseases. Even the doctors believe that natural herbs are best to tackle winter ailments.The Ayurvedic doctors believe that natural herbs and home-made remedies are always effective. \"Spices are a treasure trove of health benefits. Many spices have properties that can keep several ailments at bay,\" said Dr SK Pandey, principal of Jawaharlal Nehru Homeopathic Medical College.Turmeric or 'haldi' is on top of the list of spices. \"This Indian spice is considered as a natural antibiotic. A host of medical studies claim that its anti-inflammatory action is sometimes better than cortisone and phenylbutazone treatment,\" Dr SK Pandey said. He added that turmeric is frequently used in Indian cuisine. One can also add it to milk or honey in order to avoid cough.Cinnamon, one of the oldest known spices, is on the second position. It can stimulate blood circulation, thus inducing warmth in body. It is the perfect spice for the cold climate as it helps in strengthening the immune system. A pinch of powdered cinnamon and a teaspoon of honey in warm water in the morning can protect one from cold.\"Sometimes, it is mixed with ginger to tackle common cold. Cinnamon boiled in hot water will keep the winter trouble away,\" Dr RS Prajapati, an ayurvedic and unani expert said.Another useful spice is cardamom. Tea mixed with cloves and cardamom is helpful in preventing cough and cold. The grandmother's remedy is to boil two or three cardamoms in a cup of water and add a teaspoon of honey to drink before going to bed.It is said to clear nose and chest congestions. The aroma uplifts the spirits and veer away depression.Cloves are at number four in the chart of natural herbs. \"Ayurvedic medication relies on cloves to treat respiratory problems. Chewing a clove is said to help ease irritations in the throat and chewing a burnt one is said to tackle cough,\" added Dr Prajapati.Another spice ginger is an easily available natural herb. Indian housewives often prepare ginger-garlic paste and use it cooking. Soups are perfect for winters. Add fresh ginger pieces to chicken soups and relish with garlic. It has anti-inflammatory capacities and helps in fighting throat and chest infections.\"Chewing a ginger piece everyday will keep various winter ailments a bay. A piece of garlic is also helpful in making the immune system strong,\" added Dr Prajapati.Ayurvedic experts pointed out black pepper and jaggery is also very helpful in fighting cold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "muzaffarnagar", "code": "11424900", "title": "Cancel Salman Rushdie's visa: Deoband", "text": "MUZAFFARNAGAR: Opposing controversial author Salman Rushdie's visit to India, Islamic Seminary Darul Uloom Deoband today said the government should cancel his visa as he had hurt religious sentiments of Muslims in the past.65-year-old Rushdie, who had earned the wrath of Muslims worldwide due to his novel 'The Satanic Verses', is set to attend the Jaipur Literature Festival this month end.\"Indian government should cancel his visa as Rushdie had annoyed the religious sentiments of Muslims in the past,\" Maulana Abul Qasim Nomani, the Vice Chancellor of Darul uloom, said in a release.The government should take into account the feelings of Muslims against Rushdie, he stressed.Rushdie's novel 'The Satanic Verses', which was banned by India, had sparked outrage in the Muslim world, including a fatwa against him by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the Supreme Leader of Iran , on February 14, 1989.The Indian-origin Rushdie had earlier visited the literary extravaganza in the Pink city in 2007.On January 21, Rushdie along with authors Rita Kothari and Tarun Tejpal is slated to discuss the nuances of English with noted writer Ira Pande on the topic 'Inglish, Amlish, Hinglish: The chutnification of English'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "11419157", "title": "Class V, VIII textbooks will change next year: Kageri", "text": "BAGALKOT: Primary and education minister Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri on Saturday said that textbooks for Class V and Class VIII would change from next academic year. Talking to reporters at Jamakhandi town in the district, he added that a meeting of education standing committee members of all ZP, TP, GP town municipality, municipality and corporations will be held in Bangalore on January 20 as part of which an workshop will be organized to create awareness about the Right to Education Act and responsibilities of elected representatives with regards to government schools.He added, \"Over 85% of the children in the state are studying in government schools. Education standing committee members in local bodies should show more interest towards government schools.\" He added that the government would take strict actions against teachers who were not attending classes regularly.\"It has come to the notice of that some teachers' associations office bearers are not attending the schools regularly. In this connection an order has been issued to all DDPI in which the government has instructed them to conduct surprise visits to schools and take disciplinary action against teachers who are not attending classes.\"MLA Srikant Kulkarni, MLCs G S Nyamagouda and Arun Shahapur were present at the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "faridabad/gurgaon", "code": "11417682", "title": "Haryana govt asked to increase Mangar forest cover", "text": "FARIDABAD/GURGAON: After concerns were raised about the Haryana government's plan to put a huge patch of forest area in Mangar and its adjoining villages in Faridabad under residential, agricultural and industrial use, the local town and country planning department has proposed that the state government double the forest cover.Against the department's earlier plan to put only 1,822 hectares under the forest category in the Draft Mangar Development Plan 2031, the new proposal seeks to increase it to approximately 3,800 hectares. This may upset the plans of real estate developers and those eyeing to own a farmhouse in the Aravalis.The state-level committee is scheduled to hold a review meeting on Thursday in Chandigarh to finalize the plan, which will cover 10,426 hectares across 23 villages, including Mangar, Alampur, Gothra Mohabatabad, Sirohi, Pali, Dhauj and Kabulpur Bangar.Sources in the state forest department said that about nine villages have substantial forest cover. \"It could be to the tune of 4,000 hectares. If we manage to protect 3,800 hectares, it would be a great achievement. The realtors and private entities have been pushing to minimize the forest cover,\" said an official posted at the state headquarters.After TOI had first reported about the draft plan that poses threat to the green cover, environment activists took up the issue with government officials. \"There is a contiguous patch of forest from Asola in Delhi up to Khot in Faridabad. If we allow farmhouse or any non-forest activity in this corridor, it will have huge adverse impact on wildlife in the region,\" said a Haryana wildlife department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "citizen enclave", "code": "11417883", "title": "On a roll, Harshveer gathers medals", "text": "CITIZEN ENCLAVE: Skater Harshveer Singh Sekhon is proving that his feet are literally on wheels. At a national school skating meet held in New Delhi recently, he won a silver and bronze medal. Although a little disappointed that he couldn't clinch the gold, 14-year-old Harshveer won silver in three kilometre road race and bronze in 1,000 metre rink race.\"It was a great exposure for me since there were skaters from different states,\" he said. A resident of Citizen Enclave, Harshveer said he started practising in 2008. \"Whenever I saw someone skating I would long to learn too, so I discussed with my parents and they supported me. But, when I started practising it was very hard for me. I practice three hours every day and in time I learned the technique of balancing,\" he said.In 2011, he won three gold medals in state and district level skating competitions. Now, Harshveer is focusing on open national skating championship to be held in Bangalore at the end of January. \"My only aim is to represent the country in major international skating championships,'' he said.A student of Class VIII in DAV School, BRS Nagar, Harshveer said he feels the game is not promoted by the sport authorities and state government because of which skaters are not able to rise up to their full potential.His father Baljeet Singh Sekhon is very hopeful of Harshveer's success in skating. \"He works hard on his acts and is doing well in the under-14 category. I am certain he will reach the international rink and make us proud,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11426137", "title": "\u2018Being Mallu\u2019 tops Indian Twitter trends", "text": "KOCHI: Malayalis became the hottest topic on Twitter on Monday, with the hashtags #mallus, #gelf, and #beingmallu featuring in the top ten trends in the country. Moreover, #mallus topped the local trends in India by Monday afternoon.(For the uninitiated, hashtags (#) are equal to keywords in 'twitterdom' and are affixed before a keyword while tweeting about the subject.)After the hashtag, #beingmallu defined as the characteristics synonymous with Kerala's culture, Malayalis across world joined in the tweeting spree. Users came up with interesting aspects of life that are particular to Kerala and Malayali way of life.#beingmallu began as a response to #beinggujju on Monday morning. While the interest over #beinggujju died down soon, #beingmallu conversation could keep the pace till evening, with Malayalis making fun of themselves in tweets and non-Malayalis confirming them. A few proud Malayalis were seen denouncing #beingmallu as derogatory too on Twitter.Interesting tweets on being Malayalis (sic):1.Being Mallu is you are assured you are more literate than the guy standing next to you, unless he too is a Mallu.2.Being Mallu is living in \"Gelf\" and enjoying vacations in Kerala in a bungalow surrounded by coconut trees.3.Being Mallu means your uncle is in \"gelf\".4.Being Mallu means you will mock at a non-Mallu at least once a day, and at fellow Mallus half the day.5.Being Mallu is getting cheated repeatedly by SAME frauds, and telling \"you can't cheat me that easily\".6.Being Mallu is having a drink and worrying about the situation in Uganda , Cuba , and Poland .7.Being Mallu is Going to DUBAIH ..simbly to meet your UNGLE and AUNDY in GELF...8.Being Mallu is to live anywhere else on the planet but not in God's Own Country.9.Being Mallu is when you can buy a mansion anywhere in the world and still stand in the balcony, proudly wearing only baniyan and lungi.10.Being Mallu - quite easy to realize this - the only set of people who like making fun of themselves!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11418316", "title": "Keralite, Communist and ... Pakistani!", "text": "NAGPUR: Biwiathil Mohiuddin Kutty represents two rare creeds of Pakistan - Keralite and Communist. His Pakistani nationality would surprise anyone, since even after 60 years of staying in the country Kutty still speaks Urdu and English with a strong Malayalam accent. A trade union leader from Karachi, who had been jailed during the Ayub Khan regime for his pro-democracy stance, Kutty was in Nagpur on the invitation of a voluntary organization Chhatra Jagruti.With Pakistan standing on the crossroads and the government talking of early elections, Kutty says the Zardari government, despite its shortcomings, should not pave way for a military regime. \"The priority should be to safeguard a democratically elected government. The Pakistani People's Party (PPP) regime led by Asif Ali Zardari is also beneficial for India, as it was during his regime that talks were initiated between the two countries, with hopes for parleys going on,\" he said.\"Pakistani external affairs minister Hina Khar has said that the talks should continue uninterrupted and remain uninterruptible. It can only happen if a democratically elected government is in place, said Kutty.Kutty also pooh-poohed the memogate affair, saying the Pakistani army is currently not in a position to take over the government. \"Although the situation may change in the coming years, God forbid it should not,\" said Kutty, as he stressed on the need of survival of the democratic fabric in Pakistan.\"Early elections will rather strengthen the democracy, as the new government will only come on the basis of a public mandate unlike a military dictatorship. The Pakistani people should also repose faith in democracy,\" he said.Kutty also disagreed with Anna Hazare's stance on corruption, comparing him to cricketer Imran Khan , who is claiming he will eradicate corruption from Pakistan in 90 days. Kutty calls Khan's claim a 'gimmick'.Kutty migrated to Karachi after partition to join the small community of Keralites living there since 1922. The original community were mainly from the Malabar region of Kerala, who fled to Karachi to save themselves from being persecuted by the British after the Mopah rebellion of 1922. They were mainly tea vendors and pan shop owners, who eventually grew to become businessmen. Karachi city also has a Calicut Building, harking back to its Kerala links. With their family back in Kerala, many from the community came back to India or shifted to Dubai , and only some 10,000 to 15,000 remain in Karachi, holding on to their original culture.The staunch communist says that Pakistan's equations with India would have been entirely different if the National Awami Party, a leftist outfit which eventually faded out of the Pakistani political scene, had been in power. It was also parallel to the Awami League in East Pakistan, said Kutty, initially having sizeable public support and winning elections in Balochistan and the North West Frontier Province.Kutty was also the political adviser to the Governor of Balochistan in the 1970s. Speaking about the Baloch crisis, he says it is the youth and not the tribal chieftains who should be the government's focus of confidence building in this region, where people have been complaining of backwardness, leading to unrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11418836", "title": "5,000 people given old-age pension", "text": "SALEM: Dharmapuri district revenue officer S Ganesh said that 5,000 people in the district have been provided with old age pension under chief minister J Jayalalithaa's revised pension scheme where pension was raised from Rs 500 to Rs 1000 per month.Another 9000 persons will get the old age pension very soon. He also confirmed that pension would be given within 15 days from the date of application. The forms were available at the village administrative office. He made this announcement at the function held on Sunday for the distribution of free goats, mixies, grinders and fans.The district panchayat president R Anbazhagan issued free goats to 116 poor villagers and gave free mixies, grinders and fans to 335 women in the district. S Ganesh said that the free mixies, grinders and fans would be given to 3.63 ration card holders in the district. This year, 53,000 persons will avail this benefit. He also said that service centers have been set up for the repair of appliances. Residents can get their appliances repaired at Sangeet Electronic Centre in Pappireddipatti and at Maruthi Electronic at Aroor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11419461", "title": "UP Ranji ex-captain makes debut on poll pitch", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After playing vital knocks for Uttar Pradesh in different domestic league tournaments and bailing out his team from crunch situations, former UP captain Jyoti Yadav would be making his electoral debut from Allahabad (West). Caught in a three-sided contest involving sitting BSP MLA Puja Pal (wife of slain BSP MLA Raju Pal) and former Phulpur MP Atiq Ahmed, who is contesting on Apna Dal ticket, Jyoti exudes confidence and says that being a greenhorn would be advantageous for him.Speaking to TOI, the former UP captain , said, \"I am getting tremendous support from all the corners of my constituency. My confidence comes from the fact that majority of voters in my constituency are youngsters.\" Son of a former MLA Gopal Das Yadav, who represented the constituency from 1984 to 1989, Jyoti says, \"My father a former MLA from the same constituency also enjoys considerable goodwill among the local public.\" On reasons to join SP, he said, \"I have always been influenced by Samajwadi ideology and this was the major reason for my joining the party to strengthen Netaji (Mulayam Singh Yadav).\"Jyoti, who made his Ranji trophy debut against Kerala in Lucknow in 1994-95 , went on to play in the Ranji Trophy till 2006-2007 season. He was also the member of the Indian team, which played against Pakistan in the Sahara Cup in Toronto led by Mohammad Azharuddin in 1998. In 93 first-class matches spanning 148 innings, Jyoti scored 4831 runs at an average of 35. His highest score was 146. The left-arm orthodox bowler has claimed 11 first class wickets with the best spell being 3 for 11.Commenting on the difference between the cricket field and political arena , he said, \"While playing cricket I used to get up at around 5.00 am for net practice. Now, the same schedule is being followed while campaigning for elections . However, it's a different ball game altogether.\"Hailing SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and party's state president Akhilesh Yadav , the 34-year-old former cricketer said, \"SP is getting support from all quarters of the society, and there is a strong feeling of anti-incumbency among the voters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11421261", "title": "All is not well with Priyanka Chopra", "text": "Juggling shoot schedules, hopping across the globe for events and possibly too much emotional stress has left Priyanka Chopra not in the pink of her health.At the Mumbai Police annual celebration, Umang, the actress, who was supposed to perform on stage, had an alarming bout of dizziness and almost collapsed. In fact, she was left so weak that she had to skip her act with the cops and was rushed home immediately.\"It happened all of a sudden. Piggy Chops (as she is fondly called) felt extremely weak. Her blood pressure dropped drastically,\" a close friend of the actress informed Mirror.Sensing that something was wrong, when she failed to step out of her vanity van, the organisers of the Police Mela (Moranis) rushed to Priyanka's side. \"Accompanied by some senior cops, the Moranis went into her van and told her to take it easy. They advised her not to perform and quite categorically told her to go home,\" added the friend.This is not the first time Priyanka, possibly one of the busiest stars in the industry, has had medical issues. Her health raised an alarm in April 2009, when she fainted on the sets of Ashutosh Gowariker's What's Your Rashee?At the time, her mother had rushed to the sets of the film along with a doctor. \"My immune system has just gone a bit haywire,\" Priyanka said then. Though Gowariker had wanted to pack-up after the incident, Priyanka insisted on completing her shots.The next day, despite her ill health, Priyanka had performed at the Miss India pageant and returned to shoot for Ashutosh's film soon after.The ill health however, had not stopped nagging her. A couple of days later, Priyanka complained of stomach ache and had no strength to shoot. She was taken to the hospital for a check up and was later admitted. Her father, Dr Ashok Chopra, had said then, \"Her reports are all normal but she has been advised to slow down her work.\"Work however, did not slow down. In August 2009, Priyanka fainted again. This time at a promotional event for Kaminey held in an Andheri multiplex.Attributing her latest health issues to a bout of fever and long hours of work, Priyanka's friend told Mirror, \"She has just come back from Aurangabad after completing her shoot for Kunal Kohli's Teri Meri Kahaani. She wasn't keeping too well in Aurangabad either. She had fever as well. And then on Saturday, she spent the entire day dubbing for Karan Malhotra's Agneepath. And then she went for Umang. All this added up and took a toll on her health.\"\"She is better now but has been advised rest by doctors. Hopefully, she should be up and about soon,\" said the friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11422100", "title": "Polling in UP scheduled for February 4 is postponed to March 3", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission has rescheduled the first phase of polling in the upcoming assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh from February 4 to March 3.The change in schedule was necessitated by an uncertainty over the date of 'Barawafat' festival, the birth anniversary of Prophet Mohammad, which may also fall on February 4.The poll panel has also requested the governor of Uttar Pradesh not to issue the notification for the first phase scheduled on January 10, 2012.According to the earlier announcement, the Uttar Pradesh elections was scheduled for seven phases between February 4 and 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11417950", "title": "Mumbai police chief looks east for peace", "text": "MUMBAI: Ever since he took over the reins of the Mumbai police a year ago, peace is eluding high-profile police commissioner Arup Patnaik. Initially, he was at the receiving end for passing uncalled for remarks against his predecessors in the presence of junior Indian Police Service (IPS) officials and journalists, without realizing that the next day that it would make headlines.Known as one of the toughest IPS officials, Patnaik was quick to launch a massive but unsuccessful damage-control exercise. It was followed by a whisper campaign against him, that two joint commissioners of police and three additional commissioners had knocked at the doors of home minister R R Patil and additional chief secretary U C Sarangi, complaining that they were tired of working in the Mumbai commissionerate, and that they should be immediately shifted.Significantly, Patil and Sarangi made it clear that there was no written communication from any IPS official seeking a transfer out of Mumbai. If approached, they will be happy to shunt them out, as the state needs efficient and result-oriented IPS officials elsewhere too. While the dust of these allegations was yet to settle, Patnaik was charged with boycotting crucial meetings convened by Patil over internal security, particularly to discuss measures taken by the government in the wake of the worst terror attack on the metropolis on November 26, 2008.But Patnaik is unperturbed and has chosen the path of vastu shastra to tackle rivals and be at peace. A month ago, while giving a new look to his office, he changed his table's direction. His predecessors faced the west, while Patnaik will face the east. Patnaik's colleagues said that after the changes, there appears to be minor relief for the controversial police commissioner.Record tenuresA week ago, when the commission of inquiry headed by Justice J A Patil probing the multi-crore Adarsh scam involving leading politicians, bureaucrats and high-ranking military officials was recording the statement of veteran bureaucrat Ramanand Tiwari, it was stunned to learn that he was at the helm of affairs of the crisis-ridden urban development department for a record six years against the normal two-three year tenure. When the commission questioned Tiwari about his prolonged tenure, he was unable to justify it, but mentioned that he never knocked at the doors of the chief minister for continuation in the department.Tiwari was not alone and even now, there are more than 25 high-ranking bureaucrats who are in a department for more than three years. Surprisingly, Tiwari's successor too has completed more than five years. In the corridors of power, urban development is most significant, more than home and revenue, since it deals with the urban planning process and development control rules. Every builder, big or small, has to interact with the urban development bosses almost every day.A senior bureaucrat was the collector of Mumbai for five years, while a bureaucrat was in-charge of the cooperation department for more than four years. Another senior bureaucrat stayed in Pune for his entire 32-year service in the Indian Administrative Service (IAS). There are some in the infrastructure sector for more than a decade, irrespective of the change in chief minister or industries minister.Home-town bluesSoon after taking over the reins of the state, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan realized that his home-town of Karad in Satara remained underdeveloped and lacked basic facilities. Besides holding a series of review meetings to take stock of developmental programmes, Chavan appointed a new collector, superintendent of police and chief executive officer of the zilla parishad. A week ago, he replaced guardian secretary Malini Shankar with his trusted bureaucrat Ashish Kumar Singh.Singh has been entrusted with drafting a vision document for the development of Satara, particularly Karad, set up more roads, and health-care, drinking water and school education facilities. Satara figured in the list of erring districts, where many bogus students were registered, in a recent survey by the school education department. Chavan was also instrumental in securing a regional transport office, setting up a government-run medical college and improving the airport. A Congress leader said no doubt there has been inordinate delay, but it's never too late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11418863", "title": "Six people feared drowned near dam on Bhavani river", "text": "COIMBATORE: Nine persons, including four of a family and five of another family, were washed away when the waters of the river Bhavani stored at the recently constructed Vendipalayam dam (kattalai) were opened in Namakkal district.While a two-year-old boy and a 45-year-old woman were rescued by fishermen, six of them are feared missing. The body of Candice Bosser, an eight year old girl, has been recovered. Rescuers fear the worst about the fate of the six missing. However, efforts will continue through Sunday night and Monday morning. The incident happened between 1.10 pm and 1.45 pm on Sunday. The names of the rescued are Ryan Bosser and Deborah Smith.Initial reports said that barrage number two of the dam was opened without any warning (usually a siren is heard). Namakkal district collector J Kumaragurubaran said he was trying to verify this allegation. The two families were playing in the water near the dam and taking pictures after having come to check out the new installation, which is a 30mw power plant. \"Rescue efforts are going on and we are doing the best we can,\" said Kumaragurubaran.The names of the missing from one family are: Charlie Smith , 45, his wife Deborah, 40, and their two children Nikki and Dona. Charlie is a resident of Telephone Nagar near Shastri Nagar in Erode and works in the garments industry in Tirupur. His wife is a teacher at Kalai Magal School in Erode. The family had visitors from Saudi Arabia ahead of Christmas.The visitors, who arrived on December 19, went along with the family to Vendipalayam. The visitors were David Bosser, Lario Bosser, Candice Bosser, Gladial Wright and Ryan Bosser. At the time of going to the press, only two year old Ryan has been rescued and the rest are missing. Fishermen are still engaged in rescue operations. The family had come to Erode to visit friends and go on a sightseeing tour of neighbouring areas.The additional district superintendent of police of Namakkal, G Subbulakshmi, said rescue efforts will continue through the night. \"The people who had gathered here in large numbers are now gone. We are using searchlights to locate the victims. Fishermen are also searching for the missing people along with us.Erode collector V K Shanmugham said the barrage had been stopped for a few hours for maintenance and the family had waded into the water at this time. \"I don't think a siren was issued. I will ask for such a facility to be installed. As the locals were aware of the timings, we did not think a siren was necessary,\" he said. As much as 8000 cusecs of water had been released from the dam, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11422217", "title": "2G: HC notice to CBI on Sanjay Chandra's plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday issued notice to CBI seeking its response by March 13 on the plea of Sanjay Chandra, MD of Unitech Ltd and an accused in 2G case, for quashing of charges framed against him by the trial court.\"Issue notice to CBI,\" a bench of Justice M L Mehta said.Chandra had moved the high court against the October 22, 2011 order of Special CBI Judge on framing of charges in the 2G case, saying it was passed in a \"casual and perfunctory manner\".He had said the order was passed \"without application of judicial mind\" as there was no evidence to show that he had conspired with any public servant for wrongful financial gain.\"There was no evidence to show that the petitioner (Chandra) had in any manner conspired with any public servant to cause wrongful gain to himself or wrongful loss to the government of India,\" he had submitted.The petition said there was no evidence that he or his company had paid any bribe for securing the Unified Access Services Licences (UASL) and this distinguishes his case from the remaining accused persons.\"Despite this admission of the respondent (CBI), the trial court wrongly linked the bribery allegation and the Unitech Wireless Companies in its order on charge.\"In the light of this categorical admission by the respondent (CBI), the petitioners case is no different from that of any of the non-prosecuted persons/companies who were granted LOIs in January 2008 or licences up to March 2007 and subsequently issued licences, or which were granted licences up to March 2007 at the entry fee determined in 2001,\" Chandra had said.He said the order of the trial court is not maintainable as the whole case of CBI has failed to attribute any criminality against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423959", "title": "Abdul Rashid Khan going strong at 104!", "text": "Age is just a number, they say. As we are about to enter the conference hall at a reputed English medium school in Vadodara, the rich voice of Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan reverberates through the room.The maestro, who turns turn 104 later this year, shows no signs of fatigue and smiles, \"I belong to a musical family and started off when I was five years old. So, it has been almost 100 years since I started performing! I have often been asked what keeps me going even at this age. May be, I was sent on earth to sing till my last breath, and I will do just that. Music, to me, is magic.\"Khan, who has composed more than two thousand compositions and is also a prolific writer and poet, adds, \"I stopped practising about 20 years back, as my health didn't permit me to undertake extensive workload. But then, I am at that stage of my career where I don't need to practise every day. It's just like a veteran wrestler, who doesn't need to practise while taking on new challengers.\"Talking of Vadodara, his face lights up as he remembers the late Ustad Faiyaz Khan, the court musician of erstwhile Baroda state, \"Moments after my first performance on radio in Delhi, someone came in from the green room and praised my performance. I was a little surprised, as no one is allowed to meet the artists during a performance. Later, I was told that it was Faiyaz Khan who had just complimented me! It felt special.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423468", "title": "Tollywood stars Dubai bound", "text": "T-town stars are excited and why shouldn't they be? Most of them are gearing up to fly down to Dubai for the inauguration of the Celebrity Cricket League II to be held there on Friday.Apart from the Telugu Warriors star-players, other Tollywood personalities are heading to Sharjah to catch the the star-studded opening ceremony. The venue, Sharjah International Stadium, will host the star-studded event on 13 January. Tollywood singer and music composer Devi Sri Prasad will be performing at the opening function. The other celeb to perform at the launch is Atif Aslam.Anuj Rai, corporate communications manager, Celebrity Cricket League, says, \"Apart from the Telugu Warriors team players Venkatesh, Tarun, Srikanth, Nitin, Akhil Akkineni, Khayyum, etc., many T-town stars are heading to Dubai to witness the opening ceremony. Rana's dad and prominent Tollywood filmmaker Suresh Babu is coming down. Tollywood actress Richa Gangopadyay and Charmee are flying down too and the actresses will be joining Celebrity Cricket League II brand ambassadors Shriya Saran and Kajal Agarwal there.\"Throwing more light on what promises to be a glitzy opening ceremony, he adds, \"The opening ceremony of the League's second edition promises to be a star-studded extravaganza in Dubai. It will see a host of performances, a firework display, acrobatic and ariel acts and laser show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "zirakpur", "code": "11418628", "title": "Cops touching people's lives at Zirakpur", "text": "ZIRAKPUR: Tourists coming towards Chandigarh and Himachal Pradesh from Zirakpur entrance have to undergo thorough frisking, as Punjab police has set up special check posts in the town before the upcoming assembly polls.These days, there is a lot of rush on this stretch as many people from Delhi and Haryana are going towards Himachal Pradesh to spend winter holidays.Police said these posts have been set up to keep a tab on the smuggling of liquor and cash.\"These nakas are aimed to keep a check on the smuggling of liquor and to arrest antisocial elements. There is one dedicated naka, with videography facility, to check the free flow of money during the polls,\" Zirakpur SHO Yogi Raj told TOI.Raj said they were randomly frisking vehicles. Police is focusing specially on vehicles with registration numbers of other districts and states.On December 31, Zirakpur police had seized 650 cartons of liquor. Also, Rs. 6.4 lakh were diecovered in a vehicle and released after the amount was found to be legitimate.However, outstation commuters are not very happy with increased frisking.\"First we were stopped at Derabassi barrier and then at Zirakpur. Police is asking so many questions, which is quite irritating. It is just a waste of time,\" said Abhishek Garg, a tourist from Karnal, who was on his way to Shimla. Mayuri Mehta from Delhi said, \"After getting the news about snowfall, we made a plan to visit Manali. We are surprised to see so much security here. It is excessive\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11417811", "title": "Class VIII boy shot at by poachers, dies in Haryana", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Raising an alarm on seeing poachers cost a young boy his life, as he died after they allegedly fired a bullet at him on Friday night. The poachers were reportedly hunting for wild boar. Tejinder, the 14-year-old son of Baldev Singh of Dera Prem Saini (a dera is a place outside the village) outside the boundary of village Ajrana Khurd was working in the fields of his father when the incident took place. The poachers, one of who was identified as Shamsher Singh, managed to escape the spot when Tejinder's parents and other family members reached the spot.Villagers, who were in the nearby fields at the time of the murder, told the police that a group of armed poachers were seen in the fields of the dera on Friday night. Dal Singh, the sarpanch of Ajrana Khurd said, \"Tejender was the first who noticed the poachers. On seeing the armed persons he started shouting. Villagers who were in nearby fields rushed to the spot, but before they could reach there, one of the poachers shot at Tejender leaving him in a pool of blood.\"The villagers immediately took him to Shahbad Community Health Centre (CHC) where he was declared dead. The villagers said that the poachers were looking for wild boar.The class VIII student's postmortem was carried out at the civil hospital in Kurukshetra, but as it could not ascertain whether he died due to a bullet injury, so his body was sent to PGIMER, Rohtak for a forensic postmortem examination. Police have started investigations after registering a murder case at the Kurukshetra police station.SP Parul Jain who visited the spot said that the police recovered five motorcycles and an empty bullet shell from the spot. SHO, Jhansa, Dhanpal said, \"After recovering the motorcycles from the spot, a poacher was identified as Sher Singh, a resident of village Jalkheri. We have registered a case against Sher Singh and his unidentified companions and search for them is going on.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11408470", "title": "8-yr-old alleges rape by 13-yr-old cousin", "text": "BHOPAL: In a complaint with the State Women's Commission (SWC), an eight-year-old girl told counsellors that she was repeatedly raped by her 13-year-old cousin, with her mother facilitating the act.The SWC sought the intervention of the Child Rights Commission and child counsellors on Saturday.The girl was brought in for counselling at Govindpura police station where child counsellors from Childline, an NGO working for children, had gone to talk to her at the behest of the SWC chairperson.There, much to the horror of the counsellors, the girl recounted how she was repeatedly raped by her maternal uncle's son, aged 13.Archana Sahay of the NGO said when the girl complained to her mother, she was told that it was \"normal\". She claimed her mother threatened to punish her if she uttered a word about the incident to anyone.\"The girl also said her mother would entertain unknown strangers and was involved in immoral activities herself,\" Sahay told TOI.She said, \"On Saturday, we went for a spot verification with the local police.\" The NGO would now send its report to the commission on Monday.The woman in question, married for 10 years had come to the city in October with the younger daughter while the elder one stayed back in Vidisha with her father. The girl recounted to her father how she was repeatedly raped by her cousin during the trips to the city with her mother.She was subsequently hospitalised for eight days with sexual injuries. Her father filed an FIR with the Govindpura police. A medical examination confirmed the act. The boy was arrested and later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11418964", "title": "Chennai emerges winner in national Ultimate tournament", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was the 'ultimate' test of stamina and skill at SGVP School lawns on SG Highway that saw 14 teams fighting for top honours at the national frisbee tournament in the city on Sunday. This is the fourth consecutive year when the city played host to the National Ultimate Frisbee Tournament, one of the oldest in India.HCUK Bangalore bagged the first place while Hyderabad Dhiskiyaon came close second and finished as runners-up. Spirit of the game award went to team Storm from Mumbai.Talking about the event, Dushyant Gadhiya, one of the organizers of the event and Ultimate player from the city, told TOI that compared to ten teams participating last year, this year saw 14 teams from places such as Hyderabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Surat, Jaipur and Ahmedabad.\"The city entered the tournament with four teams - IIM-A, Kaivalya Education Foundation, Dream Catchers I and Dream Catchers II. We got a great response from the visiting teams. Most of the participants came to the city for the first time. They got introduced to the game culture of the city and also interacted with young players of Ahmedabad,\" said Gadhiya.Ultimate Frisbee, known as Ultimate, is a non-contact, fast-paced field sport played by two teams. The aim is to throw a frisbee (plastic disc) across the field from teammate to teammate, until it is caught in the opponents' end zone (or goal).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11419656", "title": "PG docs not to be posted at primary rural centres", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to ensure optimum utilization of the skills of post graduate doctors, the state health and medical department has amended its service rules. Now, PG doctors will not be posted in primary health centres in rural areas but at community health centres and district hospitals.Under the earlier rule, the PG doctors selected through Rajasthan Public Service Commission (RPSC) were posted at primary heath centres.The doctors had called it a major flaw as the skills and expertise of the PG doctors were not used properly given the equipment, infrastructure and the inflow of patients at rural centres.Health director BR Meena said, \"We will deploy the PG doctors in community health centres and other district hospitals so that their skills are utilized in a better way.\"A department official said, \"Under the earlier rule, newly-appointed doctors had to be posted at primary health centres in rural areas for two or more years. Before the amendment, an anesthesia specialist (doctor) or a surgeon had to be posted in the rural area, with no facility for operations.\"This prevented the doctors from practicing what they have specialized in. \"And, by the time the doctors completed the duration, they lost precision due to lack of practice,\" the official added.Now, the department has started posting MBBS doctors at primary health centres in rural areas. The state government has recruited over 1000 doctors recently. The department has also planned to give posting to husband and wife (both government doctors) at the same headquarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "11418456", "title": "Deceased doctor was family's role model", "text": "TUTICORIN: For the rest of his life, he will remember the image of his wife playing the Veena because that's how he saw her before she left for her clinic to attend to a patient during the late hours. However, after that he did not see her alive'.R Thirugnanasambandam, Professor and Head of the Geology department at VOC College in Tuticorin, the bereaving husband of slain Sethulakshmi, was eagerly waiting for January 20th to celebrate their 29th wedding anniversary. The bereaved family of Sethulakshmi remembers her as the inspiration for many in the family.Their family was very big with Sethulakshmi having four sisters and four brothers while Thirugnanasambandam has four brothers and two sisters. The big family always turned towards Sethulakshmi for inspiration, which was revealed during the interaction with the family at Kamaraj Nagar, 3rd mile.A family of high achievers, Thirugnansambandam's brother, R Ambalavanan is the Executive Director of Tea Board while his nephew, Alagesan is a project manager with an MNC in Mumbai. \"She was always a source of inspiration for us with her dedication and over the experience of 31 years, she has earned a reputation for herself,\" says Ambalavanan.\"Duty always came first to her and she never cared about the time or place to reach out her patients. There were occasions when we fought over her late night stints but she always insisted on serving patients first,\" says her husband. They married in 1983 when Sethulakshmi was appointed in Hindu Mission Hospital for a meagre Rs 1,000 at that time. From there, she went to various places, mainly working as physician in the rural Primary Health Care centres of Tuticorin district. She was moved to Tutircorin GH in 1991 because anaesthetists were very rare at that time. She was appointed as Chief Medical Officer at ESI three months ago, the family said. Sethulakshmi had her clinic, Sugam, in the premises of her house and was treating patients in the evenings. The couple had one daughter and son who were also doctors.\"Of late, she started learning Veena, stating that music would help her bust stress and was planning to teach Veena to the grandchildren,\" the bereaved husband said with a Veena lying idle adjacent to his wife's picture.Narrating that dreadful day, January 2, when she was killed by Mahesh, Thirugnanasambandam said she came home from the clinic by 8 pm to serve food and she was practising Veena for a while when she was called again to attend to a few patients. Mahesh apparently entered the clinic around 10 and attempted to hack one clinic staff first but Sethulakshmi intervened and fought back but was hacked to death, he said.Sethulakshmi's family strongly denies the charge of medical negligence or wrong treatment administered to Nithya. \"She was very hesitant to treat Nithya because she knew it was a complicated case since many of the patient's basic parameters were not stable. It was the family who forced to treat her stating that they cannot afford the costly treatment in any other hospital. They have not paid any money for the surgery\", Ambalavanan said. The claims that she was only an anaesthetist and was not competent were also not true because she had handled thousands of deliveries and surgeries during her days in PHCs. Besides, she was a skilled anaesthetist in medical circles, they said.One of her colleagues in the government hospital, Tuticorin, said that before the medical college was started in Tuticorin, it was a district headquarters hospital with one gynaecologist. Hence, all lady doctors were looking into obstetrics issues in the hospitals. Sethulakshmi was an efficient gynaecologist and anaesthetist who went around the entire district assisting surgeries, he said.Sethulakshmi was also known as a good and accessible doctor in the locality. A quick check in the neighbourhood revealed that she was a reputed one in the locality. A petty shop owner nearby the clinic said she was a good doctor who treated patients at any time and never collected exorbitant fees like others, he said.Had the police listened to the plea of the couple after the incident, the murder could have been averted, the family insisted. \"When the family learnt that Nithya was critical, Mahesh started verbally abusing Sethulakshmi, threatening to kill her. Hence, we sought protection from the police but the police assured us that nothing will happen and they said they have already warned Mahesh and the family. But he came back on Monday and killed her,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11417951", "title": "Patiala sees elevation of crown prince over raja", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The elevation of 'crown prince' over the younger brother of the king - that's the stuff many palace intrigues are made of. The erstwhile royal family of Patiala, too, is witnessing a similar political battle - between the heir apparent Raninder Singh, or his mother and MP Preneet Kaur , to be precise, and the Maharaja Patiala, Amarinder Singh's younger sibling, Malvinder Singh.Malvinder, whose formal title is that of 'Raja' in Patiala's Motibagh palace, who has never contested a poll earlier, had been an aspirant for a ticket from Patiala constituency for the last three assembly elections. Every time his request has been turned down, because, as per the palace grapevine, he was never considered to be in a position to win any of the polls. \"He actually owed his position to being the brother of Capt Amarinder, he didn't really have an independent standing,\" said an palace official.Sources say, though, the strain between Malvinder and Preneet started showing almost 10 years ago, no one really expected him to drop a bombshell such as the one seen on Saturday, when he left his 35-year-old association with Congress to join traditional rivals SAD. He got in touch with them 14 days ago, he got to know that Preneet was pushing for her son.The PPCC president, who had hoped in the morning's press conference at Chandigarh that his brother would reconcile to AICC chief's decision, had barely spent a few moments with his 90-year-old mother at Patiala, when he learnt about Malvinder's defection. \"Maharaja sahib had planned to have his lunch with the Rajmata (Mohinder Kaur) at Patiala, but once he heard the news, he went into a huddle with his family members and advisers and then rushed back to Chandigarh,\" sources said.Reportedly, the brothers are yet to disclose the news to their ailing mother. \"They might do so tomorrow, we don't know how would she react,\" said people close to the royal family. The family has meanwhile, decided to maintain complete silence - either on Preneet or Raninder's part-leaving PCC chief to issue appropriate reaction.On the other hand, soon after joining SAD, Malvinder openly accused his sister-in-law of indulging in \"puttar - moh\" while negating his years of loyalty and support in personal and political crises. His family members were also equally angry, \"We never expected that Tikku would try to usurp his uncle's place in the constituencies, which Malvinder had nursed for years. If he or his family wanted they could have asked for and would have got any seat anywhere in Punjab, but they know that his uncle was getting old and didn't have very many chances left. He could have shown the grace and left his uncle's constituency to him.\"He has bitten off a very big apple, the question is whether he can swallow that,\" Malvinder declared even though he was \"confident\" that his own brother would win Patiala. Raninder has got his work cut out in the constituency after the delimitation changes.\" It doesn't help the family either that Raninder's mother would be dividing her time between her husband and her son's constituencies, while she earlier used to campaign exclusively in Patiala city.Ancestor shows the wayThough \"feeling sad\" at breaking off the association, with family as well as the party, Malvinder is trying to draw inspiration from his ancestors Alla Singh. \"Alla Singh, who founded the Patiala estate - he was the second of five brothers and the 'Chaudhar' (headship) went to his elder brother Duno - he felt throttled and decided to go his way. He took 12 horsemen and started conquering territories. He conquered Barnala in 1731 and then Patiala and set his own riyasat. If he had waited for his fate to overtake him, we would have been tilling our land in Mehraj (his ancestral village). I don't want to stagnate, I want to move on.I will never enter his constituency to campaign against him. There has to be a discipline somewhere, I have been in the Army for 12 years. Amarinder will never lose from Patiala, or even from Samana, Derabassi or Moga. He has his personal charisma. There is no way that a man of his stature could lose.Malvinder Singh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11421908", "title": "Farah Khan and Boman Irani get intimate", "text": "Farah Khan who celebrates her birthday today has done a 'romantic' scene with Boman Irani for her acting debut film Shirin Farhad Ki Nikal Padi. The duo did an 'intimate' scene for the film but refused to kiss because her husband, Shirish Kunder would disapprove.She confirms, \"Sorry, there are no kisses in the film. I told Boman that my husband wouldn't like it and he understood. We work as a team. Who would want to see middle-aged people kiss? Also I would be very uncomfortable doing such scenes. What we do is try to kiss but it misfires for some reason or the other. It's romance handled in a funny way.\"Farah adds, \"There are lots of such quirky and romantic situations but before we started the film, Boman and I discussed it and thought we would do intimate scenes in a different and goofy way. Keeping our age, looks and comic timing in mind, we will treat those scenes in an aesthetic manner. He plays a 45-year-old virgin while I play a 40-year-old fiery Parsi phataka but we both are eccentric in our ways!\"Boman has no issues about kissing as he has kissed Shabana Azmi before (in Honeymoon Travels Pvt Ltd). \"It's a film and I am an actor. If there's a reason for the kiss I will kiss. I am not some shy 16-year-old who will feel uncomfortable kissing,\" he reasons.BOMAN STRIPS TOO? Boman retorts, \"Who says I am stripping? It's just wishful thinking on Farah's part and a rumour spread by her only! She must be waking up in the morning and telling the director to put in such scenes. It's what keeps her going. I think it's her life's dream (laughs) to see me strip and now she wants it to come true! I think if I strip, the whole world will go blind!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417327", "title": "Probe ordered against Kukatpally cop", "text": "HYDERABAD: Reacting to a news report published in these columns 'Cops Terrorise RTI activist', the Cyberabad police have ordered a departmental inquiry against Kukatpally inspector K Srinivas Rao on Sunday.Deputy commissioner of police (Madhapur zone) T Yoganand told TOI that assistant commissioner of police (Kukatpally division) PV Padmaja was asked to conduct the inquiry against Srinivas Rao, who is accused of illegally detaining RTI activist Thakur Raj Kumar Singh, when he went to the Kukatpally police station to seek information under the RTI Act. On January 6, Srinivas Rao allegedly refused to take the RTI application from Thakur, which was later received by the ACP. On Sunday, the Cyberabad police sent a reply to Thakur for his RTI application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11418109", "title": "Two robbed off their cars in past 2 days", "text": "GURGAON: Miscreants seem to striking people at will despite police claiming that they have stepped up vigil against carjackers. In the past two days two cars looted at gunpoint in different areas of the city.A man was robbed off his WagonR in Sector-56 in broad daylight on and another of his Bolero on NH-8.According to police, Vinod Kumar, who belongs to Uttar Pradesh, was on his way in his WagonR car to Hong Kong market in Sector-56 at 11am on Sunday. As soon as he came out of his car, three persons approached him and snatched the car keys pointing a gun at him. \"They then beat him up and fled with the car. Kumar had lodged a complaint. We are investigating the case,\" said a police officer posted at Sector-56 police station.In another case, Santram, a resident of Sahravan village, was returning from IMT, Manesar in his Bolero. He had barely covered a distance and was close to HSIIDC when unknown persons stopped the car. The complainant told police that they looted the car at gun point and drove away.However, Manesar police have not yet registered a case. Police officers claimed that HSIIDC office by some unknown persons. Investigators said that they are checking the details. \"We have initial information that the Bolero was stolen when he was out of the vehicle,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "11420463", "title": "7 passengers injured after Qantas plane hits turbulance", "text": "MELBOURNE: In yet another mid air incident, seven passengers of a Sydney-bound Qantas airlines, from London, reportedly suffered injuries after it was hit by severe turbulence.Qantas flight (QF32) departed London on Friday night and was three hours out of Singapore on Saturday morning when it was hit by turbulence caused by bad storms in the Indian airspace, a Qantas spokeswoman was quoted as saying in media reports here.\"The aircraft diverted around most of it (turbulance) but it was the initial part of the storm that had the impact,\" the spokeswoman said.\"The seat belt sign had come on but some passengers were still moving back to their seats.Seven people suffered minor cuts and bruises during the incident. Four were treated in hospital while three were treated at a medical centre in Singapore but all have since been discharged.The aircraft was cleared to fly after being assessed by engineers and has taken off from Singapore.Last year, passengers on a Qantas flight to Perth, which plunged 150 feet in two seconds in 2008, received damages from Airbus and aerospace technology giant Northrop Grumman.The payout was understood to be worth millions, with more than 140 people receiving payments of up to USD 400,000.Lawyers for another 16 passengers planned to launch a multimillion dollar law suit in the US after failing to reach a settlement with the companies.The Australian Transport Safety Bureau found the Airbus A330 dived twice unexpectedly after one of three airspeed sensors malfunctioned on October 7, 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11418318", "title": "Chennai traders wary of travelling to China", "text": "CHENNAI: Days after the two Indian businessmen held captive in a Chinese city were released, traders here are divided in their opinion on the perils of visiting China on business.Those dealing in high-end electronic equipment and food items remained non-committal, but others say they will think twice before taking a flight to the country.Basheer Ahmed, a building contractor who imports tiles and bathroom fittings, said he was shocked to read the report on the two Indians held hostage by Chinese traders because a deal with their Yemeni boss went sour. But he says he was not surprised.\"The main problem is the language. A local mediator is necessary or misunderstandings happen. They will show you a product but send something else, and if you question them they get aggressive,\" he said.Hundreds of traders like Ahmed travel to China to import electronic items, textiles, toys, construction material, furniture, fresh fruits and more. Traders say dealings with the Chinese have always had an element of risk and without a permanent local Chinese agent things can be difficult.\"Unless you watch out, you will get cheated. They are generally rude, especially to people from Asian countries,\" said Imran Khan , a builder who used to import furniture and lighting from China.The trading communities were appalled by the Chinese government's announcement of taking action against foreign businessmen instead of against their own traders who tortured the Indians.\"The whole episode should have been condemned by their government, but at least they have been booked. We have always been cautious, we will just be extra careful now,\" said Ahmed. \"I will not make another trip unless required. I have not faced any serious problem, but it is difficult to work there,\" said Khan.Others, though, remain unfazed by these developments, saying that as long as one is prompt in payments and honest in dealings, there will be no problems.\"I have not faced problems while importing fresh fruits, and I don't think I will have any. There are cases of people paying advances and not taking delivery even in India. These are just bad apples, I will be traveling to China this year also,\" said Ameerul Hussain, who imports fresh fruits and vegetables.China is also the world's biggest hub for low-end electronic spare parts and goods. \"We go in groups once in three months. We are careful in our dealings, and haven't faced problems. It is an electronics heaven,\" said Krishna Raj, who works for an electronic store chain in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11419100", "title": "Special trains to Hyderabad", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway has decided to continue to run express special trains between Hyderabad-Kolhapur-Hyderabad (four days a week), (train numbers 07143 / 07144) for four trips in each direction. Accordingly, train number 07143 Hyderabad-Kolhapur 4-days a week express special train will depart from Hyderabad station at 23-10 hrs on Tuesday, Wednesday, Saturday &amp; Sunday on January 07, 08, 10 &amp; 11, 2012 and arrive at 22-45 hrs at Kolhapur, the next day. (Total: 4 trips only).En route, the express special train will depart from Begumpet at 23-27 hrs, Sanathnagar at 23-33 hrs, Lingampalli at 23-50 hrs, Shankarpalli at 00-07 hrs, Vikarabad at 00-45 hrs, Tandur at 01-19 hrs, Nawandgi at 01-34 hrs, Kurgunta at 01-44 hrs, Seram at 01-55 hrs, Malkhaid Road at 02-06 hrs, Chittapur at 02-34 hrs, Nalwar at 03-02 hrs, Yadgir at 03-30 hrs, Narayanpet Road at 03-50 hrs, Krishna at 04-10 hrs, Raichur at 04-55 hrs, Mantharalayam Road at 05-40 hrs, Adoni at 06-10 hrs, Guntakal at 07-50 hrs, Bellary at 08-55 hrs, Tornagallu at 09-37 hrs, Hospet at 10-25 hrs, Koppal at 11-05 hrs, Gadag at 12-02 hrs, Hubli at 14-00 hrs; Dharwad at 14-35 hrs, Londa at 16-15 hrs, Belgaum at 17-35 hrs, Ghatprabha at 19-30 hrs, Raybag at 20-00 hrs, Kudachi at 20-20 hrs, Miraj at 21-30 hrs and arrive at Hatkanangale at 21-59 hrs. In the return direction, train number 07144 Kolhapur-Hyderabad 4-days a week express special will depart from Kolhapur at 07-30 hrs on Thursday, Friday, Monday &amp; Tuesday on January 09, 10 , 12 &amp; 13, 2012, and arrive at Hyderabad at 06-45 hrs, the next day. En route, the express special will depart from Hatkanangale at 07-52 hrs, Miraj at 09-00 hrs, Kudachi at 09-34 hrs, Raybag at 09-50 hrs, Ghatprabha at 10-35 hrs, Belgaum at 12-05 hrs, Londa at 13-20 hrs, Dharwad at 15-10 hrs, Hubli at 16-15 hrs, Gadag at 17-25 hrs, Koppal at 18-30 hrs, Hospet at 19-05 hrs, Tornagallu at 19-45 hrs, Bellary at 20-40 hrs, Guntakal at 21-50 hrs, Adoni at 22-35 hrs, Manthralayam Road at 23-10 hrs, Raichur at 23-40 hrs, Krishna at 00-2 hrs, Narayanpet Road at 00-21 hrs, Yadgir at 00-40 hrs, Nalwar at 01-40 hrs, Chittapur at 02-26 hrs, Malkhaid Road at 02-33 hrs, Seram at 02-43 hrs, Kurgunta at 02-53 hrs, Nawandgi at 03-15 hrs, Tandur at 03-30 hrs, Vikarabad at 04-20 hrs, Shankarpalli at 04-40 hrs, Ligampalli at 05-00 hrs, Sanathnagar at 05-20 hrs, arrive at Begumpet 05-37 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11427383", "title": "Christina Aguilera's happy with her weight", "text": "Christina Aguilera has lashed out at silence critics who have been constantly poking fun at her weight over the years.The curvy singer revealed that she's very confident with her body and that is all that really matters to her.The Beautiful singer has often been criticised by tabloids for showing off a rounder figure in recent years, but Aguilera has chosen to disregard the troublesome media scrutiny because she's happy in her own skin.\"I've been in this business for a long time. I came out on the scene when I was 17 years old. You can never be too much of anything. You can never be too perfect, too thin, too curvy, voluptuous, this, that. I've been on all sides of the spectrum as far as any female in this business... As long as I'm happy in my own skin, that's all I need. And I'm happy with where I'm at,\" admitted Aguilera.\"I have a boyfriend that loves my body. I love my body. My son is healthy and happy. That's all that matters... I think my video works over the years have spoken to that... As you know, Dirty and so on, and Lady Marmalade. I've been no stranger to being very comfortable in my own skin to take those risks, to take those chances,\" she added.Aguilera is currently dating production assistant Matthew Rutler and shares custody of her three-year-old son Max with ex-husband Jordan Bratman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11417826", "title": "Winter Carnival organizers pray Hadimba for dry weather", "text": "MANALI: The inclement weather in Manali is set to ruin the fervor of first national level Winter Carnival that would begin on Monday and feared organizers have stormed into the shelter of Goddess Hadimba to blessit with pleasant weather.Hundreds of participants from all around the country would take part in this festivity that is meant for only enjoyment of tourists and locals. The five-day-long carnival is organized at Manu Rangshala, an open air amphitheatre, where artists present their art till late night and it would not be possible for them to perform amid heavy snowfall. Though, in case of heavy snowfall, organizers have an option to shift the venue to indoor stadium at Atal Bihari Vajpayee institute of mountaineering and allied sports, but it does not have capacity to accommodate even the 25% of total audience.An official from carnival committee said, they visited Hadimba temple on Sunday afternoon and presented offerings to the Goddess to stop the snowfall, which is continuing here for last four days. \"Two feet snow has already accumulated in the city. More snow can add to the problems for us and performers. We are praying for 5 sunny days,\" he said.Priest of the temple Rakesh Sharma said that it seems like Goddess has heard the prayers of members of Winter Carnival organizing committee as snowfall has stopped and sky is turning blue. \"As soon as they finished with their rituals, snowfall was stopped and light sun rays were touching the ground. There is full probability of pleasant weather on Monday,\" he said.At the same moment, people are eager to see the fashion shows and winter queen contest, when beautiful girls from across the country would walk on the ramp with temperature remaining below freezing point. Some western dances and folk dances where artists cannot perform after wearing woolens may have to face difficulties when cold wind would affect the exposed parts of the body..This is not for the first time when Winter Carnival is facing rough weather. Last time too the organizers had to rush to Goddess Hadimba to convince her for dry pleasant weather. However, organizers say they are ready to face any situation and they have enough facilities to protect viewers from snow and keep performers warm. Carnival would kick off from Hadimba temple on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11417958", "title": "Maintain temp for their safety: Vets", "text": "LUDHIANA: Vets list out some precautionary measures for water bodies, as they too need special attention to bear the cold. Vet Jaspreet Singh says with the commencement of winter season, fish owners should make sure that their aquarium has a thermostat and they should set the temperature according to the weather.Vets said for avoiding stress to the fishes, the owners should also filter and aerator and always keeps the fishes according to the size and capacity of aquarium. They warned against overfeeding, as it increases stress in the fishes. Jaspreet said during power failure, the aquarium loses three important elements: heat, air (from lack of water movement) and filtration.\"The tank faces no immediate danger but if the power is not back in few minutes, assume the worst and take steps accordingly like maintain heat, jot down the initial water temperature and fill the plastic container or zip lock bag with hot tap water, then seal it and place it in the aquarium. Place a battery-operated aerator in the tank to keep the water moving while the filter is off. If pet owners do not have an aerator, and the power is out for more than an hour, then owners have to hand aerate the water,\" he added. Vets also advice to monitor the water temperature and continue aerating the tank. In case a fish dies, remove the body immediately so that it does not impact the biology of the tank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11417558", "title": "GHMC contractors threaten to stop work from Jan 16", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Contractors' Association of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has threatened to stop all civil works from January 16 if its demands are not met immediately.The contractors' general body meeting was held at the GHMC headquarters on Sunday.Association general secretary R Hanmanth Sagar said several bills pertaining to completed works were pending and officials were denying payments on flimsy grounds. He said the corporation has been deducting VAT from bills without adding it into rates and estimations.\"The price escalation is being accepted from the date of allotment of works and up to the completion period only, whereas officials have been taking several months to handover site to contractors,\" the association secretary said.They said there was no response from the commissioner despite explaining to him and submitting representations on their problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11419637", "title": "\u2018Pune audience has always given us a great response\u2019", "text": "PUNE: She is no stranger to fame or to the city. Theatre actor and director Lillete Dubey was born here. It is here that her maternal grandparents lived, something that kept drawing her to Pune time and again.\"I share an intimate connection with the city. My mother's home was in Salisbury Park. My earliest and fondest memories of the city date back to the days when I visited my grandparents. In many ways, I am more familiar with Pune, than I am with Mumbai,\" she said.On Monday, the lady will be back to the city she adores with her directorial extravaganza - 'August: Osage County', a Pulitzer winning play by Tracy Letts . The play, which will be staged at the Alpa Bhachat Bhavan as part of the Times Pune Festival, boasts of a cast that has enlivened many a theatrical oeuvre: from Sandhya Mridul, Kitu Gidwani, Suchitra Pillai, Meeta Vasisht, Ira Dubey to Amar Talwar, Denzil Smith, Rajeev Siddhartha, Auritra Ghosh and Maneesh Verma.Dubey loves the deep-rooted theatrical history of the city and the audience that has \"theatre in its blood\".\"Puneites have extensive exposure to theatre. The city is aware of the art and it is also hip. One would never worry about bringing a play to this city of theatre aficionados. The Pune audience has always given us a great response, no matter where we have performed here,\" she said.Dubey has a penchant for directing original Indian plays and it is an attribute she mostly abides by. However, the American masterpiece, 'August: Osage County', is an exception she is proud of. \"I do non-Indian plays only once in a while. A play has to be endowed with a universal and a spectacular script for me to pick it up. 'August: Osage County' is remarkable. Its accolades - the Pulitzer Prize for Drama, shortly followed by a Tony Award for Best Play, among others - bear testimony to this,\" she said.The play, a tragicomedy, is the story of a dysfunctional family. \"It has all the ingredients of a dark comedy, enmeshed with hues of wicked but clever humour,\" she said. Asked where the play is set and she said, \"The setting is not at all important in the play. Since it has been enacted across the globe, the place it is set in is not relevant to the story.\"Dubey's theatre company, The Primetime Theatre Company, has metamorphosed English theatre in India, exalting it to a level where it has been applauded by international theatre lovers. \"We set up the company with two aims. The first being my desire to explore Indian writing and also to see how Indian theatrical works are savoured in the country as well as abroad. In the quest to gauge this facet of theatre, the company's works have won several awards. Its plays have also travelled extensively in India and to almost every continent in the world,\" she said.Dubey's original Indian works have been well-received abroad, while plays such as 'Dance like a Man' - a magnum opus for English theatre in India - inspired many to make a foray into direction. \"Theatre practitioners saw how well the play was being received abroad. They saw how original Indian plays fare if the script is good, and, hence, many of them moved into direction. It is always worth it to build a body of literature in theatre that is your own. When you work on your own material, the final product has the capacity to interest more people,\" she said.Given that her daughters Neha and Ira have fared extraordinarily on and off the screen, what is the mother's take on her daughters' accomplishments? \"My children are talented and intelligent. I brought them up to be independent and self-reliant. They grew up in a home infused with theatre, which is in their DNA. The two did plenty of children's theatre when young and the art's influences are evident in their personality. Neha did decide to go back to her other passions after her stint with acting. She did her masters in psychotherapy and is now a practising psychotherapist,\" said Dubey.She added that Ira has academically studied theatre and has taken it up full-fledged. \"I am very happy with both my daughters. The key to excelling is pursuing your dreams passionately. That is what I have always taught them,\" said the proud mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424338", "title": "CES 2012: Hot gadgets coming", "text": "What will the world's largest consumer electronics trade show offer? Held each year in Las Vegas in January, the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) hosts previews of products and new product announcements.This year CES will also mark world's largest software maker Microsoft's last appearance at the annual event. Analyst firm Ovum takes a peep into what to expect as far as enterprise and consumer related trends go at CES 2012. Here's what they see:Enterprise trends at CES 2012 Tablets &amp; Bring Your Own Device (BYOD): CES 2012 is going to see a number of Android related announcements, both from major OEMs like Samsung and below the radar original design manufacturers (ODMs).While these products will be looking for consumer market share, they will also be targeting Apple's continued hegemony in the enterprise tablet market and as such we expect enterprise-focused mobile device management &amp; data security capabilities and partnerships to be part of this.We also expect to see some user interface-based approaches to having multiple personas on a single device, enabling the user to differentiate between access permissions on their smart device when connected to enterprise resources versus when it is just being used for personal applications.Ultrabooks: With the 2011 collapse of the netbook market, the dominance of Apple in both the high-end notebook PC and the tablet market, plus category threat from both smartphones and tablets, this year at CES will see a large number of PC manufacturers fight back with 'ultra-book' form factor devices.Expect to see these mimic the form factor and feature specifications of the MacBook Air with pricing in the $600 to $700 range. However just as 2011 was awash with Android tablets, it is by no means guaranteed that the presence of ultra-books will translate into market share by end 2012.Microsoft: We will be looking for more insight into Windows 8 beyond the 2011 preview and specific information on release dates and form factors, including a hands-on with Samsung's Windows 8 tablet. Specifically we will be looking at how Microsoft is looking to enable the enterprise to manage and exploit the employee-provisioned laptop trend in Windows 8 and other form factors and deployment scenarios it is considering.We hope to receive some clarity over which apps will run on ARM architecture and whether 'old' Windows apps will still run on the new Windows 8 tablets, which has been a source of some confusion the last few months.In addition to Windows 8, we hope to hear more about applications for its Kinect-based gesture interface in the enterprise, including retail, manufacturing and healthcare, following the release of the Kinect enterprise SDK in 2011.Dell: Dell has scaled back its presence at CES this year and they might be taking the wraps off a new strategy for the home market. We will be watching to see what the consumer IT angle may be here for the enterprise.802.11ac: Not specifically an enterprise issue, but an important development for all IP networking, Broadcom is rumoured to be set to demo pre-standardization versions of the updated WiFi standard that will take through-put of wireless local area networking to 1Gbps. While final ratification is not expected until year-end, we expect to see router devices this year that will look to anticipate the final protocol and steal a march on the competition.Consumer trends to watch out for at CES 2012 Tablets: More Android, specifically those of Ice Cream Sandwich flavour, as well as Samsung's Windows 8 tablet. Given that the original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) are going to want to go after the enterprise tablet market as well as the consumer market, we expect to see Mobile Device Management capabilities and partnerships packaged up as part of the pitch.Media tech &amp; connected home: We expect to see Ultra Definition TVs as a potential evolution path beyond High-Def. Smart TV application platforms and new user interface models for EPG and metadata navigation are also likely to be demonstrated, as will media sharing over Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA) - in the absence of Apple. Google will also be taking up its Google TV and Android STB OEM/ODM deals.BlackBerry: It's likely RIM will be showcasing its BB Tablet OS 2.0 at CES, though it is not clear if they will also use the event to launch the Playbook 2 or announce it at a later date. Elsewhere, it appears the company will not be demo-ing BB 10 at the show - they will wait until MWC to do this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11422153", "title": "Never waste precious time watching Players", "text": "When one watches crores of rupees being blown up in clumsy action scenes as cars pile up on cars, and random bombs go off in the distance, it is time to pick up the carton of half-eaten pop corn and beat a hasty retreat from the cinema hall. Never waste good popcorn.Even more importantly, never waste precious time. I am a great one for self-punishment and have happily subjected myself to far worse films than a turkey like Players. Let's just put it down to new year fatigue and a growing intolerance for waste on all levels, but I really couldn't stand this three hour punishment which relied on a Johnny Lever to resolve its mighty crisis.That's called 'desperate'. Players made me wonder what makes veteran movie makers back something as ridiculous and as nonsensically OTT as this remake, which totally lacks any cinematic coherence. Players literally goes all over the place - from New Zealand to Moscow. But for what ? The motley cast changes costumes and sleepwalks through what is meant to be a super slick effort revolving around an ambitious heist.Which desi chor would undertake a mission this impossible (stealing tons of gold from a train that's en route to Romania from Russia )? And this bunch looks not just hopelessly amateurish, inept and unintelligent, but manages to generate misplaced laughter during key scenes. One just hopes no self respecting Russian watches the movie. It could lead to Putin launching a full scale attack on us just to let our audiences know what happens when a Russian general loses his cool (he definitely does not start stripping off his clothes and singing Mera Joota Hai Japani, as the joker in a cheap pink satin shirt does in Players). But yes, I can see the sternest Russian melting into a puddle at the sight of a sizzling Bipasha performing an item song in a tacky bar. Yup. It's as easy as that. Bips as a seductress is more lethal than a guided missile, and perhaps our own Ministry of External Affairs should consider hiring her services to sort out India's myriad problems.To make up for the torture I had subjected myself to, I went and watched Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy... Let me just say, I regained my sanity, as well as my faith in movies. Despite mixed reviews to this cold war spy thriller, I found myself at the edge of the seat (popcorn ko maaro goli!), not wanting to miss even a single line of dialogue, or visual clue. After a long time, I actually found God in the details - and what details! Every meticulously constructed, brilliantly lit scene revealed subtle props that were certainly not there by accident. For a movie in which the script is so finely calibrated, and the dialogue as economical, the challenge is to not blink! Or lose focus even for a micro-second! It was a good way to handle a post-New Year's Eve condition. I recommend TTSS over tomato juice to anybody looking for a quick fix to a hangover. Watch it attentively - you'll sober up instantly. As for Players, sorry, even if you go to a theatre fully tanked up, you still won't be able to sit through it!(Views expressed by columnists in Bombay Times are their own, and not that of the paper.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11419192", "title": "Nagaveni: I'd rather withdraw the book than mutilate it", "text": "Hampi University Sirigannada Centre head and author of the book `Gandhi Banda,' H Nagaveni, has been in the eye of the storm, after her book was prescribed as a non-detailed text by the Mangalore University for the third semester Bachelor of Arts (BA) students from 2011-12.The 12-year-old novel, edited by the author to 220 pages from 390 pages, did not generate controversy when it was a textbook for post graduate students at the university for two terms (six years). The book was prescribed as a textbook at Kuvempu University two years ago and is a textbook at Gulbarga University.The author in an interview to TOI tries to explain the reasons behind the controversy.What do you think this controversy is really about?The novel was written 12 years ago. If people had read the book then the present controversy would not have arisen. The novel touches on inter-religious marriage, which was based on a true incident. The communal forces are worried about the implications of this in the present context of `love jihad' as it is being read by more than 15,000 students rather than 50 students, when it was prescribed as a textbook for post graduate students. Also, communal forces are using others to rake up the issue.Is it okay if the text book is edited by the university authorities? Or, if asked, will you do it?When I first edited it, I was cutting the flab. I don't want to mutilate my creative baby now. If they ask me to remove objectionable text, I will ask them to withdraw it as a textbook. After all it was approved by the university after discussion with lecturers and academicians. If a person (student) can get voting rights at 18 years, they are mature enough to judge a book based on its contents.Do you think it is an attempt to stymie a woman writer's voice?Definitely. Take the case of writers like SL Bhyrappa (Gruha Bhanga) and Poornachandra Tejaswi. Their novels, too, use of crude words by women , which of course like my novel, is required to portray the period during which the story is told. But it has not raised any controversy.After all this controversy, are you in the right frame of mind to pursue your writing interests?I came from a traditional family. These curbs on creativity and calls and letters I get, do not in any way encourage me. Even at home, there's not much of encouragement after this issue. Things have reached such a pass that one has to think on what to write so as not to generate controversy. It's pathetic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-09"}
