{"city": "tehran", "code": "11333295", "title": "Defiant Iran begins 2012 with N-fuel rod feat, missile test", "text": "TEHRAN: Iranian scientists have produced the nation's first nuclear fuel rod, a feat of engineering the West has doubted Tehran capable of, the country's nuclear agency said Sunday.The announcement marks another step in Tehran's efforts to achieve proficiency in the entire nuclear fuel cycle - from exploring uranium ore to producing nuclear fuel - despite UN sanctions and measures by the US and others to get it to halt aspects of its atomic work that could provide a possible pathway to weapons production.Tehran has long said it is forced to seek a way to manufacture the fuel rods on its own, since the sanctions ban it from buying them on foreign markets.Nuclear fuel rods are tubes containing pellets of enriched uranium that provide fuel for nuclear reactors.Iran's atomic energy agency's website said the first domestically made rod has already been inserted into the core of Tehran's research nuclear reactor. But it was unclear if the rod contained pellets or was inserted empty, as part of a test.\"Scientists and researchers at the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran have succeeded in producing and testing the first sample of a nuclear fuel rod,\" said the announcement.US and some of its European allies accuse Iran of using its nuclear program as a cover to develop atomic weapons. Iran denies the charge, saying the program is for peaceful purposes only and is geared toward generating electricity and producing medical radioisotopes to treat cancer patients.Meanwhile, Iran has also test-fired a new mediumrange missile, designed to evade radars, on Sunday during the last days of its naval drill in the Gulf, the official IRNA news agency quoted a military official as saying.The 10-day naval exercise coincided with increased tension in Iran's nuclear row with Western powers, after the European Union said it was considering a ban - already in place in US - on imports of Iranian oil.\"The mid-range surface to air missile which is equipped with the latest sophisticated anti-radar technologies has been successfully test-fired ,\" deputy navy Commander Mahmoud Mousavi said.Iran delayed testing its long-range missiles during the drill, saying the weapons would be launched in next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11331169", "title": "City sees sharp increase in minimum temperature", "text": "PUNE: The city on Sunday witnessed a sharp increase in the minimum temperature, which was close to seven degrees celsius more than normal.The temperature rose from 7.9 degrees C on Friday and 12.6 degrees C on Saturday to a steep rise of 18.1 degrees C on Sunday.The weather department officials said the increase in temperature is a result of cloudy conditions in most parts of the state, including Pune.The increase in minimum temperature in the city began on Saturday and continued on Sunday. The normal minimum temperature in the city for this period is 11 degrees celsius.The India Meteorological Department's daily weather report on Sunday said, \"The well marked low pressure area over Kerala coast and adjoining Lakshadweep area now lies as a low pressure area over Lakshadweep and neighbouring areas. An associated cyclonic circulation is present near north interior Karnataka.\"The IMD officials said that due to prevailing weather conditions, moisture-laden winds from the sea are travelling towards the state and the moisture is leading to formation of clouds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11332561", "title": "Krishna Iyer calls for dam truce", "text": "KOCHI: Calling on the chief ministers of Kerala and Tamil Nadu to sort out their differences on the Mullaperiyar issue, justice V R Krishna Iyer, former Supreme Court judge, said the two CM's are fighting as if they belong to different countries. Speaking on 'Vision 2012' organized by the Kerala Development Media in association with Heart Light Association, Iyer said the two states are fighting like two nations for water. \"Any vision can be fulfilled by a mission if it is driven by passion. As an integrated nation, we should stay united. If you lose a sense of unity, then you are nowhere,\" he said.He said that India's vision as a nation was best described in Nehru's famed speech 'Tryst with destiny'. \"With 40 crore people living above the poverty line in the country, there are more than 2 crore people who go to bed hungry. Yet when I suggested a two-child norm, I have been accused of being a murderer of the third child,\" said Iyer while expressing disappointment over the proposed 'Woman Code Bill' in the state.Speaking at the function, writer K L Mohanavarma said, the state was wondering how to keep 'Metro Man' E Sreedharan out of the project. \"This state has had great visionaries like 'Amul' Kurian, E Sreedharan, P C Cyriac and several others who have served and led projects that are examples of development. Yet their services are underutilized in Kerala,\" he said.\"We don't have the necessary infrastructure but we have visionaries. But we starve for development,\" said Mohanavarma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11332389", "title": "Online passport slots increased to 2,500", "text": "HYDERABAD: Woes of passport applicants are likely to end soon with the Regional Passport Office (RPO), Hyderabad, deciding to enhance the number of online slots to 2,500, including tatkal, from Monday. Till now, the RPO was releasing around 1,800 slots every day for applicants from 18 districts.\"We used to receive, on an average, 1,800 to 2,000 passport applications per day through online, eSeva centers and post offices. In view of increasing number of applications, we have increased online slots from 1,800 to 2,500 at six passport seva kendras (PSKs) (Begumpet, Ameerpet, Tolichowki, Nizamabad, Tirupati and Vijayawada). From Monday (January 2), 2,500 slots will be available online,\" regional passport officer K Srikar Reddy told TOI.Initially, 1,800 online slots were allotted for the different PSKs in the city and elsewhere. \"Based on complaints from applicants, we decided to increase the slots. We have allotted 550 slots for Begumpet PSK, 450 for Ameerpet and 350 for Tolichowki. Subsequently, Tirupati was given 400 slots, Nizamabad and Vijayawada 350 slots each. Slots will be released every day at 6 pm,\" he added.As per norms, applicants, who get appointment after booking their slots online, have to visit the nearest PSK and produce the necessary documents.\"We have received reports from PSKs that nearly 15% applicants, who had booked slots online, are not turning up for document verification. Once the applicant fails to show up for verification, their appointment will be cancelled and they have to apply afresh,\" the RPO clarified.The RPO plans to start a new PSK in Karimnagar district in the next five months. Karimnagar tops the list of passport seekers in Telangana districts after Nizamabad and Warangal. \"In view of huge number of applicants from Karimnagar, we have decided to open a PSK there,\" Srikar Reddy said.Till January 31, passport applications could be submitted at the offices of superintendents of police (SP offices) in Nizamabad, Warangal, Karimnagar, Adilabad, Medak, Khammam, Nalgonda, Mahbubnagar, Kadapa, Kurnool, Guntur and Chittoor, the RPO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11334996", "title": "Midnight mayhem as mob storms MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: Unruly crowds went berserk on Gurgaon's MG Road at midnight on Saturday, blocking traffic, pelting stones at policemen and shockingly, even trying to abduct and molest a woman after cops stopped them from entering the packed Sahara Mall.Police had to resort to mild lathicharge to disperse the crowd. Though cops denied using force, eyewitness said they lathi-charged when the situation went out of control. Two policemen were injured in the stone-pelting .\"Due to the security reasons we stopped people from entering Sahara Mall, which has the maximum pubs and bars under one roof. Soon, groups of the intoxicated people started drinking and dancing on the road in front of the mall. They even blocked traffic which led to chaos,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337159", "title": "Kangna Ranaut, the Karate Kid!", "text": "Kangna Ranaut is in love with the entire Karate Kid series including the recent one with Jaden Smith but confesses she is a fan of Hilary Swank and feels she did an amazing job in the Next Karate Kid.As recent news suggests, Kangs herself is taking personal training lessons in the artform. On her rigorous training sessions before the movie went on floors, she says, \"I wanted to be completely prepared physically before we kickstarted shooting\". Say hello to the new action gal!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11333064", "title": "Doctor ends life after family feud", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old doctor ended her life by hanging herself at her Shivaji Park residence on Saturday, reportedly after a fight with her mother-in-law. Incidentally, policemen were present at her home when she took the drastic step.Sheetal Patil, the deceased, was a homoeopath but did not practise. Her husband Kiran Patil, who is attached to Nanavati Hospital, was away when the incident took place.Sheetal stayed at Vishal Villa building in Shivaji Park with her husband, two-year-old son and in-laws. Sheetal wanted to move out with her husband and child, but her in-laws opposed it and this often led to fights, the police said.On Saturday, around 11.30pm, an argument broke out between Sheetal and her mother-in-law. When the altercation threatened to go out of control, the mother-in-law called up the police control room around 11.45 pm, asking the officials to intervene.\"Around midnight, our team reached their home and tried to broker peace between the two. An agitated Sheetal told our personnel that they wouldn't be able to help her with her domestic disputes but they would have to return to conduct a panchnama on her body,\" the police said. To this, her mother-in-law told the police that Sheetal would often threaten to commit suicide.As Sheetal walked away in a huff and locked herself in her bedroom, the police team continued to talk to her mother-in-law in the drawing room. Shortly, the officials suspected something was amiss when they could not hear any sound from Sheetal's room. Failing to elicit any response from her, the police broke down her door to find her hanging from the fan. Sheetal was taken to Sion hospital where she was declared dead.The police have filed a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11333277", "title": "Few complain in face of long redress process", "text": "The amount investors lost to flyby-night operators rose from Rs 302 crore in 2010 to Rs 427 crore in 2011, according to the police's economic offences wing (EOW). However, the number of cases registered with the EOW dropped to 35 in 2011, compared to 39 and 37 in the previous two years. About the marginal drop, an EOW officer said many victims settle the disputes with the companies instead of complaining to the police. \"It works in favour of both parties. Once a case is registered, there is no guarantee that investors (victims) would get back their money. It is a lengthy procedure involving the judiciary. As for the companies, they do not want the police to arrest their officials, which creates bad publicity.\"He said several cases could be treated as civil disputes and not criminal cases. Since many of the cases involve violation of agreement between two parties, courts have often held that \"it is clear there has been no intention to deceive at the inception of the contract and there can be genuine disputes between the parties with regard to the interpretation of various clauses of the agreement\".He said civil dispute was the basis on which the Bombay high court quashed the FIR against City Limouzines, which had duped people through a money doubling scheme.As per EOW data, cases pertaining to job rackets, and bank and share frauds also dropped in the last three years. But housing fraud cases rose from 8 in 2008 to 47 in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331585", "title": "55 bar girls rescued in raids, eight arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The social service branch of the Mumbai police raided a bar in Borivli where women had been forced into prostitution. At 7.40pm on Saturday, the police team raided Charwak bar in Borivli and rescued 15 bar girls. The supervisor and the cashier were arrested under the provisions of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA) and Rs 3.98 lakh in cash was recovered from the bar.In separate raids at bars in Ghatkopar and Kurla, the police rescued 40 women and arrested six persons on Saturday evening. \"At 5.45pm, the Nehru Nagar police raided Triveni bar at Kurla and rescued 12 women. At 9.45pm, the Parksite police raided Kunal bar at Ghatkopar where 28 girls were rescued,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "11333138", "title": "Man refuses to play music, lands in ICU", "text": "KALYAN: A New Year party at a residential building took an ugly turn when a society member attacked the building's secretary over the playing of music.The accused, Bala Ramesh Gaikwad, wanted the victim, Atmaram Dighe (40), to play music after the deadline. When Dighe refused, a drunk Gaikwad attacked him with a beer bottle.The incident occurred on the terrace of Omsai building in Kolsewadi, Kalyan, where Dighe had organized a New Year bash. The police had allowed him to play music till 10pm.Dighe is admitted to the intensive care unit of a hospital in Kalyan. Cops have registered a case and are hunting for Gaikwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331670", "title": "City Ready Reckoner rates up 17%", "text": "MUMBAI: Notwithstanding the economic slowdown and high property prices, which resulted in at least 25% drop in sales registrations in Mumbai, the state government has increased the Ready Reckoner (RR) rates by an average 17% in the city with effect from January 1, 2012. However, some prime areas like Versova, Prabhadevi, Cuffe Parade and Dadar will see hikes of up to 30%, while Vile Parle will see a 140% jump.The RR is used to calculate the market value of flats for stamp duty and registration charges, which are major sources of revenue for the government after sales tax and value-added tax. As regards the rest of Maharashtra, the revision in the RR rates will be in the range of 5-30%. This year too, the government has based its RR calculus on the built-up area, a deviation from its decision of 2008 when it was based on the carpet area.But experts say the 17% hike will not have any major impact on transactions of new flats as the rates quoted by developers in some places are almost 40-80% higher than that quoted in the RR. The hike will, however, hurt sales and purchases of old flats because of the 16% rise in the cost of construction under the new calculus.Rajesh Mehta, director of Raha Realtors, said the rise in construction cost would deal a major blow to redevelopment schemes as in these projects, the developers base their profitability on the amount they have to spend on the construction.Mehta said, \"In cases of resale of old apartments, the RR value will be marginally higher than the agreement value. Due to this, the burden of the additional stamp duty will have to be borne by the buyer of the flat. Besides, there will be an impact on the capital gains tax calculations. under section 50 (c) of the Income Tax Act for the developer.'' According to revenue officials, the RR rate hike remained at an average 10% in 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010.However, in the year 2011, the rates were increased by an average 30%. In the Mumbai area, the collection of stamp duty as well as registration fell by 25% to Rs 2,800 crore in October 2011 against the Rs 3,500 crore collected during the corresponding period in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11332114", "title": "No sun on Sunday, people's New Year plans turn cold", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a perfect setting for a celebration, Sunday, a holiday and the first day of 2012. But clouds played spoilsport and turned the warmth of joy and happiness a bit cold. Like Saturday, people were expecting bright sunlight on Sunday, which, much to their chagrin, they could not get, and kept shivered in cold. While some residents preferred staying indoors, there were a few who moved out and refused to be bogged down by the cold weather.According to Chandigarh met department, the maximum temperature on Sunday was 20.2 degrees celsius while the minimum was 3.6 degrees celsius. There was a dip in the maximum temperature as compared to last few days while the minimum temperature is expected to increase on Monday morning. Residents groaned at the thought that all their plans for celebrating new year by flying kites and basking in the sun have gone haywire. Disappointed, a businessman and resident of Model Town, Charanjit Singh said, \"For the past one week, there was bright sunlight, so I had planned to fly kites with my son on Sunday. But when we woke up in the morning, it was all cloudy and windy. We dropped our plan and preferred sitting inside.''He said the situation would continue till Lohri with no clear indications about what the weather would be like.However, businessman and resident of Dugri Badish Jindal made full use of the holiday and went to shrine Chintpurni in Himachal Pradesh for paying obeisance to the goddess on the first day of year 2012. He said, \"I do not get enough time from my business on other days, so had planned in advance that I would be visiting Chintpurni temple on the first day of New Year. I did not care about clouds and cold weather and moved ahead with my plan and family.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11333021", "title": "\u2018My son wasn\u2019t drunk during Kherwadi crash\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kherwadi police will be making inquiries with Viral Goradia's parents who have flown in from the US after learning about his accident, which killed his fiancee, Dhwani Chheda (22).His father claimed that Viral was not drunk while he was driving.The mishap occurred on Friday when Viral (27) lost control of the Honda City he was driving and hit a road divider at Kherwadi junction on the Western Express Highway. Chheda, who was in the car with him, died and Viral himself injured his head and fractured his rib cage; he has been admitted to hospital. Viral, who stays in the US, had come down to Mumbai to meet a few friends.According to the police, the two were returning after partying with their friends in south Mumbai and Viral was drunk while at the wheel. Though the officials have booked him for negligence, rash and drunk driving, Viral's father, who has arrived in the city, denied that he was drunk. \"My son is in the ICCU at present. He was not drunk and it was a regular accident. The media should not blow the case out of proportion,\" Viral's father, Bharat, told TOI at the hospital. He added that Viral was not an NRI. \"He is an MBA student studying in New York and he stays there on a student's visa. He was to get married in April,\" he added.In spite of Bharat's denial, senior inspector Avadhut Chavan said medical report clearly showed that Viral was drunk. \"We will arrest him once he is discharged from the hospital this week. His statement will be recorded,\" said investigating officer Pravin Kharade. \"Viral told us that he had put up at a hotel in Colaba, but the hotel has denied it. We will question his parents about where he was staying in the city.\"It has been found that the car that Viral was driving belongs to his father. In the impact of the collision, the car has been completely damaged. \"In the backseat of the car, we found empty alcohol bottles-two empty boxes of whiskey and one empty bottle of a rum-based drink-besides a pack of imported cigarettes,\" said a police official. On the dashboard, the police found a partly torn sticker, which had two cellphone numbers written on it, to be dialled in case of \"an accident or an emergency\".The police are also in the process of confiscating Viral's passport. \"He would visit India every six months and had not come to the city on any business purpose this time,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11333248", "title": "Tripura to mark Vivekananda's 150th birth anniversary", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura's Left Front government will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda with a year-long programme to inspire people with his life and philosophy, a minister said in Agartala on Sunday.\"The year-long commemorative programme will start on Vivekananda's birthday Jan 12 and would be held in each and every locality across Tripura,\" information minister Anil Sarkar told reporters. Besides publication of books and magazines on the life, work and philosophy of Vivekananda, the year-long programme will also include seminars, discussions, colourful rallies, sports and writing competitions, mass blood donation, cultural functions and screening of films.The state government has formed a high level organizing committee led by chief minister Manik Sarkar , who is also the member of the CPI-M politburo, and several sub-committees to celebrate the anniversary of Vivekananda in a befitting manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11333442", "title": "NSG working without top commander for 6 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country's elite counter-terrorist force NSG is functioning without its top operations commander for almost six months as both the home and defence ministries have not been able to get a suitable Army officer.The last incumbent of the post - Inspector General (operations) Major General R S Pradhan was repatriated from the elite commando force on July 12 last year even before he completed his stipulated three-year tenure.Pradhan had joined the Black Cats on June 21, 2010 on deputation from the Army. Sources in the home ministry said that at a time when the NSG has spread its security web by deploying its crack commandos in various important cities across the country, the absence of the top commander can turn out to be a costly affair for the force in the possible event of a terrorist attack or an hijack attempt.According to sources, home minister P Chidambaram had approved the name of a senior Major General but the post is still vacant. The defence ministry is still to give its nod on the selection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11332072", "title": "Life term for killing neighbour", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has awarded life imprisonment to a man, who murdered his neighbour over a dispute of Rs 1,000. Accused Chand Mohammed had lent the money to one Feroz; but when the latter couldn't return the money on time, he strangled him.A division bench comprising Justice B D Ahmed and Justice Veena Birbal held Mohammed guilty of the crime even as they acquitted his two friends for lack of clinching evidence. The court relied on testimony of Feroz's mother and the fact that his body was recovered from Mohammed's house.Police said, Feroz took a loan from Chand in 2004, but despite repeated reminders couldn't pay it back, leading to friction between the two neighbours. Feroz's mother said in her testimony, Chand landed up at their house, threatening to kill Feroz if the money wasn't returned immediately. When Feroz expressed his inability to pay, the accused came to her house on 18th April, 2004 and forcibly took the victim away. The next day, Feroz's mother was informed that her son lay immobile in Mohammed's house and that she should come and take him away. He was later pronounced dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11333376", "title": "Police clueless about cause of teen\u2019s death", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after Vineet Sharma, a student of DAV School in Sector 8 was found dead in his hostel room under mysterious circumstances, the police remained clueless about the cause of his death as the postmortem examination report has not come up with anything conclusive. Meanwhile, the family of the deceased arrived here from Kullu and alleged foul play in his death. Devi Dass Sharma, the father of the deceased lodged a complaint in this regard with the police.Inspector Punam Dilawari, SHO of the police station in Sector 3, said during the postmortem examination doctors did not find any injury marks on Vineet's body, though the family had alleged that he was beaten up. The SHO added that the doctors said that the exact cause of his death would become clear after the arrival of the viscera report. However, Renu Sharma, sister of the deceased teenager, claimed doctors had mentioned in the postmortem report that traces of poison were found in his body. Renu is studying law in Dehradun. The postmortem was conducted by a panel of three doctors and it was also videographed.The teenager was found dead in his hostel room on Saturday afternoon and his family members arrived in the city late on Saturday night.Devi Dass, an official with the revenue department in Kullu said, \"My son was under pressure and it seems he was under depression due to some thing that was worrying him.\" The family has also raised objection to the removal of the body from the hostel room without informing the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11336291", "title": "Budget to be presented after state polls: Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Budget will be presented after the completion of elections in five states, but the government has not yet decided the final date of presentation, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee said today.\"We have not yet decided the time (for the Budget), but naturally it will be after the elections,\" Mukherjee told reporters here.He was replying to a query on the likely date for presentation of the Budget.The announcement of the Assembly election schedule in five states between January 30 and March 3 has raised the possibility of rescheduling of the Budget for 2012-13 this year.As per the schedule worked out by the Election Commission , last polling will take place on March 3 in Goa and counting of votes will begin on March 4.The general budget is usually presented on the last day of February every year.Mukherjee will hold brainstorming sessions with various stakeholders during his annual pre-budget meetings beginning January 11.The first meeting would be held with agriculturalists, followed by a series of interactions with sectoral experts, representatives, industry captains and economists over the next ten days to get their feedback and inputs for incorporating them in Budget 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11321709", "title": "On New Year eve flower prices hit the roof", "text": "MADURAI: With people gearing up to welcome the New Year, prices of flowers was at an all time high in the Mattuthavani Integrated Market, the largest in the southern district.In Madurai district alone, flowers like Madurai jasmine, chrysanthemums, white champak and cassandra are being cultivated in 1,450 hectares. Of that 1,450 hectares, Madurai jasmine was being grown in 1,050 hectares.According to a horticulturist, due to winter, mist had set in and hence the size of flowers had also shrunk. Generally, during this season, yield is low. Too many festivals are held till Pongal while the Sabarimala season also contributed to the increase in flower costs.E Kesavan, president of the Madurai Flower Merchants Association, told TOI that in normal circumstances, they were handling at least 25 to 40 tonnes of flowers per day in the market. But now, they are getting only 3 tonnes of flowers. There was a huge gap between demand and supply.He adds that in view of New Year's Eve, the flower rates had gone up manifold. It cost Rs 300 per kg for Madurai jasmine. We depend upon arrivals from Vallayangulam, Paramapatti, Alangulam, Sonankurani, Kariapatti and Alagarkoil. The supply was struck due to mist and other factors. Quite a handful of exporters of jasmine flower are ready to send their crop provided people are willing to buy.N Jagadeesan, an exporter of jasmine and president of the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said the arrivals of Madurai malli flower was very low since it was off season. We are getting only about 10 to 20% of our original supply. Prices hover at Rs 300 for Madurai jasmine, Rs 40 for chrysanthemums, Rs 150 for white champak, Rs 400 for Cassandra, and Rs. 300 for Pitchi- all per kg. The prices might, however, come down by Sunday evening, added the flower merchant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11332026", "title": "After warmest Dec 31 in 6 years, a rainy Jan 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first day of 2012 dawned overcast but still warmer - registering a higher maximum temperature - than January 1, 2011. The maximum temperature on Sunday was 19.5 degrees; it was 16.7 degrees on January 1 last year.Ironically, Sunday also recorded the lowest day temperature of the season. The minimum temperature for both January 1, 2011 and January 1, 2012 was 8.4 degrees. While it was 8.4 at Lodhi road, other parts of Delhi registered even higher minimum temperatures. In the Ridge area, it was 12.8 degrees, Faridabad 14 degrees, Najafgarh 12.8, Noida 14 and Pitampura 13.2. Toward late evening, however, it got chillier and rained, quite heavily in some parts.December 31s have been growing warmer too. Saturday, December 31, 2011 was warmer - registering a higher maximum temperature of 23.3 degrees - than December 31, 2010, when it was 19 degrees. In fact, this 31st was the warmest one of the last six years, starting from 2006. December 31, 2006, came closest, clocking a maximum temperature of 23 degrees. \"I had bundled up but it wasn't as cold as expected,\" said designer Ankita Sinha. \"It was good weather for partying.\"Along with dense clouds, January 1 also saw rain in various parts of the city including Mayur Vihar, the Ridge area and east and south Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336358", "title": "Simran's New Year in Goa", "text": "Truly, there's no better place to spend the New Year's Eve in India than in Goa. And actor and now television host Simran too spent her last few days of 2011 in Goa.She was chilling out in the sun and sands and partying it up along with her husband and friends. Simran took a break for the last few days of the year to ensure that she completely chilled out. \"I love Goa. It has amazing spirit and there's no better place to get into the party mood in the country than over here,\" says Simran, who's still chilling out in Goa.And no wonder she managed to party till the sunrise in the one city where the sun never sets in India, unlike her counterparts in Chennai who had to wind up their partying quite early with the almost Cinderella deadline. \"I'm looking forward to come back recharged and refreshed to Chennai to take on work for the New Year,\" Simran adds. The svelte Punjabi beauty, who's played power packed roles - be it from Jodi to Varanam Aayiram, is enjoying her motherhood, after delivering her second baby boy last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11331490", "title": "Police recruitment drive begins in Indore", "text": "INDORE: A week-long recruitment drive for police constables for Indore is beginning on Monday. Nearly 500 policemen are likely to be recruited during this drive. A team comprising over 20 police officials have been formed in this regard.Elaborate arrangements have been made to ensure the successful completion of the recruitment campaign at the police line. The drive will continue till January 8 followed by a written test. All the aspirants have been asked to appear with applications at the venue on Monday. However, the officials concerned are yet to inform that how many vacancies lying vacant at various sections of the Indore police will be filled during the recruitment.A senior police official said on condition of anonymity that last year, about 12,000 applicants had appeared for the recruitment of 700 constables. Final recruitment process would be completed by next month, added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11330833", "title": "Patient held for attacking trainee doctor", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 24-year-old youth was arrested on Sunday afternoon for attacking a trainee doctor at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) on Saturday night. The youth sustained injuries on his head and hands and has been admitted at the prisoners ward in CMCH.Police said K Dinesh alias Dineshkumar of Sakthi Nagar near Ramanathapuram in the city, who had studied up to class 10, was working as a driver. His father Kanagaraj was a manager in an automobile company near Periyanaickenpalayam on the outskirts of the city.Dinesh and his friends were celebrating the New Year drinking liquor at Ondipudur. He was in inebriated state and was riding his bike from Ondipudur to Ramanathapuram. He dashed against a centre median near Ondipudur and was thrown off his bike. He sustained injuries on his head and was taken to CMCH and was admitted in the trauma ward.Meanwhile, over ten persons were admitted with multiple injuries in the same ward and the duty trainee doctor was attending to them. Due to unbearable pain, Dinesh verbally and physically abused one of the duty doctors Gunasekaran, and left the hospital, to get admitted in a private hospital. Meanwhile, the doctor lodged a complaint with Race Course police station on Saturday night.On Sunday morning, around 7 am, the trainee doctors (house surgeons) gathered together at the CMCH campus and demanded that the hospital management should take action against the patients who attacked the doctors. After a two and a half hour strike, the trainee doctors went back to work. Meanwhile, the police traced Dinesh at the private hospital and took him to CMCH.He was produced before Judicial Magistrate L Sathiyamurthy at the trauma ward in the CMCH and the accused was remanded to judicial custody. Later, he was shifted from trauma word to the prisoners ward. The Race Course police booked him under section 506 (i) (criminal intimidation) and 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11331457", "title": "Mob tried to abduct &amp; molest girl, beat up beau", "text": "GURGAON: It was New Year revelry at its worst. Party-goers, who couldn't enter the packed Sahara Mall on Saturday night, created ruckus on the road. The situation soon escalated when around 1pm, a group of youths attacked a couple and tried to abduct and molest the girl. When her partner tried to intervene, he was thrashed by the mob. They couple was rescued by the police. \"We would not have come if we knew how crowd behaves here,\" the duo later said.The incident took place despite the police having deployed 50 teams of 400 cops each in Gurgaon. However, all arrangements failed on MG Road, which has a host of pubs, bars and malls. Police officials said thousands of people from all parts of NCR and even Punjab and Rajasthan had descended on the place for New Year celebrations. Eyewitnesses said some inebriated youths tried to stop vehicles on the main road and even smashed the windshields of some cars. \"Some of the youths were perched on top of buses and trucks. It was long pile-up on MG Road,\" one of them recalled.Over a hundred cops were rushed to the spot and even appeals by the ACP (traffic) Ravindra Tomar to pacify the crowd failed. Finally, police resorted to a mild lathicharge, leaving around a dozen men injured. Some of the men who indulged in the violence said that they were not allowed to enter the mall even when they had tickets. However, some bar owners said that they were only allowing in couples and had no space to accommodate the youths. \"There was no lathicharge. When the crowd went out of control, we only drove them away. In fact, they pelted stones at police and our two cops were injured. We have registered a case under section 332/353 IPC,\" said Jagdish Parshad, SHO of Sector-29 police station.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "11331487", "title": "Season's first snowfall in Hills", "text": "DARJEELING: The New Year brought with it the first snowfall in the Hills on Sunday. Around 2 inches of snow covered the Phalut-Sandakphu region, around 52km from Darjeeling town. Locals feel Darjeeling will also experience snowfall within a few days.Tour and travel operators were quick to cash in on the snowfall at Phalut. They spread the news in Kolkata where domestic tourists were waiting for the snowfall. \"I just got confirmation that it is snowing in Darjeeling. Many of my clients have been enquiring about the possibility of snowfall in the Hills. It's good news,\" said Sushanta Roy, a tour operator from B C Roy Market in Esplanade.\"It is snowing now.and it looks like it will last for some more time. The weather condition indicates that makes it feel that snowfall will get heavier as night falls,\" said Nima Lhamu Sherpa, a local over phone from Kalpokhari.Temperature in Darjeeling hovered around the 2-3 degree mark on Sunday. \"The condition is suitable for snowfall any time now. There is a blanket of cloud with slight drizzle but it is not chilly. This is an indicator that snow could fall anytime in Darjeeling town,\" said Meghna Rana, a local resident.In Tiger Hill, the temperature dropped drastically to 1 degree.\"It has been cold for the past couple of days. The western disturbances have not arrived but there was rainfall in Siliguri. Moisture is in the air, which is essential for snowfall,\" said the weatherman at the North Bengal University (NBU) in Siliguri.Hoteliers in Darjeeling have already started receiving inquiries and bookings with the news of the snowfall in Sandakphu-Phalut spreading to the cities. \"I have been getting several calls since this evening from Kolkata and Delhi. I have only 17 rooms but the volume of bookings at least over phone has swelled to more then 30 within a span of hours,\" said Anuraj Sharma, an hotelier in Darjeeling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11331733", "title": "First day goes off peacefully", "text": "RANCHI: Incessant rain all throughout the first day of New Year might have dampened the spirit of revellers but also gave a sigh of relief to the hundreds of police.The roads and picnic spots wore almost deserted looks as few people came out of their homes. Till evening, there were no reports of clashes or accidents from any part of the capital. Senior SP Saket Singh said although there was heavy police deployment on the streets and major picnic spots in and around Ranchi, but they had an easy time in the wake of less number of people turning out of their homes.However the December 31 night was as usual thrilling. Inebriated youth entering into group clashes, hitting on vehicles, colliding with dividers and lying on the streets were a common scene. While parties began in most of the restaurants and bars by eight in the evening, crowd started pouring in into the streets to attend New Year revelry at clubs and hotels. Groups who were interested in celebrating the occasion on streets could be seen moving on decorated four-wheelers and playing music at full volume.On the foot overbridge near the capital's GEL Church Complex, people sat for their drinks and dinning and later tore off the banners and hit the advertisement hoardings. The inebriated youths were caught by some local businessman and handed over to police.Two groups of revellers clashed near Upper Bazar over playing music louder than the other. In yet another scuffle, revellers moving on bikes hit a car near Lalpur Chowk. Both the disputes were settled following intervention of local people.However police intervention was sought at Doranda and Ratu Road where the revellers were trying to disrupt traffic at midnight. \"We may bag the credit for maintaining law and order on December 31 night but on we will give every credit to the rain god who forced people to remain in their homes on the New Year's Day,\" the SSP said. According to him, there was no official report of any accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11332131", "title": "2012 what a wonderful", "text": "As the clock struck 12 at midnight, Ludhiana sprung into life as residents burst crackers and hollered New Year wishes at the top of their voices to welcome 2012. Parties, get-togethers and cultural events were held across the city but the one that hogged limelight was the South Korean dance groups 'matkas' and 'jhatkas' that shook Ludhianivis, setting a precedence of sorts.The traditional dance performance of South Korean Traditional Art Performance group Hata at a local mall along Ferozepur Road was appreciated so much by people that they couldn't stop raving about the group. They grooved and gushed, got pictures clicked and took videos of the performance.Hata was in city as part of the cultural exchange programme and performed at the Punjab International Folk Festival presented by Punjab Cultural Promotion Council and Ghungroo Musical Club.Director of the group, Louis, 41, from Daegu city in South Korea said, \"It was fun to perform for a Punjabi audience, especially Ludhiana. Punjab is an ocean of traditional dances. We all have watched the Punjabi Martial Art (gatka) and liked it extremely. We are a team of 10 comprising six girls and four boys who have come to India for the first time and we are loving the experience. We will carry happy memories from here.'' Lee, 35, a dancer of the cultural group whose 10-year-old son Gun is also accompanying her, said, \"I am touched by the hospitality of the people here. They watched our dance with interest, cheered us and even recorded the performances.''Vishal Khullar, a private sector employee from Gill Road, said, \"They were amazing performers. I liked their dance and their energy levels were awesome.''Sukhminder Singh, 32, a businessman of Daba colony, said, \"My wife Simran and I had come here for shopping but when we saw this group performing, we didn't want to miss their performance. We even made a video of the electrifying dance. The beats of dhols which they played were more or less the same as we do for bhangra. Music has the same soul everywhere.'' Buchae Chum, the fan dance, left the crowd gaping with awe as the artists swirled and moved with perfect grace.Apart from this, the mood across city hotels , clubs, lounges and bars was also upbeat. Members of Satluj Club were entertained by comedian Sheraz Khan while belly dancers stole the show in Lodhi Club with their performance and magician Rajesh Kumar wowed with his humour. At Hotel Park Plaza, celebrity singer-cum-performer Shipra, a Russian DJ Romonov and Columbian Band Urantia took the audience by storm and those who enjoyed the final countdown of 2011 at Hotel Keys were entertained by Flipino band Froze and Feri. Turn Click-happystart", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331534", "title": "City hits panic button after Park Street fire", "text": "KOLKATA: The AMRI tragedy has left the city shell-shocked. The citizens are yet to cope with the irreparable loss the fire has left behind. So when news of a fire at Apeejay House on Sunday spread across the city, no wonder fire brigade headquarters received as many as 200 calls from panic-striken citizens.\"Such high number of calls is a manifestation of anxiety-neurosis that has prevailed upon the citizens after AMRI tragedy,\" said Dr Shiladitya Roy, a psychiatrist.People made desperate calls on 101 and other numbers of the fire brigade headquarters at Free School Street ( Mirza Ghalib Street) to enquire about the fire. They were anxious to know whether the fire could spread to adjoining restaurants. The officers manning the control room played the soothsayers and assured the unnerved callers that the fire was under control and it had not damaged anything beyond the building block.\"The panic is quite understandable. Only a year ago, so many people were killed at Stephen Court. More recently, hundreds were choked to death at AMRI. I could not sit quiet at the restaurant with my friends as my ailing mother kept calling me after she came to know about the incident,\" said Sarita Agnihotri, who was rushing back to his home to console his mother. But on her way, she dropped by at Apeejay House to enquire about the intensity of the fire.\"The new year's crowd at Park Street was always there in our mind. From the very beginning, our effort was not to allow the smoke to spread. Since there is a link between Apeejay House and the Park Hotel, we tried to battle the fire from three sides so that both the fire and smoke can be managed at shortest possible time,\" said a fire brigade personnel.The first thing that the disaster management group personnel of Kolkata Police did was to break the glass panes of the centrally air-conditioned building. \"From the AMRI experience, we now know how important it is to let the smoke out. So once we reached there, we just started breaking the glass panes,\" said the official.Park Hotel MD Vijay Dewan said, \"It was a minor fire. Even though our hotel is in the next building, the fire was not a threat for us. There is a 20-metre gap between the two buildings. We were in constant touch with fire brigade and Apeejay House authorities. We have shut down Galaxy, which is located in the affected building. But we are going to reopen it very soon.\"The spectre of fire returned to park Street to haunt its visitors on the new year's day. The fire brigade headquarters received more than 200 panic calls from people who thronged the food street of the city for new year's lunch and their relatives. \"Such high number of calls is manifestation of anxiety-neurosis that has prevailed upon the citizens after AMRI tragedy,\" said Dr Shiladitya Roy, a well known psychiatrist.People made desperate calls at 101 and other board numbers of the fire-brigade headquarters at Free School Street (Mirza Ghalib Street) to know how dangerous this fire was, whether the fire could spread to adjoining restaurants. The officers manning the control room also played the soothsayers by assuring the callers that the fire is under control and it had not damaged anything beyond the building block.\"The panic is quite understandable. Only a year ago, so many people were killed at Stephen Court. Then, so many deaths at AMRI. I could not sit quite at the restaurant with my friends, as my ailing mother kept calling me after she saw the fire at Apeejay House in news. Now, I am going back home,\" said Sarita Agnihotri, who also works in a private bank on Camac Street. On her way back home, she dropped in at Apeejay house.\"The new year's crowd at Park Street on a new year's day was always on the back of our mind. So our effort from the very beginning was not to allow the smoke to spread. Since there is a link between the Apeejay House and the Park Hotel, we tried to battle the fire from three sides so that both the fire and smoke can be managed at shortest possible time,\" said a fire brigade personnel.The first thing that disaster management group (DMG) personnel of Kolkata Police did was to broke the glass panes of centrally air-conditioned building. From the AMRI experience, we now know how important it is to let out the smoke. So once reaching there, we just started breaking the glass window-panes of both inside and outside.However, the Park Hotel managing director Vijay Dewan said, \"It was a minor fire which was quickly brought under control. Even though the park hotel is the next building, fire was not threat for us. There is a 20 meter gap between two buildings. We were in constant touch with fire brigade and Apeejay House authorities. We have shut down Galaxy which is located in the affected building and there is no damage. So, we are going to reopen Galaxy very soon.\" According the hotel authority, no warning was issued to boarders and there was no panic, whatsoever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11333453", "title": "Amarchand likely to be prosecution witness", "text": "JAIPUR: Amarchand, husband of the missing nurse Bhanwari Devi, might become a prosecution witness against some accused persons including former minister Mahipal Maderna. Amarchand who was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on December 8 for his alleged role in his wife's kidnapping might approach a court for bail on the same grounds soon.Amarchand had recently recorded his statement before a magistrate under section 164 of CrPC. On CBI's request, the court has turned down the applications filed by Maderna and another Congress legislator Malkhan Singh Bishnoi to provide them the copies of the statement.Sources said that the CBI has not found any concrete role of nurse's husband in the kidnapping except allegedly misleading the police. Amarchand had allegedly fabricated the story of her kidnapping and even persuaded his driver Farooq to do the same.Amarchand's driver Farooq has reportedly told the CBI that Amarchand had persuaded him to give misleading statements to the CBI. Farooq had dropped Bhanwari at her village Borunda's bus stand on September 1 from where she had gone to Bilara . She disappeared after that.Besides, a leader from his community had alleged that Amarchand had confessed before the CBI about being paid Rs 10 lakh by Sohanlal.Amarchand is currently in judicial custody in Jodhpur. His arrest had surprised everyone as he was the one who had accused minister Mahipal Maderna of the nurse's kidnap and murder.He had also moved an application in the court of additional chief judicial magistrate on December 23 requesting isolation in the jail as he was concerned about his security.He requested the court that he should be kept away from other three accused Shahabuddin , Baldev Jat alias Balia and Sohanlal who have been arrested in the case. The court accepted his request.The agency had arrested him saying that he was constantly changing statements and was not cooperating during interrogation.He even fled from the Jodhpur Circuit House on December 7. He was traced within two hours and then arrested by the agency.Maderna was arrested in Jodhpur on December 3 and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, Congress legislator from Luni constituency , on December 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338792", "title": "Subhrajit Mitra\u2019s an optimist", "text": "Subhrajit Mitra's Aagunpakhi (The Phoenix ) will finally see tyhe light of day. It will be screened at the Purulia International Film Festival.Says the director, \"It is a topical story of our troubled times, the film has made an attempt to explore the nuances of age old human struggle for justice. Written &amp; directed by me, Aagunpakhi (The Phoenix) is a film that raises many a question that remains unanswered in today's society and system. The film has an ensemble star cast of Rituparna Sengupta , Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Shrreya Pande, Rajesh Sharma, Shantilal Mukherjee, Kharaj Mukherjee, Sagnik, Anindya &amp; Ankita. Rana Dasgupta, ace cinematographer has captured the vivid landscapes and emotions through his lens, Debkanta Chakrabarty, a veteran and noted Film Editor from FTII has edited the Aagunpakhi (The Phoenix) and the art direction is by Goutam Basu.The music is composed by ace music director Kalyan Sen Barat and Lopamudra Mitra has rendered Tagore's \"Ebar tor mora gaang-e baan esechhe, joy maa bole bhasha tori\" in her soulful voice.\" Ask him if his film being screened at the Jangalmahol section will create further contriversies and he says, \"I'm an eternal optimist, otherwise I wouldn't have come to making films, when I've the option to settle abroad with my IT career. and I was fully aware of the fact that my journey would be greeted by thorns rather than petals. The festival screener DVD will be publicly exhibited during the festival. The characters of the film were from that very area and it depicts their struggle, I feel honored and humbled by these very facts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11333517", "title": "Train services back on track", "text": "VARANASI: Notwithstanding the incessant drizzle that marked the start of the New Year on Sunday, the long-distance train services, especially the northbound ones, were back on the track on the first day of the year.While the delay in plying of around a dozen long-distance trains making to and fro journey from New Delhi, Jaipur, Dehradun, Jammu and Amritsar in the northern parts of country was minimised, the timely start of some of prominent trains like Varanasi-New Delhi Shivganga Express, Kashi Vishwanath Express and Garib Rath brought respite for the passengers in the region. Ashok Kumar , public relations officer, NER (Varanasi), said the improved weather conditions with bright sunshine in the last one week have helped in bringing train services back on track.The changed weather conditions helped get rid of poor visibility due to foggy and misty conditions, and most of the trains are now running on time. Besides Sitamarhi-New Delhi Lichchvi Express that has remained cancelled, most of the trains passing through the division are plying on time, he added. Similar reports are also pouring from NR (Cantonment) office.A number of trains including Varanasi-Jodhpur Marudhar Express, Varanasi-Jammu Express (superfast), Doon Express and others are either running on time or the delay has been curtailed to less than three hours. The night bus services of roadways have also improved in the last one week. According to P K Tiwari, regional manager, UPSRTC, nearly 25% of bus services that were affected due to foggy conditions have now been restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11332863", "title": "Fun &amp; frolic mark first day of 2012", "text": "KANPUR: After a blast on Saturday night, the people continued to make merry on the first day of the New Year on Sunday. Although it rained, the revellers still managed to enjoy and several of them were in a partying mood. Food joints, restaurants, malls, ice-cream parlours and coffee shops witnessed huge rush of teenagers.The malls turned out to be the preferred destination on Sunday. Several people remained confined to their homes only. The evening was beautiful with decorative lights on the roads giving a festive feely.Akansha, Namita, Rahul and Gaurav their gang thronged a mall at Bada Chauraha and then gathered at a coffee shop to celebrate. The girls and boys said that boards examinations are coming closer and New Year was the last chance to celebrate before studies. \"What's the harm in celebrating. We did party a lot on New Year eve on at one of our friend's home and now we have gathered here. After this we all will gear up to study,\" said a girl. The youngsters said that they will continue to have fun even on Monday and Tuesday.\"Parents always complain that we come home home late on New Year. This year, my friends have made a plan to satisfy both family and friends and we celebrated in parts. The 31 December was a bonfire party at my house, while Monday was followed with a movie. On Tuesday, we will have a lunch at a friend's farmhouse and Wednesday will be picnic with family in Bithoor,\" said a youngster.A family of more than 25 members, who came to the mall, was a eye candy for others. Five brothers and two sisters of family with their children were a centre of attraction. Several families walked into food joints and enjoyed delicacies. Those who wanted to give surprise to the loved ones, did not miss the chance and took them out for an outing. Long drives and visiting a friend's place remained a preferred option for many. The markets remained decked up for the occasion. Florists made good money as they kept on selling flowers and bouquets. Many malls were prepared to deal with the heavy rush. \"A bigger crowd was expected on the first day of 2012. Everyone wants to celebrate and malls appear to be the best destination. They eat, shop and have a gala time,'' said mall manager.The balloon sellers also had a good time as they found a good number of buyers. Multi-coloured balloons were a rage among youngsters. The merry making continued till late in the evening. The 'chat' and 'pakada' vendors did a brisk business.Most of the parties were organised on the eve of the New Near. Fun lovers continued the parties even on Sunday.There were many who began the first day of the year by visiting temples and offering 'bhog' to the idols. Several temples remained crowded with the devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330903", "title": "Youth most vulnerable to suicide: Report", "text": "PUNE: The fairer sex has proved to be stronger as well. The report compiled by the National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB) titled - 'Accidental Deaths and Suicides in India', says that 431 men in Pune committed suicide in 2010 as against 215 women. The trend has been noticed across the country.The report, which is the only document in India that provides statistics about suicides, said that social and economic causes have driven most men to commit suicide whereas emotional and personal causes were the reasons among women.Overall, the number of suicides in the city has seen a fractional drop in 2010. Pune recorded 646 cases in 2010 at the rate of 17.2 per one lakh population. In 2005 it was 13.5; 14.1 in 2006; 15.5 in 2007; 16.3 in 2008 and 17.3 in 2009.Most alarming was the high rate in the 15-29 age group (40.2%). Bobby Zachariah, chief executive officer of 'Connecting', an NGO that works towards prevention of suicides, said, \"Academic pressures from teachers as well as parents, love affairs and depression are some of the common causes for people in this age group to end their lives.\"Zachariah expressed concern at depression emerging as one of the major causes. \"People give up when they don't get what they desire in life, leading to depression and the extreme step. Also relationship issues, including kids who are unable to meet parents' expectations, are some of the causes for the high percentage of suicides in this age group.\"Among other reasons, the report pointed out prolonged illness, unemployment , failed affairs, professional and career problems, death of a dear one, poverty, addiction, etc.If marital status is a yardstick to gauge the trend, more married individuals (72.1%) committed suicide as against unmarried, widowed, divorcees and separated men and women. Profile-wise, more number of housewives took the extreme step.\"Strained relationships (either with parents or girlfriend), family conflicts, domestic violence, academic pressure, career failure, and unfulfilled romantic ideals are among the prime reasons why the rate of suicide is so high among the age group of 15 to 29 years,\" said Rajeev Yeravdekar, dean faculty of health sciences at Symbiosis International University.Every year around 2,500 students in the age group of 17 to 23 years enroll for various undergraduate and postgradyare progtammes at Symbiosis International University in Pune, Nasik, Bangalore and Noida.\"Usually, when youth experience little or no control in the important events of their lives, they may see themselves negatively. \"I am worthless. I'm no good.\" This negative thinking makes it difficult for youth to face the stresses in their lives, and this combined with poor problem-solving skills can lead to feelings of depression and hopelessness,\" thinks Rajeev Yeravdekar, dean faculty of health sciences at Symbiosis International University.Alka Pawar, director of Maharashtra Institute of Mental Health , said, \"Lack of communication in some families makes it difficult for the suicidal person to state his or her needs openly to others. And adolescents believe there is no one who can understand them. This often creates a sense of intense aloneness and isolation as they face problems.\"\"Besides in cities, trivial happenings, peer-pressure to perform, lower levels of tolerance, psychological problems arising out of daily living are reasons. How to cope with a difficult situation is no longer part of grooming. It is not happening through observational learning in the family, parents have become over protective of their wards and there is not enough bonding between parents and teachers. There are too many expectations. Very few people talk at home if there is a problem,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11330821", "title": "Once a hotspot, Mogarkasa in ruins", "text": "NAGPUR: A tourist hot spot till a decade ago, Mogarkasa, a lush-green forest area with a resort centred around a lake, is in a shambles and virtually dying.Mogarkasa reserve forest, 76km from Nagpur in Paoni range under the Nagpur division, is around 16 sq km and falls in the tourism circuit Ramdham-Ramtek-Nagardhan-Mogarkasa-Pench. You have to reach Paoni, 60km from Nagpur on Nagpur-Jabalpur highway, and take a right turn to Hiwra to reach Mogarkasa.Mogarkasa is a mixed forest with combination of trees like teak, ain, tendu, bamboo, haldu, salai, dhawda etc. The wildlife species in Mogarkasa include leopard, sloth bear, chital, sambar, wild dogs and others.A recent visit to the spot revealed that due to poor maintenance and facilities, the lovely spot, although still uncannily silent and eerie, has been virtually left to die. There is an old guesthouse adjoining a big lake. The spot is still surrounded by rich forest, but the lake is in a mess. It is not only shrinking but many weed and aquatic plants have covered the water surface. Cattle-grazing is rampant deep inside the forest. The staffers also revealed that cattle and wildlife share the same lake water to quench thirst.At Mogarkasa entry point, a barren hut with wooden poles greets you. If you are riding a two-wheeler, you can easily sneak in from a small passage from near the huge gate. For a vehicle, the guard inside needs to have prior intimation from the bosses, that you are expected to visit the area.The forest patch encountered by visitors is littered with plastic and paper plates. When inside, loud music played by vehicles parked near the spot disturbs peace and tranquillity of the area. The display boards on birds and animals have faded.Besides, devotees of Baba Jumdeoji Maharaj, a saintly figure who had stayed in Mogarkasa in the 50s, visit the place to worship the 'charan paduka' (steps of baba), installed in a small concrete structure. The devotees cook food near the lake and litter the place with garbage.\"Mogarkasa is a holy place for us as baba had saved a group of devotees from drowning with words of miracle,\" claimed Namdeorao Wanjari.. Ramesh Bawne, the lone van majoor guarding the premises, proves too weak to handle many educated revellers, many times young couples, from Nagpur who try to demand entry by taking big names, if they are not allowed inside.TOI found the main gate crumbling and the lone staff quarter dilapidated with virtually no roof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11333136", "title": "Abducted Assam trader found in Meghalaya", "text": "SILCHAR: 25-year-old Tridip Dev, a trader who was kidnapped from his home at Ramkrishnanagar in Assam's Karimganj district by suspected miscreants, was found from Adabasti locality in Ri Bhoi district of Meghalaya on Saturday after 50 days.Miscreants whisked away Dev by a car on November 10 from his home. A senior police officer said, after they came to know that Tridip was released at Adabasti, a police team from Karimganj went there and escorted him to Karimganj. Following preliminary health check-up, Karimganj SP Diganta Bora interrogated him and later sent him home. However, he was admitted to the Silchar Medical Collage Hospital on Sunday.Sources said the kidnappers kept Tridip, who runs a transportation business, inside a cave somewhere in Meghalaya for the last 50 days. On Saturday they brought him to Adabasti locality in a four-wheeler and left him there.Tridip's father Triguna Dev told media persons that kidnappers initially demanded a sum of Rs 1 crore as ransom for the release of his son. Later they came down to Rs 50 lakh. \"However, after long negotiation over phone they were ready to release him for Rs 15 lakh. We were compelled to pay the money for the sake of the life of our son.\"Police are yet to ascertain weather any militant outfit is involved in this crime. They have so far arrested three persons in this connection. They include Dhenuka Gurung of Meghalaya and Mukti Paul and Pijush Paul of Karimganj. The abductors used Pujish's car to take Tridip to their captivity. According to police, Dhrubajyoti Paul, the mastermind behind the abduction and husband of arrested Mukti Paul is still absconding.Barak Valley areas and Dima Hasao district of Assam have been witnessing a spree of extortion, abduction and killing for the past few years. Militant outfits and miscreants active in this part of the state have made kidnapping a flourishing business.Only on November 20, Ahrar Ahmed, alias Naz, a student of Karimganj Collage was abducted and killed despite paying a sum of Rs 12 lakh as ransom. On December 22, bodies of Col (Retd) Jatindar Singh Sandhu (62), the general manager of the Umrangshu unit of a private cement plant, and Ramen Sharma, deputy general manager of state-owned Assam Mineral Development Corporation were recovered from a jungle near Umrangshu. They were abducted from their offices on November 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338105", "title": "Troikala concert in Delhi on January 5", "text": "Renowned percussionist Bickram Ghosh, Assamese folk/indie singer Papon and Scottish singer-songwriter Rachel Sermanni - three musicians from three diverse backgrounds will come together for 'Troikala', an event through which they search for musical synergy.Curated and organized by the British Council in association with Folktronic, 'Troikala' will see the three work together till May 2012 to produce an album and a concert tour in India and the UK to showcase their collaborative efforts.Rachel Sermanni and Papon will collaborate on a joint album and concert project with Bickram, whose own music is influenced by folk rhythms from India and across the world. \"This concept allows us to explore our talent to create a unique sound. Rachel Sermanni and Papon are great artists and when the three of us get together, we plan to introduce interesting musical concepts by merging each of our unique perspectives, which will come together as one awesome sound in the end,\" Bickram Ghosh has been quoted as saying in a statement.There will also be a Troikala concert in Delhi on January 5 at the British Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11333104", "title": "In poll mode, govt plays home card", "text": "MUMBAI: With the code of conduct for civic polls expected to come into force in the next few days, the Congress-led Democratic Front government has begun taking populist measures.While chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has already approved a proposal to amend the development control (DC) norms to facilitate a relaxation in eligibility criteria for slumdwellers in new redevelopment projects, he is expected to grant final approval to a plan to increase affordable housing stock in the city. He is also likely to take steps to set the much-delayed Dharavi redevelopment plan in motion.The DC amendment in regard to slums recognizes a dweller's right to transfer the structure. While the existing practice is to rehabilitate the original occupant of a pre-1995 (January 1) slum structure, the modification will make new occupiers (those who settled after the cut-off date) of such slum structures eligible for rehabilitation upon payment of a transfer fee. The amendment seeks to restrict the eligibility criteria to a structure's existence before the cut-off date.The state administration will now seek suggestions and objections to the move. Officials said the new norm will not be applicable to those slum projects which have already received the Slum Redevelopment Authority (SRA)'s initial approval in the form of a Letter of Intent (LoI) to avoid legal trouble. A case related to slum norms is pending in the Supreme Court.The move will allow 15-20% more slumdwellers to seek rehabilitation in redevelopment schemes.The relaxation will also be applicable to redevelopment projects of \"vital importance\" like the Dharavi redevelopment plan (DRP) and Sahar airport modernization plan (where structures up to 2000 are eligible). Most of the slumdwellers are ineligible for rehabilitation under the existing norms.While the plan to relax eligibility criteria for slumdwellers was under consideration for a long time, the government's move to set it in motion just before the code of conduct is aimed at election gains, officials pointed out. The CM is also expected to approve another set of DC amendments to facilitate the DRP.Last week, the state cabinet approved a new Act to allow the formation of a housing regulator. This proposal, too, has been under consideration for a while.Another proposal that is likely to get final clearance is one which makes it mandatory for developers of plots measuring 2,000 sq m and above to build houses for the low- and middle-income groups on 20-25% portion of the plot. Mhada will purchase these houses at construction cost rates and allot them through lottery.It remains to be seen, said sources, if the government will declare its action plan for dilapidated buildings in the suburbs before the code of conduct comes into force.Legislators from neighbouring Thane, which will witness polls around the same time, are demanding regularization of illegal buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338358", "title": "Abida loved watching Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi", "text": "When we caught up with Pakistani singer Abida Parveen recently, she told me Delhi like home to her. \"Hanji Delhi toh sach mere ghar jasia hai.Each time I come to the city, my bond, especially of love, is strengthened. From the weather to the food available here, I love every bit. But this time, I might not have time to shop around. In fact, it is my daughter who does all the shopping for me,\" she said.While many think that Abida is always busy with her riyaaz, she told us she also loves watching the small screen. And is there any favorite show she loves watching? \"I remember watching \"Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' and I really adored Tulsi.I have watched the show and find it to be very interesting.\" And anything special for her fans she would like to say? \"I'm thankful to them for appreciating my work, If I have achieved anything in life, it has only been because of them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11334581", "title": "Briton charged with Bidve's murder, to appear before court", "text": "LONDON: A 20-year-old Briton has been charged with the murder of the Indian student Anuj Bidve, who was shot in the head in Salford on Boxing Day in an unprovoked incident.Kiaran Stapleton, from the Ordsall area, has been charged with the murder and will appear before the City of Manchester Magistrates' Court today, the police said, adding that the investigation was continuing.Bidve(23) was shot in the head at point-blank range as he walked with friends near their hotel in the inner-city Ordsall district of Greater Manchester in the early hours of December 26.A team of the Greater Manchester Police has travelled to Pune to meet the family of the victim, who was a postgraduate student of Microelectronics at Lancaster University. The 50,000 pounds reward is still on offer for information.Assistant Chief Constable Dawn Copley, told a news conference last evening: \"This remains a complex investigation and the fact we have charged someone does not mean the investigation is complete\".\"As such, we are still asking for the public to contact us with any information they may have and there remains a 50,000-pound reward outstanding. We know that the family are extremely distressed that Anuj's body has not been released to them,\" she said.The police, Copley added, was in close contact with the coroner who was \"anxious\" to release Anuj's body to his family at the earliest possible time.Bidve's family members are scheduled to arrive in Manchester this week to repatriate the body to India for final rites. The Indian High Commission is providing facilitation for the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11333828", "title": "Rain dampens New Year celebrations in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: All plans to welcome the New Year and that too on a bright Sunday came to a standstill as continuous rain forced people to stay indoors.\"We had planned to spend the day at Nawabganj bird sanctuary with my friends. In fact, we decided it well in advance,\" said Shraddha Srivastava who works with a rehabilitation society. All she could do with her friends was to sit and chat together eating peanuts.Richa Bhatnagar, an air hostess who had taken half-day off from her work was unhappy. \"Thanks to the rain god for showering continuous showers. I even could not meet any of my friends. As it was a Sunday, when it was an off day for my friends, we had decided to shop and eat at a restaurant . But everything ended sitting inside the home as there was waterlogging that added to the woes,\" she said.Event manager, Ashu Singh had great plans such as watching movie with friends, lunch and in the evening , a long drive, but nothing could work out. \"I could not even step out of the house till evening. And after that, there was traffic jam at all major places which further spoiled the New Year,\" said Ashu.And, as happens always, public transport was the first thing to go off the roads.The weather made it even more difficult for people. The UPSRTC city buses were the only ones running to ferry people, though in much reduced frequency.The auto-rickshaws that run on all possible routes of the city, were off the road.No wonder, January 1, which being a Sunday, should have seen people having fun, was just like an ordinary week day.The stretches like Mawaiyya were waterlogged, thus making it difficult for people from Alambagh to reach the other side of the city. Anticipating jam on the stretch, none of the public transport vehicles, barring the few city buses, were taking the route. The alternate routes like VIP Road had the heavy flow of vehicles due to this. Despite the fact that commuters were willing to shell out the extra bucks, it was the winter chill, which made auto-rickshaw drivers wind up early.Charbagh railway station and Alambagh bus stand, the two places had sparse crowd on the day. The foot-over-bridges was used by passers-by to take shelter from the showers. The rains did not only bring this. Power outages were common. Many of the localities in Krishnanagar and Aashiana area were without power in the evening. Water supply in the localities was also affected. The alternate routes like VIP Road had the heavy flow of vehicles due to this. Despite the fact that commuters were willing to shell out the extra bucks, it was the winter chill, which made auto-rickshaw drivers wind up early.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333182", "title": "State tourism to get a revamp", "text": "BANGALORE: The state tourism department will soon have an exhaustive masterplan to fall back on. Complete with a list of identified destinations, tourism opportunities, shortfalls specific to all 30 districts, the masterplan is meant to be a ready reference for the department on tourist hubs, once it gets compiled.The state tourism department entrusted the task of drawing up the masterplan to a private agency, which is now ready with its initial draft. Once the tourism bosses give their nod, the agency will prepare the final draft and submit it.It is only after the department is satisfied with the drawn-up final report that officials will start involving local stakeholders in the process of integrating them with the mainstream.\"We are looking at attracting more people to the state and the best way to do it would be to upgrade facilities at existing tourist sites and put in work to develop tourism-potential sites across the state,\" said K Viswanatha Reddy, director of the state department of tourism.Further, senior officials said the masterplan will serve the purpose of a ready reference for successive officials and help them in putting efforts in the right direction for future upgradation.Though the department was tight-lipped about the money likely to be used in upgrading existing structures and creating new infrastructure, it is expected to cost the department a few hundred crores.The state tourism department is currently working on upgrading infrastructure at Kemmanagundi and Nandi Hills. Apart from improving amenities, including accommodation, they are also working on construction of food courts and children's parks at these two areas. On the agenda is also to provide good signages at these two destinations, for which the state tourism department has called for tenders.\"Work will be taken up largely based on priority, which in turn is dependent on the popularity of the place as well,\" said Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338659", "title": "Narain turns villain", "text": "Veeraputhran sure did Narain good, although the P T Kunju Mohammad film based on freedom fighter Abdul Rahman Sahib was mired in controversies.The actor is now filming Mishkin's Mukhammoodi in which he plays the first villain role in his career. \"Veeraputhran came my way when my career was at a phase when it couldn't get worse. So I take the criticisms the film got in my stride,\" says Narain. \"However, the film did me a world of good and my role per se got good reviews. It sure is a good break and is a stepping stone in my career.\"Mukhammoodi has Narain playing Anguchamy, who is known in his circles as Dragon. The actor has been taking lessons in martial arts and has lost a few kilos to fit into the shoes of the handsome villain. \"I never thought I'll ever do a negative character in my life. And Anguchamy is a true blue villain! But when it's a Mishkin film, you know it's bound to be different and I said yes without any qualms.\"In Mollywood, the actor will next be seen rubbing shoulders with Mohanlal in a pivotal role in UTV's first Malayalam production, Grandmasters, to be directed by B Unnikrishnan.\"Although I've had offers in the past to work with Mohanlal, they never actually worked out. I'm happy that this time round, it's going to happen,'' says an excited Narain. The film is scheduled to start its shoot this month. And that's not all. There is Rafi-Mecartin's associate Fazal's next, where he'll share screen space with Prithviraj, a Shaji Kailas film and a Ranjan Pramod flick. Looks like time and tide are in his favour!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332723", "title": "On New Year city was unusually peaceful", "text": "PATNA: The city was unusually peaceful this new year, with not a single arrest being reported from anywhere on Saturday and Sunday.An official at Patna police control room told TOI, \"We have not received a single complaint of eve-teasing, theft, drunken driving, rash driving or any other serious crime on December 31 night.\"LM Sharma, DSP (law and order), said, \"In my Kotwali area, no incident has been reported. We have not arrested anyone here.\" He added, \"This year, New Year went quiet smoothly. City people are now changing and they understand that it is time to rejoice and not spoil the enjoyment.\"Mohita Ahuja, a student, said, \"I came back home at 1am and faced no untoward incident; the atmosphere in Patna has changed a lot now. We feel quiet safe even at midnight.\"Perhaps, bad weather played a key role in the incident-free celebration. Prateek Kumar, a student, said, \"Now, Lande (erstwhile city SP) is no more in the city to nab us; so we had made plans for bike racing and enjoying ride but wet roads have destroyed all our plans.\"Similar were the views of Shweta Shah, who works in a telecom company, \"It was my off today and I had lots of plans with my friends to enjoy the whole day, but due to rain we couldn't go anywhere. I am struck in the house and feel so bad about it.\"In spite of the fact that unexpected rain on New Year forced many to cancel their plans, most of the restaurants of the city were packed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333325", "title": "Now, visually challenged can also feel Ramayana", "text": "BANGALORE: The visually challenged will now get a peek into the Ramayana, thanks to a 17-year-old student who has made the epic available in Braille.Pranav Raghav Sood, a grade XI student of National Public School, Indiranagar, chose the great epic as it was not available to the visually challenged.\"I had visited the 'Abilities' school for blind when I was 12. I had accompanied my grandmother, who used to read out stuff to visually challenged kids. When we first went to the NGO, a visually challenged woman actually announced my grandmother's arrival even before she stepped into the room. She had apparently figured out things by hearing her footsteps. I realized that day that the visually challenged had a different understanding of the world and with a little help they could actually do wonders in everyday live,\" Pranav said.After having received encouragement from his family, this young boy took 120 days to type out C Rajagopalachari's Ramayana in English in MS Word format. Any text in this format can be directly programmed into Braille and this does not require any further editing.Kalyan Nagar-based Abilities, which assisted Pranav, said: \"The Ramayana is the most popular work and each one of us have to know about this great epic. We are so happy that this work will be now available to the visually challenged.\"Pranav's mother, Anju Sood, said: \"My son wanted to help the visually challenged children in writing exams. But as it did not work, he took up the project of making the Ramayana available to them in Braille. I hope his efforts will be emulated by other children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337846", "title": "Vishal in Bangkok", "text": "His Vedi might have been a damp squib but actor Vishal is sparring no expense to make his forthcoming Samaran, a super hit.The film has him pairing opposite Trisha for the first time in his career.Sunaina plays the second female lead in the film which also has National Award winner Prakash Raj in a crucial role. The film is being directed by Thiru who earlier worked with Vishal on Theeratha Vilayattu Pillai.We hear that the movie is about an unexpected event that happens in a common man's life and what he does to tackle all those obstacles that hinder his normal life. The first schedule of this action-thriller, which took place in Ooty and Chalakudy for 15 days, has been wrapped and included a fight sequence picturised in a grand manner by cinematographer Richard M Nathan, who was behind the visuals of Ko. , the cast and crew of the film are shooting the next schedule in Thailand and the shoot is expected to go on for 50 days non-stop. The last schedule of the shoot, which includes an action sequence, will be shot in scenic locations in Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11332903", "title": "Showers leave city waterlogged", "text": "KANPUR: The heavy rains on Sunday left many roads and lanes waterlogged and paralysed the movement of vehicles.Due to heavy rains, several localities virtually turned into islands. Though most of the people remained indoors but those who ventured out had to wade through the flooded streets. Several localities in south Kanpur like Kidwai Nagar, Govind Nagar, Barra, Dabauli, Ratanlal Nagar, Shankracharya Nagar, Naubasta, Basant Vihar and others remained waterlogged. Localities like VIP Road, Swaroop Nagar, Arya Nagar, Lajpat Nagar and Shivaji Nagar also experienced waterlogging.Condition of the roads in areas like Lal Bangla, Ramadevi, Jarib Chowki, Kalyanpur and adjoining areas was worse. Roads in these areas had become marshy and slippery. Commuters had to face tough time.The dug-up roads for JNNURM scheme further compounded the situation in areas like McRobertganj, Fazalganj, Kakadeo and Rawatpur. The residents of Chunniganj, McRobertganj, Gwaltoli and Sooterganj had to face difficulties in commuting as the entire road had become slippery. This locality had no road. Due to rainfall, the layer of mud had become marshy. At Ramadevi, the scene was similar. Areas like Gumti and Vijay Nagar were also waterlogged.The Mall road was not waterlogged. Areas of Parade, Chamanganj, Nai Sadak, Beconganj, Bakarganj and Babupurwa too turned slippery.At several places, the sewage water had merged with the rain water, leading to unhygienic and filthy conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11330924", "title": "Willy could be Trinamool Congress chief in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Hinting that he could be president of the Trinamool Congress which plans to start a unit in Goa soon, former chief minister Dr Wilfred de Souza said that the ruling UPA's second largest coalition partner could offer the best \"third front\" option to Goans in the next assembly elections.Speaking to TOI on Sunday, De Souza confirmed that he already met Trinamool Congress national president Mamata Banerjee in Kolkatta on December 26 to discuss the prospects of launching the party in Goa. De Souza said he is agreeable to heading the party in Goa, but the Trinamool Congress has to first set up the party here.The 85-year old politician who headed the Nationalist Congress party in Goa for 10 years till June 9, 2009, said, \"I don't see any problem in joining the party. With 19 MPs, it is the second largest party in the ruling UPA in Delhi. They have eight ministers in Delhi and through them, we can do something for the people of Goa. These small parties like the UGDP or the new party launched by Mickky (Pacheco) have no influence and cannot be third options for Goans.\"He clearly signaled that he was ready to jump into the electoral fray of March 2012. \"There are so many problems in Goa; the medium of instruction, the illegal mining issue, etc. People are coming to me and asking me what options they have. They neither want the corrupt Congress nor the communal BJP . But the Trinamool Congress has eight ministers in Dehli. They have railways, ports, health, tourism, urban development, information and publicity. They can benefit the people of Goa,\" De Souza said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11332134", "title": "Clearance sale makes residents go crazy", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents are having a gala time with winter season clearance sales on in various parts of the city from last few days.Hosiery goods manufacturers did not get buyers due to delayed winters and hence, they want to clear their stock as soon as possible. For residents, it has become a blessing in disguise because they are getting good discount on the purchase of winter wear.They have their hands full with so much of choice available in the market. There are few who always go shopping at this particular time when there is season-end clearance sales, as they believe it gives them a chance to get ample choice and good discounts as well.\"I was desperately waiting for the season clearance sales to open because it is the best time to buy cardigans, sweaters, coats and other woollen items. Moreover, the winter season has just set in and we would be needing woollens now,'' said Shivali Verma, a homemaker and resident of Chandigarh Road.Echoing the same, a school teacher and resident of Civil Lines, Snehlata Gupta said she purchased three cardigans for herself, two coats for her husband and two beautiful sweatshirts for his daughter in the sale going on at Pakhowal Road. She shared that variety in the sale was very good.President of Knitwear Club, Vinod Thapar said, \"This time, season clearance sale is double than the last year because buyers did not purchase woollens from us due to delayed winter. We suffered loss, so now everybody wants to clear the old stock as soon as possible.'' He added that though manufacturers suffered losses, retailers became successful in generating income, as they demanded discount from manufacturers and passed it on to customers as it is. He said this time, winter season was not as good as they had expected it to be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11330941", "title": "City awaits Centre\u2019s crime tracking system", "text": "NAGPUR: Don't get carried away by the bright red posters - highlighting the benefits of the central government's ambitious 'Crime and Criminal Tracking Network and System' (CCTNS)- spotted at Sadar police station, as the system might take another few months to materialize. Despite promises being made, slow progress has been seen in the development of the system, which started in 2008.However, officers claim that the remaining work would finish by early 2012. A senior officer said, the training phases are already underway and the work of data feeding and accumulation is going on at a steady pace punctuated by bureaucratic delays as and when confronted with red-tapism. The cop added that the government is contemplating to launch the system in-line by early 2012.The Rs 2000 crore IT-enabled project aims to connect around 14,000 police stations and another 9,000 offices of the senior officers in the country. The project would be a great leap towards modernization of police force.The system will digitalize all the records and criminal statistics across the country, and would be made available in one single link, hence making it citizen-friendly. Even the forensic and finger print records of each district in the country would be available in the system and any user from across the country may access them for reference in investigation.P Chidambaram, union home minister, in a speech delivered in 2009 and available on National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) website as mission statement, had said that the system would 'facilitate collection, storage, retrieval, analysis, transfer and sharing of data and information at the police station and between the police station and the state headquarters and the central police organizations'.A number of workshops and lectures on the project, by the ministry of home affairs, have already introduced the concept to the local officers.The idea was conceived in 2008 and the work began in 2009. The latest update on the NCRB website indicates that a meeting was held on November 21 earlier this year when the Central e-Mission Team (CeMT) under the chairmanship of K K Pathak, joint secretary (Centre State) discussed on the progress status of the project, set-ups and the BSNL connectivity.The progress report of each state, available in the NCRB website, indicates that Maharashtra has already set up 66 District Computer Training Centres (DCTC) and has spent around Rs 2.25 lakhs on each. The site has been created and other hardware systems have been distributed to each of the DCTCs by the office of the state director general of police in Mumbai. The state has now proposed the ministry of home affairs for sanctioning around 252 offices for infrastructure.A constable at the Sadar police station said, \"Already every police station is connected with both intranet and Internet and there are personnel trained in operating these systems. The introduction of the CCTNS would ease the load of manual work of data-entry and record creation. And, most importantly records would be just a click way.\" He added that government should expedite the process of launching it. \"The system would take care of manpower problems, unfilled posts and manual delays and inconsistencies,\" he said.CCTNS would also come in use for crime prevention and traffic management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11333053", "title": "CM promises a better tomorrow", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi's New Year gifts for the state not only held out promise for human beings, but also for animals. \"We should take care of wildlife too, along with humans. As human-elephant is taking serious turn in the state, my government is going to actively pursue a solution to the problem. We are going to do something to ensure the safety and security of elephants,\" Gogoi announced at his official residence atop Kainadhora Hill here on Sunday.The chief minister said a committee will be formed soon comprising experts from the state and other parts of the country to find solution to the increasing human-elephant conflict.Gogoi added elephants are increasingly entering into human settlements and damaging property because of depleting food supply in forests. \"The committee will also take care of ways to make food available for elephants along with ensuring their habitats are protected. The conflict is becoming serious because food availability is getting reduced and habitats are being destroyed,\" he said.The CM added the government will move ahead with the mitigation programme, based on suggestions by the committee. With the onset of the harvest season, several districts in the state are in the throes of acute human-elephant conflict. At least four persons were killed and several houses damaged by elephants in Nagaon district in the past two months. In Jorhat district too, recently many people were rendered homeless and cropland destroyed by elephants. Udalguri along the India-Bhutan border is also witnessing a spurt in man-animal conflict.On the human welfare front, the chief minister announced that Rs 5,000 crore will be mobilized by the state government to fund a number of welfare schemes for five years. He said the focus in 2012 will be on finding a solution to the erosion problem in the state and work for rehabilitation of people displaced by flood and erosion. Gogoi announced Rs 1,000 crore for rehabilitation of erosion-affected people.He said although the state has made substantial progress in the health sector, a lot needs to be done in some areas . \"Our focus in the health sector in 2012 will be on reducing infant and maternal mortality rates. We will fight malnutrition problem seriously,\" Gogoi said.Most of the welfare programmes of the last year will be continued in 2012 and the government has outlined initiatives for expanding them. He said the interest rate for crop loans for farmers would be reduced to 2% from 3% while tractors will be distributed at 50% subsidy.On fighting corruption, Gogoi said the Lokayukta would be strengthened and evaluation and monitoring committees would be formed in all departments for ensuring transparency. \"On top of the evaluation and monitoring committee in each department, there will be third party evaluation and monitoring for transparency,\" Gogoi added. Tribunals for dealing with land-grabbing cases and grievances of pensioners will be created, Gogoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331709", "title": "Sarojini Nagar parking closed for 3rd day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's first automated multilevel parking lot at Sarojini Nagar Market remained closed on Saturday and Sunday, triggering chaos in the area. New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) officials said the parking lot will be shut till a technical snag is rectified. New Year's Day was marked by jams in the area with tailbacks at the parking lot all through the day.The parking facility which has car lifts, pallets and computerized control systems witnessed a snag on Friday, barely a month after it was opened to the public. It was inaugurated on November 10 and became operational on December 1. NDMC spokesperson Amit Prasad said, \"The parking lot can be opened only when the technical problem is solved. A team of experts is on the task. We can confirm when the parking lot can be opened only after the issue has been addressed,\" he said.The facility came up on public-private partnership mode, involving NDMC and DLF, and required an investment of about Rs 80 crore. It can accommodate 824 vehicles. The charges are Rs 10 for the first two hours and Rs 10 per hour afterwards.\"We were at sea as we didn't know where to park our vehicle. The entire area was chock-a-block and the automated parking lot was also not open,\" said Ravi Mishra who spent a lot of time looking for parking space. Nitin Roy who had come with his family spent over an hour scouting around for parking. \"What is the point of having an automated parking lot if it is closed on days when there is great rush? People end up wasting a lot of time and get stressed out,\" he said.NDMC parking staff, however, said there are jams even when the parking lot is functioning due to lack of space. \"The automated parking lot can accommodate 824 cars, but the number of people visiting the market on a Sunday is much higher. In the Babu Market and G Avenue roads alone we issue around 2000 challans on a Sunday. If you count other roads in and Sarojini Nagar Market, the number will rise to 8000. So, the chaos is a given,\" said NDMC parking staff member Rahul Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11333118", "title": "India, Pak swap N-facilities list", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan on Sunday exchanged the list of nuclear installations and facilities covered under the two-decade pact called Agreement on the Prohibition of Attack against Nuclear Installations between India and Pakistan through diplomatic channels.The agreement, which was signed in 1988 and entered into force three years later, provides that the two countries inform each other of nuclear installations and facilities to be covered under the pact on the first of January of every calendar year. This was the 21st consecutive exchange of such lists between the two countries, the first one having taken place on January 1, 1992.This time though the exchange of lists comes a week after the two sides held a two-day expert-level meeting on conventional and nuclear Confidence Building Measures.With Pakistan's nuclear arsenal a matter of growing global concern, India had - at the expert-level meeting held in Islamabad December 26 and 27, 2011 - pressed Pakistan to enunciate its nuclear doctrine and asked it to join global efforts for concluding the Fissile Material Cut-off Treaty. India also did not show much enthusiasm for Pakistan's proposal for bilateral cooperation on nuclear safety and peaceful uses of nuclear energy saying that the two countries need to first establish trust between them. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11332962", "title": "Two sisters drown", "text": "THANE: Two sisters from Mankhurd, out to celebrate New Year's Eve with friends, drowned in the Khadavali river near Titwala on Saturday afternoon.Police identified the duo as Vaishali Dandage,17, and her sister Deepali, 15. Vaishali studied in a Mumbai college while Deepali was in school. Titwala police said they were swimming in the river, but drowned when they split from their friends and headed towards its deep end. Rajendra Naik, senior inspector of Titwala police station said, \"Cops along with local swimmers and fire brigade officials are searching for the bodies but they are yet to be found\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11333504", "title": "Centre yet to declare norms for BPL cutoffs", "text": "NEW DELHI: A provision in the proposed National Food Security Act may lead to the next House hurdle for Congress.The Centre has declared in the food security bill that the BPL Census (now called the Socio-Economic and Caste Census) would become the basis of identifying the beneficiaries at the village level. On the face of it, this seemed that the states, which conduct the survey, would be in complete control of the actual number of beneficiaries.But in reality, the Congress kept the control over the total numbers with the Centre. Besides having categories of those who get automatically included (about 10% of the population) or excluded (about 30% of the population), the BPL survey also has parameters to classify the rest. Depending upon how the Centre interprets these parameters, it could put a fix on the total number of beneficiaries. The results could be disparate ranging anywhere between 30% and 60% of the total population coverage under the food security bill.Even as the bill has been tabled, the survey is at various stages of completion in various states and the Centre is yet to declare what norms it would have for the cut-offs. With the states providing grains to numbers beyond the existing poverty line caps of the Plan panel the regional outfits would find it politically impossible to accept a binding limit lower than the existing numbers. Several states like Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Kerala run a wider spread PDS system than the targeted one the Centre prescribes by bearing an additional subsidy burden at their own cost.An attempt to curtail this exercise is bound to be a politically unacceptable idea to several regional outfits as Bihar and Tamil Nadu have announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11331728", "title": "Despite HC orders, TNPSC denies info to RTI applicant", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC), which is under a cloud over irregularities in recruitments over the past couple of months, has now extended its dubious streak of not being transparent enough. It has reportedly denied information to an RTI petition on the recruitment of assistant directors of the Town and Country Planning department despite two orders from the high court and two directions from the state information commission since 2008.R Shivakumar of Choolaimedu filed the petition under the right to information (RTI) Act in December 2008 seeking to find out if the 41 candidates found eligible by the TNPSC actually satisfied the requisite norms. \"After 30 years, TNPSC issued an advertisement on February 9, 2008 seeking applications for the post of Assistant Director of Town and Country Planning. It received about 326. After receiving the applications, the TNPSC asked the Directorate of Town and Country Planning to fix eligibilities for the post. I smelt something fishy and filed the petition,\" Shivakumar said.Shivakumar had asked for the names of the selected candidates, their qualifications, experience, date of birth and community. The Public Information Officer of the TNPSC said the information could not be provided as the selection process was not finalized. Then, in February 2008, Shivakumar appealed to the Appellate Authority in TNPSC which passed an order saying the information sought could not be furnished and cited provisions of Section 8 (1) (8) and 8 (1) (j) of the RTI Act.Shivakumar appealed to the Tamil Nadu Information Commission which ordered the TNPSC to furnish the information on September 10, 2009.\"Ten days after the commission issued the order, the TNPSC filed a writ petition in the Madras high court, seeking to quash it,\" Shivakumar said.In its petition, TNPSC said: \"Only a person who participated in the selection but did not get selected is entitled to know if those selected had the essential qualifications.\" Dismissing the petition, a single bench, led by justice V Ramasubramanian, asked the TNPSC to furnish the information in four weeks as per the order of the Tamil Nadu Information Commission.The bench said: \"The respondent may not be a candidate who participated in the selection, (but) it does not mean he cannot seek information about eligibility of persons selected to a post which is entrusted with statutory functions.\"The TNPSC appealed to a division bench on July 22, 2011. The bench dismissed the appeals and said: \"The TNPSC is amenable under RTI Act and is duty bound to furnish information under the Act.\" The TNPSC has still not furnished the information, Shivakumar said.Only a person who participated in the selection but did not get selected is entitled to know if those selected had the essential qualifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11333488", "title": "Sudden rain brings woes to farmers in eastern parts", "text": "JAIPUR: Farmers, who were expecting frost at the most for the Rabi crops, including vegetables and fruits, were affected after mild to moderate rainfall occurred in eastern parts of the state on Sunday. The farmers fear damage of the vegetable and fruit crop and the wholesale traders are expecting a price rise.Wide scale Rabi crop farming is done in eastern Rajasthan. Crops grown include mustard , wheat, barley and vegetables carrot, reddish , brinjal, tomato, etc. Many stations in this region received out of the blue rainfall ranging between 76 mm to 20 mm at many places including Bharatpur, Mahua, Nadbai, Vair and Sawai Madhopur.As per agriculture experts, the sudden rain has affected the Rabi crop and vegetables badly . Farmers said January ground frost works as a blessing for the crops, but rainfall at this time is definitely going to hit the farmers hard.Experts said for Sawai Madhopur, too, which has many guava farms, the rain will prove harmful. \"When the fruit crop remains in rain water and frost and does not get sunlight for 48 hours, the fruit will definitely be spoiled,\" an agricultural expert said. Farmers in Dausa, Sawai Madhopur and Bharatpur are expecting no more rain in the coming days but ground frost is likely in the morning.\"Ground frost is, of course, a good thing for the vegetables, fruits and Rabi crop. If the rain continues for the next couple of days, the crop would be ruined,\" said Ramji Lal Gujjar, a farmer based in Mahua at Bharatpur.Arrival of guava and other fruits like banana on Monday would decide the wholesale prices. \"We are getting 100 to 200 quintals of guava from Sawai Madhopur. Let's see if the Sunday rain affects the production. Rains have definitely affected vegetables including pepper , tomato, reddish and carrots,\" said a wholesale dealer of Mohana Mandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11331141", "title": "What\u2019s in the name, asks police commissioner?", "text": "NAGPUR: Being a top cop is not easy. Ask the present police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, whose name is ridiculed for every piece of bad news in the world of crime.Dhanvijay may not have expressed his irritation publicly, particularly for all the pun and fun at the expense of his name every time someone wants to comment on the city's crime graph, but it must have left him annoyed to no extent.Getting brickbats may be nothing new for CPs, but being ridiculed for your name in public has been reserved for Dhanvijay. From politicians to the press, it has become common to link the CP's first name 'Ankush' with police control over crime while the surname 'Dhanvijay' is usually linked to nefarious amassing of wealth.Leader of opposition in state assembly Eknath Khadse targeted the CP in similar fashion in the recently concluded Winter Assembly. Ironically stating that the CP's name was 'changla' (nice), Khadse said the top cop had no 'ankush' on criminals in Nagpur. He went on to target the government, by sarcastically asking whether the police force was maintained in the state to amass 'dhan' or wealth.While home minister RR Patil hooked the Khadse bouncer with some crime statistics, Dhanvijay himself ducked it, stating that he believes in action and has been proving his worth.Earlier, a Marathi scribe too had taken a dig at the CP with the headline 'Chorancha 'Dhan vijay', gunhegar nir'ankush' (thieves amassing wealth, criminals are uncontrolled).Even TOI had once mentioned Dhanvijay must be 'nakhush', punning with his first name, to describe how aggrieved he may be with his luck after cases of murders shot up in the city.Though not publicly ridiculed, even Dhanvijay's predecessor Pravin Dixit's name triggered some comments. Though his first name 'Pravin' may mean someone who is skilled or expert, he was criticized for following the principle of preferring youths rather than seniors when it came to handing over reigns of police stations. \"Pravin saab ne toh saare police thaane 'Navin' inspectors ko de diye, (Pravin Sir, gave all the police stations to young inspectors),\" said a seasoned police inspector. Dixit had posted several newly promoted and young PIs as senior in-charges of police stations, and the strategy had worked.Even the full form of another former CP SPS Yadav was connected to his personality, work and image. Shiv Pratap Singh Yadav was religious to the core.Yadav, a strong administrator, was also known for his temperament and towering personality, reminding most juniors of the God of destruction, Lord 'Shiva', which incidentally was also part of his name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11331703", "title": "State plans to enter Guinness Book with surya namaskar", "text": "INDORE: In its bid to highlight the importance of yoga, Madhya Pradesh has decided to present its mass Surya Namaskar exercise on a global platform in what can be termed as the largest aerobic demonstration in a bid to enter the Guinness Book of World Record.The state is gearing up to create world record for the largest aerobics demonstration (multi location) for the mass Surya Namaskar, which will be observed on Vivekananda Jayanti falling on January 12 across the state. The registration process for it has already been completed with the Guinness Book of World Records in this connection.It is to be noted that at present the record for the largest aerobics demonstration is in the account of Kazhakistan's multi-location aerobic exercise in which as many as 48, 45,098 people had participated. If Madhya Pradesh has to break this record, it has to surpass this number in the scheduled Surya Namaskar.The department of school education has issued guidelines to all the joint directors of school education and district education officers in this regard.Accordingly, the school education department has instructed all the district education officers and principal of higher secondary school to appoint a nodal officer for the mass Surya Namaskar.In the statement issued by the state government, it has been said that the move is aimed to make yoga and Surya Namaskar popular in the international front.Also, the department has informed the district education officers about the guidelines, issued by it. The state government will have to claim for the fame later. As per the guidelines, the activity which will be registered as a record, should be performed in a restricted area. It also permits that one assistant could be employed for per 100 participants. Every location should at least have 25 participants; at least 10 locations should essentially be there where these demonstrations would be performed.The Guinness Book of Records has also issued instructions for counting the participants and recording other evidences. It has instructed that video-recording of the entire demonstrations should be made mandatory.At the same time, the witnesses and other such evidences which are sought by the Guinness Book of Records should also be provided.The state is gearing up to create world record for the largest aerobics demonstration for the mass Surya Namaskar, which will be observed on January 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338304", "title": "Shah Rukh makes a comeback!", "text": "After the success of 'Don 2', SRK is back in the reckoning. The actor couldn't be more pleased.If trade figures of Don 2 are anything to go by, then Shah Rukh Khan indeed has one more success story to tell. The Farhan Akhtar directed flick has earned as much as Rs. 95 crores and is expected to do more business in the coming days.With no other major movie releasing along side Don 2, SRK seems to have been assured of a great New Year. Even now there are just two big movies - Players and Agneepath - set to hit the screens soon. However, Don 2, it seems has stood its own and will run in theatres for a while longer.With the encouraging figures, Don 3 has already been announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331810", "title": "Government misses number plate deadline", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government starts the new year on a dubious note - it has missed the December 31, 2011 deadline set by the Supreme Court for implementation of the high-security registration plate (HSRP) scheme. Last-minute decisions regarding the scheme had held up the announcement for notification of the high security plates, said highly placed sources in the government. A final decision will be taken in the first week of January, added sources.\"There are several issues which need to be sorted out before the notification can be announced. This includes the engagement of a sub-contractor by the agency which had been entrusted by the government to implement the scheme,\" said a senior government official. Incidentally, the SC had recommended a single-vendor process for the HSRP. The government had sent the proposal to the law department for a way to save the project and a meeting would be held on Monday to discuss the issue further, said sources.\"The court order is being scrutinized by the law department. The single-vendor clause may prove to be an obstacle as the present proposal is not along these lines,\" added the official.The agency, DIMTS, hired for the project has hired a sub-contractor to procure the high security registration plates, said officials. \"According to the current proposal, the plates will be procured by DIMTS through another vendor though embossing will be done by the agency itself,\" the official said. DIMTS will also undertake to fit the plates to the vehicles at the centers identified by the transport department. Issues concerning demands by DIMTS for more infrastructure, is another topic of contention.HSRPs are tamper-proof and meant to aid agencies in tracing vehicles involved in crimes. While DIMTS is asking the government to pay Rs 100 per plate for the embossing, the vendor will charge between Rs 80 (for two wheelers) and Rs 230 (for four wheelers). A service tax will be also levied at the rate of 12%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337777", "title": "Kamal's guru passes away", "text": "Eminent Bharatanatyam guru K J Sarasa, who has taught the art form for stars like the present Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa , Kamal Haasan, Shobana, Swarnamalya and choreographer Raghuram passed away in Chennai this morning.The danseuse had suffered a heart attack and was admitted to Malar Hospitals in the city. She was 72 years old.Sarasa is the mother-in-law of one of Kollywood's leading director - Venkat Prabhu. She had adopted Rajalakshmi, her sister's daughter, who is now married to Venkat Prabhu.The last rites for the danseuse is expected to be performed on January 4 at Besant Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337571", "title": "Westlife stopped being 'special'", "text": "Westlife decided to split because it \"wasn't special any more\".The 'Flying Without Wings' hitmakers are set to split after 14 years when they complete a final farewell tour this summer and while they are upset about going their separate ways, they think it was the right thing to do.Shane Filan said: \"It felt like it wasn't special any more, not like it used to be. For the fans it's slightly different but for us it's been like, 'Are we getting better? Are we getting worse? Are we getting to the stage where we aren't enjoying it?' It is half our life.\"None of us want to let it go and all of us will be crying come June [when the tour ends], but it's time.\"Nicky Byrne added: \"We never wanted to fall down and just be one of those bands that released records all the time, which we felt we were starting to do. And it felt like, 'You know what, lads? We're OK - we've done a lot!'\"The group admit they have been ready to split for some time and have enjoyed their recent trip to Asia much more because they were relaxed knowing they were about to announce they are going their separate ways.Kian Egan said: \"I shouldn't say it but before we went on tour to Asia, we knew what was going to happen. We knew it was our last tour in Asia and when we came back we were going to release the news, so Asia's probably the best trip we've had in years!\"It was like going away with your four mates on the p**s. It was a fairytale moment.\"Shane added: \"It's probably been brewing for a good year, as we knew we were coming to the 'Greatest Hits' album and the end of our contracts. We'd all been sitting down and talking about the pressure and the stress of trying to make the record and get it right.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11333552", "title": "Locals celebrate as New Year ushers in amid showers", "text": "VARANASI: The city erupted with joy as people started celebrating the arrival of New Year at the stroke of midnight on Saturday. The celebration continued till Sunday evening in the city.The incessant rainfall throughout the day, however, dampened the spirit of denizens who had planned to go for outings at golden sand dunes on the banks of Ganga facing the world famous ghats. While glittering fireworks and late night parties set the tone for New Year celebrations at hotels , restaurants and clubs, the celebrations on Sunday were mostly restricted to indoors, as intermittent rainfall foiled the plans for outdoor celebrations.The overcast, dark and wet conditions prevailing since early morning also spoiled the glimpses of Subah-e-Banaras, thus disappointing the visitors including foreign tourists who had thronged the ghats in the city. However, some enthusiastic youths did not resist the temptation of visiting the sand dunes and braved adverse weather conditions to enjoy boating in the Ganga to mark the start of New Year. Some of them even dared to visit outskirts especially the waterfalls including Lakhania Dari, Windham Fall (Mirzapur), along with Deodari and Rajdari in the neighbouringChandauli district. Earlier, the hotels, restaurants, clubs and hostels of various universities witnessed late night parties and celebrations to welcome the New Year. While foot tapping numbers kept the people in high spirits, the celebrations peaked at the stroke of midnight as the clock struck at 12. The sound of fireworks could be heard across the city. People exchanged good wishes to welcome the New Year. Special decorations were seen at hotels, clubs (including Benaras Club) and restaurants as musical theme was set to bid farewell to 2011 and welcome the arrival of 2012. People also came out of the houses in residential localities in Sigra, Mahmoorganj and Lanka to bust crackers and exchange good wishes in the night.People exchanged greeting cards and roses, and also thronged temples including Kashi Vishwanath Temple, Kal Bhairav and Sankat Mochan Temple in the early morning hours on Sunday. Special prayers were also performed by devotees at the temples to mark auspicious start of New Year. Special prayers were also offered at St. Mary's Cathedral, Red Church (Cantonment), St. Paul Church (Sigra) and St. Thomas Church (Gadaulia) for the wellbeing and prosperity of people in the New Year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11333120", "title": "Asma quits as Haqqani lawyer in memo case", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Leading Pakistani lawyer Asma Jahangir on Sunday quit as counsel for former envoy to the US, Husain Haqqani, in legal proceedings related to the memo scandal, saying she had \"no confidence\" in the commission formed by the supreme court to probe the matter.Jahangir, one of Pakistan's leading rights activist, said she had asked Haqqani to engage another lawyer to represent him in the apex court and the court-appointed commission that has been asked to conduct an inquiry into the alleged memo that sought US help to prevent a feared military coup in Pakistan in May.Jahangir alleged the judges of the supreme court were acting \"under the influence of the (security) establishment\".She said, \"And if nine judges of the supreme court can be (under their influence), then I am sorry to say I cannot have any expectations from high court judges, who are under (the apex court judges).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338945", "title": "Dhoni wrapped up", "text": "Actor-producer Prakash Raj has wrapped up his maiden directorial venture in Tamil, titled Dhoni. The last leg of shooting for the film was held in Hyderabad.\"Filming climax of Dhoni in Hyderabad. It's a joy to make a film,\" Prakash Raj tweeted, \"Post production of Dhoni is on. Lovely to see a film forming... Happy to see it shaping.... I'm sure you all will see a quality film.\"And now, the actor is sitting with Ilayaraaja for the final composing. He tweeted, \"My day begins with the master.... Ilayaraaja starts the background score of Dhoni, which is releasing in February.\"Dhoni, also starring Mugdha Godse and Thalaivasal Vijay, is about children and the kind of pressure they face in today's competitive world.Interestingly, Prakash's previous production, Abhiyum Naanum, was about the beautiful relationship between a father and his daughter. He has also produced Inidhu Inidhu, which was about a bunch of college friends and their friendship!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332729", "title": "Nitish pays homage to his mother", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar, along with members of his family, on Sunday paid homage to his mother Parmeshwari Devi on the campus of Kaviraj Ramlakhan Singh Smriti Vatika, constructed in the memory of his father at his native village Kalyan Bigaha, and also planted sapling of mango on the campus that would yield four types of mango fruits.The CM garlanded the statue of his mother, his father Kaviraj Ramlakhan Singh and wife Manju Sinha. The occasion was the first death anniversary of his mother. Among those who garlanded the statue of Parmeshwari Devi were his family members -- elder brother Satish Kumar , son Nishant Kumar, sisters Usha Devi, Prabha Devi, Indu Devi, and several others belonging to his extended family.Nitish was accompanied by MP Ramchandra Prasad Singh, food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak, MLAs Sunil Kumar and Usha Sinha, Waqf Board chairman Irshadullah, MLCs Sanjay Kumar Singh and Shiv Prasanna Yadav, and CM's friend Uday Kant Mishra, among several others. They also garlanded the statues concerned. Patna DM Sanjay Kumar, SSP Alok Kumar, Nalanda SP Sanjay Agrawal and SP Jitendra Rana, along with several eminent people, were also present on the occasion.Interestingly, the mango sapling planted, once it grows into a full-grown tree, would yield 'amrapali', 'jardalu', 'maldah' and 'sipiya' variety of the fruit. This variety of mango sapling, if planted by farmers, would prove to be highly beneficial for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337401", "title": "Shreyas Talpade now becomes the prankster", "text": "A friend of the actor revealed, \"It is well known that Ajay loves to play pranks on the sets. Having worked with him, the Marathi mulga has become quite an expert himself.\"Apparently, he could not resist the urge to pull a fast one on his building watchmen. \"He was shooting in a Nawabi outfit donning a moustache and the trademark nawabi topi and had not bothered to change his costume once the shoot was over. He returned home in the same attire and decided to play a prank on the watchmen of his building.\"The actor told the security personnel that he had traveled all the way from Hyderabad to meet Shreyas Talpade and that he had also spoken to the actor over the phone and taken an appointment to meet him. \"The security guards did not permit him to step inside the gates and the drama continued for 30 minutes. Amidst the bickering, Shreyas's false moustache gave away. On recognising him, the watchmen apologised profusely. But he could do nothing but laugh over hthe entire episode\", says the friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332653", "title": "IRCTC to conduct Goa tour", "text": "PATNA: The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has decided to conduct a tour package for Goa from January 7. The tour package will include seven nights stay in Goa for tourists. The IRCTC has fixed Rs 10,600 per person for this tour package.According to an IRCTC official, the IRCTC will start booking tickets soon for this tour which will continue till February 25, 2012. The IRCTC has decided to take off for the tour on different dates that is January 7, 14, 21 and 28 and February 11, 18 and 25, 2012, from Delhi for the convenience of tourists.The booking can be made online or by directly contacting the IRCTC offices, located in the state capital or in Delhi, on phone, he said, adding the IRCTC has decided to ensure at least four days stay near Colva Beach in Goa.Trains rescheduled: The railways on Sunday rescheduled departure of Magadh Express (12401) at 8.30 pm from Islampur while Jansadharan Express (12387) was rescheduled at 4 pm from Patna Junction. Jayanagar-Amristsar Express (14649) was rescheduled at 9.35 pm from Jayanagar and Muzaffarpur-Bandra Express (19040) was rescheduled at 6.55 pm from Muzaffarpur, said ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11332581", "title": "Security beefed up ahead of Pravasi meet", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police on Monday searched hotels, inns and restaurants ahead of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD) to be held in the city from January 7.They also launched a campaign against illegal arms. A man was arrested on Monday for carrying an illegal gun.Police had asked the hotell owners to remain extra vigilant during the event and inform them if they come across any suspicious activities. Commissioner of police B L Soni, said Section 144 of IPC has been imposed in the city.Hotel and guesthouse owners have been directed to keep the identification records such as telephone numbers, and vehicle licence numbers of each tourist and customer staying with them for at least two days. He added that those found flouting the orders will be punishable under Section 188 of IPC.\"A terrorist or any anti-social element can create law and order problem during the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas. All police officers have been asked to remain extra vigilant about the guests staying at the hotels and other such places,\" Soni added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11332919", "title": "City gets Saturday night fever by the bay", "text": "A Saturday to party and Sunday to sleep the hangover away was 2011's parting gift, and Mumbaikars partied hard, crowding the usual hotspots with a vengeance.Lakhs of people were out on the roads to usher in the New Year on Saturday but an increased police force, with a majority deployed for patrolling, ensured that the night passed without any major incidents. \"We were prepared for a big crowd this year and planned accordingly. When people saw the tight security arrangements, they too felt confident to be out till late at night,\" said a senior Mumbai cop.Popular south Mumbai destinations were again the crowd favourites this year. More than a lakh people decided to spend some part of the night at the Gateway of India. \"Because of the weekend we saw a much bigger crowd at the Gateway than usual. Many families stayed here till 1-1.30am,\" said Vinod Sawant, senior inspector, c.The headcount for Marine Drive also stood at about 1.5 lakh for the night, and people kept coming in till 5am. Many who were passing by to other parts of the city also made brief stopovers to take in the view on New Year's Eve. With about 1,000 cops deployed altogether at both these spots, police were able to ensure the celebrations passed peacefully despite the unprecedented crowds.But the charm of beaches dimmed for revelers as police enforced the no-alcoholin-public policy rather strictly. The numbers were lukewarm at best and consisted mostly of families with young children. Girgaum Chowpatty saw 5,000 people through the night and the crowd winded up by 12-12.30am. It was a similar scene at Juhu beach where estimates put the strength at about 6,000 people. \"There is a definite dip in numbers compared to past years. We didn't allow people to bring alcohol or burn firecrackers. After we rounded up a few youngsters who tried to sneak in booze, a strong message went out to the rest. So many people decided to ditch the beaches for hotels and pubs,\" said Arun Bhagat, senior police inspector of Juhu police station.Aksa beach, a popular party destination through the year, wore a completely deserted look as police decided to deny entry to the public after 8pm. \"The beach tends to attract a lot of youngsters, most of them in high spirits, on 31st night. Since the water can be dangerous and we did not want any drowning incidents, we didn't allow people to party there,\" said Abdul Rauf Sheikh, senior police inspector of Malwani police station.In Thane, celebrations at the popular Yeoor forest were highly regulated and hotels shut business at 11pm, under orders from the police and forest officials. A private club and some swank restaurants near the forest too did not attract many revelers due to the 11pm party deadline. A huge posse of policemen kept surveillance at the entry points of Yeoor forests and would allow families to drive up the winding road only if they agreed to subscribe to the 11pm deadline for returning back. \"Not more than 500 people could have come to Yeoor due to the time restrictions. We would inform our guests that they would have to vacate the hotel by 11pm after which they would not be allowed to exit from the Yeoor forests. The police were running a thorough check of all vehicles entering Yeoor and informed them of the 11pm deadline which prevented any untoward incident,'' said Prasad Kolambkar, proprietor of a restaurant near the forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11332940", "title": "Mumbai sobers up at the wheel", "text": "MUMBAI: Fewer Mumbaikars decided to drink and drive when bidding goodbye to 2011 than when ringing it in. Besides, there were no drunk-driving related mishaps.Traffic police squads prosecuted 739 offenders between Saturday night and early Sunday morning at 75 locations, but offenders last year were a shameful 860, said officials. Police also recorded 597 other violations like signal jumping, speeding, not wearing seat-belts and helmets, talking on the phone while driving etc.\"Not a single fatal accident or injury due to drunk driving was reported this time,\" additional commissioner Brijesh Singh said. \"Pub and bar owners took cognizance of our directive that drunk patrons should not be allowed to take the wheel, this made a lot of difference.\"The traffic police crackdown began at 10pm and ended at 5am. Most cases of drunk driving were recorded at Malad division (52), followed by Vikhroli division (48), while the least were recorded at Colaba division (11). The traffic cops were assisted by men in khaki from local police stations across the city. Besides nakabandis, traffic policemen also used CCTVs installed at nearly 100 important junctions to monitor movement of vehicles and look out for offenders.Squads of traffic policemen focussed on hotspots like the Gateway of India, Marine Drive, Juhu Chowpatty and Powai lake. \"Drunk driving cases peaked between midnight to 1am (172) and 1-2am (110), while the least were recorded in the first hour of the drive (67),\" the official said. This is the first time the cops maintained an hour-wise record of the drive. Data compiled region-wise indicated maximum cases in the east (241) and the least in the south (83).The dip in offenders could be due to awareness initiatives before the big party. Posters and banners at key junctions, slide shows in colleges, malls, movie halls, etc were used to warn motorists days in advance.Meanwhile, minister of state (home) Satej Patil paid a surprise visit to the traffic control room at Worli during the drive. \"The minister was at the control room for a few hours. He observed that there was much less traffic on the roads this New Year's Eve compared to every year,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11333803", "title": "Tender process for Dasara exhibition to start early", "text": "MYSORE: In coming years the tender process for Dasara Exhibition and Summer Camp will begin five months prior to the start of the events, according to BP Manjunath, chairman, Karnataka Exhibition Authority. Speaking to media persons here on Saturday he said that the preparations for Summer Camp and Dasara Exhibition would start from January and March respectively.\"The decision in this regard was taken in the administrative board meeting held in Bangalore a few days back. Apart from this, to maintain transparency, we have decided to go for e-tenders for all types of works which are undertaken at the exhibition,\"he added.During the 89-day dasara exhibition which concluded on December 25, KEA collected Rs 2.18 crore, which is Rs 23 lakh more than the previous year. Over four lakh people visited the exhibition during the season, he said.Manjunath also criticized district in-charge minister SA Ramdas for his reported statement that former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa should come clean of all allegations if he wants to become the chief minister again.\"Ramdas despite being in the party for the past 18 years, has not learnt its ideology. He has behaved as if he is above the party's national president Nitin Gadkari. There is a core committee in the state to take decisions on Yeddyurappa,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332774", "title": "Writers bag award", "text": "PATNA: Eminent poet and lyricist Chandra Bhanu Singh and acclaimed poet, essayist, translator and editor Ram Lochan Thakur have been declared joint recipients of the 9th Prabodh Sahitya Samman for 2012.A decision to this effect was taken by a seven-member jury headed by litterateur and pro-VC of Vishwa Bharti Udaya Narayan Singh. The award carrying a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh and a memento is awarded annually for life-long contribution to Maithili language and literature.The award ceremony will be held at Mahajati Sadan, Kolkata, on February 12, 2012. Chandra Bhanu hails from Nadiami village in Darbhanga district while Thakur hails from village Pali Mohan in Madhubani district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "honolulu/tehran", "code": "11333094", "title": "Tensions rise: US imposes new curbs", "text": "HONOLULU/TEHRAN: US president Barack Obama signed new sanctions against Iran into law on Saturday, shortly after Iran signaled it was ready for fresh talks with the West on its nuclear programme and said it had delayed long-range missile tests in the Gulf.Tensions between Iran and the West have grown since EU leaders said they wanted to set tougher sanctions against Tehran by the end of next month in a bid to force it to curb a research programme that they suspect is developing nuclear weapons.In the absence of a fresh mandate from the UNSC, which has already imposed four rounds of global sanctions , Washington has also stepped up the pressure with sanctions on financial institutions that deal with Iran's central bank.Reacting to the tough new actions against Iran's central bank and financial sector, a top Iranian official termed the move \"unjustifiable\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11333426", "title": "285 HC positions vacant as CJs fail to give proposals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government said that vacancies in high courts across the country were because it was not getting \"sufficient proposals\" despite periodic reminders to the chief justices.Though over 40 lakh cases were pending before various HCs, 285 posts are lying vacant in higher judiciary accounting for 31% of the sanctioned strength of 895 judges.The Allahabad high court has a sanctioned strength of 160 judges as on September 1, but only 61 posts are occupied, which is only 38% of the strength.In an RTI response to activist Subhash Agrawal, the law ministry said according to the Supreme Court judgment dated October 6, 1993, the entire process of initiation of proposal for appointment of a judge of the SC and the chief justice of HCs rests with the Chief Justice of India, and appointment of a HC judge with the chief justice concerned.\"The main reason for the large number of vacant posts is that the government has not received sufficient proposals. The government is periodically reminding the chief justices of high courts to initiate proposals in time for filling up the existing vacancies as well as the vacancies anticipated in next six months in the high courts,\" the ministry said.Law minister Veerappa Moily had said last year that over 9.5 lakh cases are pending before the Allahabad HC.The Punjab and Haryana HCs is also facing shortage of judges as there are only 43 judges against the sanctioned strength of 68, while 25 positions are lying vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11332404", "title": "\u2018Use seized silver from mutt for Jagannath temple development\u2019", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Some civil society activists in Puri have demanded the silver ingots recovered from Emar Mutt be used for development purpose of the Jagannath temple. At present, the 522 silver slabs worth nearly Rs 90 crore are lying in the custody of Puri district armoury following an Orissa high court directive.Jagannath Sena activists on Sunday took out a unique rally in Puri where they created some fake silver slabs and transported the metals on a cycle trolley on Grand Road, as a mark of protest. \"Instead of keeping the silver idle in police armoury, the government should use the valuable metal in the development of the Jagannath temple,\" a Sena activist said.Police on May 7, 2011 had shifted the silver ingots from Emar Mutt premises to the armoury following the court order. The 700-year-old Emar mutt, facing 12th century Jagannath temple, had hogged headlines after police, while probing a burglary stumbled upon the 18 tonnes of ancient silver bricks at the religious institution on February 26. A number of people, including the Mutt's seer Rajagopal Ramanuj Das were arrested for allegedly siphoning of some treasures of the mutt to outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11333117", "title": "Show more sincerity for dialogue, CM tells anti-dam groups", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has asked the anti-dam groups of the state to demonstrate more sincerity for holding talks with the government.The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) and four other organizations had lifted their indefinite blockade in last two days in Lakhimpur district as a gesture for holding talks with the government. The anti-dam groups were on an indefinite road blockade in the district against the 2000 MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project.But the chief minister responded to the gesture by saying that withdrawal of the demonstration for a couple of days does not show the sincerity for holding talks with the government.\"Mere suspension of agitation for couple of days does not show that you (anti-dam groups) are sincere for talks with the government. We are ready to hold a dialogue with them, but they should demonstrate their sincerity by not frequently resorting to blockades,\" Gogoi told reporters here on Sunday.The chief minister said the group of ministers (GoM) on the dam issue would hold a meeting very soon to chalk out how to move ahead for holding a dialogue with the anti-dam groups.\"We are interested in having discussion with the groups. That is why we have formed the group of ministers. But there should be flexibility and sincerity on the parts of the anti-dam groups,\" Gogoi explained.Emphasizing that the state government might go to the extent of formulating a legislation for mitigating the downstream impact of the Lower Subansiri project, Gogoi made it clear that his government would only go by the expert committee reports.\"We will go by the expert committee reports on the Lower Subansiri project. We are going to take all care to compensate and mitigate the project's impact on the downstream areas. If necessary, we will bring in a legislation for compensation of the people affected. We will not hesitate to compensate the affected people even to the extent of three times of their loss,\" Gogoi said.On Saturday, Gogoi said his government was not contemplating a ban on organizations like the KMSS and the anti-dam groups as their movements are democratic and non-violent. Gogoi's remark holds significance in light of the fact that recently he had said Maoist elements are involved in the anti-dam stir spearheaded by the KMSS. Arunachal Pradesh MP Takam Sanjay also claimed that Maoists were involved in the present anti-dam stir and demanded the Centre ban the KMSS. But Sanjay's remarks were condemned by the KMSS and Arunachal Pradesh organizations like Siang People's Forum.The chief minister on Sunday reiterated that though his government was committed to protect the democratic rights of protest by various civil society groups, frequent agitations and strikes were affecting development of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330856", "title": "14-year-old student commits suicide in toilet", "text": "PUNE: A 14 year-old-student committed suicide by hanging at the residence of his uncle at Samarthnagar society in Bibvewadi on Sunday.The Sahakarnagar police said the victim was a student of standard eight of the Shivaji Maratha high school in Shukrawar Peth.The police said the victim was staying with his uncle Maruti Dhumre for the purpose of pursuing his studies, after the death of his father a few years ago. His mother lives in Market Yard.According to the police, around 11.30 am, the victim had gone to toilet, but he did not come out after as considerable time had passed.The police said Dhumre, who did not find the victim in the room, knocked the toilet door, but received no responses even after repeated attempts. Dhumre then broke open the toilet door and found the victim hanging from the hook on the ceiling.The body of the victim was moved to the Sassoon general hospital, where he was proclaimed dead on arrival by the doctors.The victim used a dupatta for committing suicide.The victim did not leave any suicide note behind.The police have registered a complaint of accidental death and are conducting investigations to find out why the victim took the extreme step to end his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333165", "title": "Welcome the New Year newborns", "text": "BANGALORE: The 1/1 baby is always special: though babies are born every day, to be born on the first day of the year makes the little one somehow different. The city saw several bouncing babies come into the world on a pleasant New Year morning.At Vani Vilas Government Hospital alone, 21 babies were born through normal deliveries, while another six mothers had C-section deliveries. The first baby here was a girl, born at 12.28am. At Cloudnine, a private hospital, six girls were born between midnight and 10.30am. While three babies were delivered normally, the other three were delivered via C-section.At Gunasheela Surgical and Maternity Hospital, male twins were born around 1.30am.\"Mothers, however, had not planned to deliver their babies on the first day of the year,\" said Dr Devika Gunasheela of the hospital.\"We are very happy to welcome our child on the very first day of the year. With our little princess, we are confident it will be a super year for us,\" said an elated Krishna Prasad, whose wife gave birth to a baby girl around 9am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11331432", "title": "Ashok Chakradhar mocks at TRP-driven wit on TV", "text": "BHOPAL: Renowned satirical Hindi poet, Ashok Chakradhar, sees wit when others speak sanely in everyday situations but even for this humourist - he does not see humour in the prefabricated laughter shows on television today.Chakradhar was in the city, live anchoring, a kavi sammelan organised by Doordarshan Kendra, Bhopal.Hosting events comes naturally to this multi-talented personality, whose association with Bhopal goes back 35 years.\"It was at a location in Hamidia road when I first hosted a kavi sammelan in the city. Since then, I have come here often,\" said Chakradhar controlling his emotions, but the somewhere the from within tantalising gave in. \"It was some seven years back at the Lal Parade ground, that life of a poet changed forever,\" said Chakradhar, hinting at a spat between Urdu poets Basheer Badr and Munnawar Rana.Delighted to be back in the city, Chakradhar said that aesthetic sense and contemporary relevance of humour as important today as it was during the time of Birbal. \"I belong to a school of thought that believes in wit. The TRPs driven believe in a school of thought which relies on copying jokes and ideas that often undermine our value system.\"\" Charlie Chaplin , Raj Kapoor were greats and in their melancholy and pathos you can find the humour of life,\" said Chakradhar.Chakradhar, a household name since he first auditioned for radio in Mathura in 1967, said that the public broadcast content needs pace. \"In the age of plasma television and HDTV the programme packing has to catch up. It has the content but the medium is visual,\" he added. While he settled in to the stage, he exclaimed \"I'm sorry I would not be able to add you to my friend list.\"He let the figure of speech settle in and added, \"I have more than 5,000 friends and that's the maximum a person can add on Facebook. If you want to follow me, you could tweet me too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "11331737", "title": "Picnickers prefer to stay indoors", "text": "SINDRI: New Year and Sunday usually can be a heady mix for enjoyment and outing. But majority of the picnickers had to remain indoors on Sunday. Thanks to the inclement weather, picnic spots in and around Sindri wore a deserted look. Areas that usually remained thronged with merrymakers were waiting for visitors.Mild drizzles marked the beginning of the year which is probably the most awaited year. Prediction of end of the world has made 2012 a especial year and on the eve of the New Year no one seemed to be ready to miss a chance of merrymaking. But misty morning added to their dismay and agony.However, some over-enthusiastic revellers do came out to make this day a-day-to-remember. Although the seven lakes of Priyadarshini Park wore a deserted look, youngsters preferred the Settling Tank behind the Sindri fertilizer factory for picnic.While there was no enthusiasm among the family members of the former employees of the Sindri fertilizer factory, people from nearby villages were mainly present on the picnic spots. \"We just want to make the most of the day,\" said Pradeep, a student of Sindri College picnicking at the tank. \"The rain, however, has disappointed us,\" he added.However there were still some persons who found the day to be of great relief. Every year there were reports of squabbles in drunken state and at least half a dozen bike accidents in inebriated condition, said Shankar Pandey, a former employee of the factory. The rains saved the day, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11332340", "title": "Nine killed in road mishaps", "text": "SAMBALPUR: New Year revelry turned tragic with nine persons, including six students, being killed in separate road accidents in the state.The most fatal accident occurred in Balangir district in which six technical students died. Another injured student was battling for his life in a hospital. The accident took place near Kareldhua village in Saintala police station area when the victims' speeding car dashed into a roadside tree after the driver lost control. Police said the deceased were going to a dhaba at Belgaon on the Bargarh-Bariguma highway to celebrate New Year's Day.According to eyewitnesses, three students were killed on the spot. Two others died in a Balangir hospital and the sixth succumbed to his injuries on way to VSS Medical College and Hospital in Burla.The deceased were identified as Sudeb Singhdeo (18) of Ragbatipada, Subham Mahakud (21) of Rugudaipara, Sankar Pradhan (19) of Udaynargarpada, Amit Badua of Thikadarpara, Ajit Bag (21) of Santipara and Paritosh Singh (17) of Udaynagarpara of Balangir town. The injured student, Gangan Nayak of Rugudipara, was admitted in VSS Medical College and Hospital in a critical condition. They were all students of a technical institute in Balangir.Meanwhile, two persons were killed and four injured in a head-on collision between two cars at Tangi near Khurda. Similarly, another person died in an accident in Nayagarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332583", "title": "BIA initiates steps for growth of MSMEs", "text": "PATNA: In its bid to prop up growth of local micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) in the state, Bihar Industries Association (BIA) has planned measures for establishment of new industries, extension of existing ones, management of finance and creation of a pool of management executives and workmen to run the industries efficiently in the new year.BIA president K P S Kesri said that local MSMEs would have to stand on their own feet by availing the facilities provided in the new industrial policy and some other policies of the state government, and quality manpower management. But the state government, being a large purchaser, would have to bring out an effective purchase preference policy for the local MSMEs to provide them level playing field, he said.Kesri said the BIA is identifying 100 industrial units for their extension and capacity addition. The BIA would submit a proposal to the state government to give impetus to their growth The new industrial policy of the state government, which became effective from July 1, 2011, provides for subsidy on purchase of machinery needed for extension of the existing industries.Industrial Development Commissioner C K Mishra had recently said that subsidies could not be given to industries as they did not demand it. Nevertheless, recently some food processing industries were given subsidy under the Food Processing Policy of the state government for establishing their units, he said.Asked about measures that should be taken for accelerating the development of manufacturing industries in the state, Kesri emphasized on manpower management for efficient running of industries. For this, the BIA will soon sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with a national-level human resource development agency for providing 3-6 months rigorous training in industrial management skill to youths for handling the small and mid-sized industries.The BIA is also interacting with a national-level private equity fund management agency for managing equity capital for establishment of new industries and extension of the existing ones. One such equity fund management agency had already held a meeting with BIA, he said.BIA, with the National Institute of Design (NID), Ahmedabad, recently organized a workshop on product design for local entrepreneurs. NID will continue its product design training to local entrepreneurs under the national manufacturing competitive programme of the Union ministry of MSME, he added.Former BIA president K P Jhunjhunwala said that investment climate in Bihar had improved, but in the new year government's initiative for industrial development would be crucial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11332492", "title": "HC upholds life term in boy's sodomy, murder", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has confirmed life sentence imposed on two accused in connection with the sodomy and murder of an eight-year-old boy. On September 16, 2010, a trial court at Karur had convicted Mansur Ali, Nattu alias Nataraj and Kumar, sentencing them to life imprisonment for the murder of Faizur Rahman.The boy was staying with his father at Aravakurichi village in Karur taluk where his father ran a partnership business. One Ramu alias Madan a juvenile, in conflict with law was working under them. At 4.30pm on March 2, 2008, the three accused along with Ramu, abducted the boy and took him to Sukkankarai Thottam where they molested the boy. Later, one of them killed Rahman by dropped a big stone on the boy's head. They then concealed the dead body in a gunny bag in a garden at Jeeva Nagar. The inspector of police, attached to Aravakurichi police station registered the case and arrested all accused.The trial court at Karur convicted all the three accused. However, challenging the judgement of the lower court, they preferred the present appeal before the Madurai bench seeking to set aside the sentences imposed on them.Delivering a judgment on their appeal, the bench comprising Justice M Jaichandren and S Nagamuthu said according to the doctor, the death was due to a head injury which could have been caused by a stone.The prosecution pointed out that the recto anal swab taken from the deceased was compared to the DNA of the three accused and that of the juvenile accused Ramu. As the DNA of Kumar did not tally, it was concluded that Mansur Ali and Nattu had committed sodomy and killed the boy. Hence, holding that the prosecution has proved the case against them, the bench sustained the conviction. Stating that so far the case against Kumar was not proved beyond reasonable doubt, the judges acquitted him of all charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11332582", "title": "Proving their mettle in metal craft", "text": "HYDERABAD: When Aslam Siddiqi's grandfather travelled 135 km on a bullockcart over three days and three nights from Bidar to Hyderabad to sell his Bidriware to the erstwhile Nizam, little did he realize that his future generation would be the sole guardians of Bidri tradition in the city.From catering to the royal tastes with Sailabhchi-s (bowl for washing hand) and Aftaba-s (water jar), Bidri work in Hyderabad has aptly changed shape to the contemporary paper cutters and ashtrays of this day. Today, Hyderabad and Bidar account for most of the Bidri production in the country, a skill and technique which came to India in the 14th century from Iran.The stamp of the art is its contrast in `black and white.' According to renowned art historian and art collector Jagdish Mittal, \"Bidri is a type of encrusted metal ware where ornamentation takes the form of one metal overlaid onto another. It is often mistaken for damascening or the encrusting of steel with gold or silver. But whatever the similarities of technique, it is the contrast of inlaid metal, silver, gold or brass, with the matt black surface that elevates Bidri into a fine art.\"It is an intricate process involving several steps, one of which, the oxidising part, is done with a solution containing a particular type of earth from the fort at Bidar in Karnataka and hence the name Bidri. Mittal, who has authored \"Bidri Ware and Damascene Work in Jagdish and Kamla Mittal Museum of Indian Art\", has narrated his discovery of Bidri in the preface of his book_ \"I handled a Bidri object for the first time in 1951, when I came to Hyderabad for an exhibition of paintings... One day, while strolling in a lane, we noticed a wayside stall selling discarded household articles. Amongst these were two Bidri hookah bases, which I bought for ten rupees. I was instantly enamoured by the intricate silver inlay on their black body.\" G K Siddiqui, owner of Bidri Crafts at Gunfoundry, doesn't find this anecdote surprising. Having seen the rise and fall of Bidri in Hyderabad, he laments the loss of honour that the craft has suffered over time. As a craft which has been awarded the prestigious GI tag, Siddiqui feels that Hyderabad has not given Bidri its due.\"There was a time when my father used to make gold inlaid Bidri buttons for the Salar Jung himself and Hyderabad was the main centre for marketing. Karnataka is doing so much to keep this art form alive. What are we getting?\" asks a perturbed Siddiqui whose family is the only existing producers of Bidriware in the city. According to him, the Karnataka government has created self help groups and enrolled more than 100 artists into a privilege programme by which each artisan gets subsidy on raw materials, is given a house and a part of his production is regularly bought by the government. What about Andhra Pradesh?\"The government occasionally organizes training programmes, but they are fruitless. You can hardly find one workman in the city who has taken to the craft as profession after the training,\" says Siddiqui.Even the government art emporium Lepakshi buys artefacts from them on a contractual basis. If the article gets sold, only then the workmen are paid. All these have deterred skilled labourers from entering the business. \"The cost of raw materials has also increased. When I started work, silver was Rs 200 a tola (10 grams), now it is Rs 65,000,\" adds the master craftsman. Some have even gone out of business like the Yakoob Brothers of Mallepally whose Bidri production stopped with the death of the founder Yakoob Khan.\"Some artisans are even taking to alternate professions of driving autos or working as labourers in factories,\" says an upset Siddiqui. Jagdish Mittal holds other factors responsible for the decline of the art.\"Earlier, a majority of the sales would occur during the marriage season when 30-40 Bidri pieces were a must as a part of the dowry. Times have changed. Such bulk orders are rare,\" says the art collector. Siddiqui agrees with him. Even if there are bulk orders, those are mostly for corporate gifts and the general trend is of something small and inexpensive with probably a little touch of silver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11332472", "title": "Death toll over Mullaperiyar dam issue rises to three", "text": "MADURAI: Jayaprakash Narayanan, the 32-year-old van driver who attempted self immolation over the Mullaperiyar dam row on December 19, succumbed to his burns at a hospital in Madurai on Sunday, taking the death toll in this issue to three in the last one month.Jayaprakash, son of Shanmugapandian of Bangalamedu in Theni, had been upset over the Mullaperiyar dam row and doused himself with kerosene and set himself on fire in broad daylight near the Theni bus stand. He had allegedly proclaimed that he was giving his life for the right of Tamils before setting himself on fire, police sources said.Onlookers had rescued the man who had climbed up the pedestal of a Nehru statue there. He sustained over 80% burns when rescue persons managed to bring him down and rush him to the Theni government hospital, from where he was referred to Madurai for further treatment. He was admitted to a private hospital and was visited by politicians including MDMK leader Vaiko.With his death, the number of persons who have lost their lives for the Mullaperiyar cause rose to three. It may be recalled that a B Ramamurthy (37) a farmer of Seelayampatti in Theni district committed suicide four days ago by consuming poison for the cause as per the suicide note left by him. The first person to die was Sekar, a DMDK member, who committed suicide in a lodge in Vriddhachalam about a week ago. He was a native of Theni.Meanwhile, MDMK leader Vaiko, who visited the families of Sekar and Ramamurthy in Theni on Saturday to condole their deaths and also handed over solatium to the family members. Later talking to media persons, Vaiko said that the Mullaperiyar issue, which is now becoming a movement would not relent till Kerala decided to give up its efforts to construct a new dam and also withdraw its Dam Protection Act.He also accused political parties in Kerala of misleading people by giving wrong information and whipping up passions about the safety of the reservoir.\"If Kerala tries to demolish the dam, that will be disastrous not only for Tamil Nadu, but also for their state,\" Vaiko said clarifying that he was not against the people of the neighbouring state as projected in sections of media there.Vaiko, who had earlier given a call for economic blockade of the neighbouring state, claimed that the Kerala media was picturizing him as if he was whipping up passions against that state. He said the Mullaperiyar dam was constructed with Roman mortar and concrete, the same that was used to build the banks of Suez Canal and other Asian dams and there was no possibility of it collapsing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335663", "title": "Bango Seva Samman by Dhanwantary Seva Foundation", "text": "Bango Seva Samman 2011 was organized by Dhanwantary Seva Foundation, recently, at The Park.It was indeed a treat to have Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, Industry minister Partha Chatterjee, industrialist Harsh Neotia and painter Shuvaprasanna gracing the occasion. \"We are happy that this occasion has become such an important annual event among Kolkata socialites,\" says Rajendra Khandelwal, trustee of Dhanwantary Seva Foundation. Prof Sugata Bose, industrialist Sanjay Budhia, danseuse Alokananda Roy and Jimmy Tangree were awarded the Bango Seva Samman 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332749", "title": "PU academics optimistic about 2012", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) academics are quite optimistic of welcome changes in the year 2012. The commencement of the New Year for them is a time to make new resolutions and commitments for creating a healthy academic environment.Of late, a fresh move has been initiated for conversion of PU, the seventh oldest university of the country, into a Central university. PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh is striving hard to convince the Central government for fulfilling this old demand of the local people. CM Nitish Kumar has already announced his desire for making PU a Central university.As many as three colleges of PU, namely, Patna Women's College, Magadh Mahila College and B N College, have already been accorded 'College with Potential for Excellence (CPE)' status by the UGC and some more institutions may be accorded this status this year.Besides, four postgraduate departments, namely, geology, geography, Hindi and sociology, have been included under special assistance programme (SAP) of UGC in recognition of their significant academic contributions.The Union department of science and technology (DST) is also likely to sanction handsome amount to all the postgraduate science departments and different colleges of PU for modernization of their infrastructure. PU has already submitted to the DST its detailed proposal for strengthening its science departments. The UGC has already sanctioned a sum of Rs 1 crore to the university for modernization of its infrastructure.PU science faculty dean Upendra Kishore Sinha said that it would be really a great achievement for PU if the semester system is implemented from the next academic session (2012-13). The staff-starved university would have to arrange for more teaching hands to cope with the increased workload following the introduction of the semester system, he said.Meanwhile, PU is trying to get some additional teaching hands from the UGC under its Basic Science Research Scheme. The science departments of PU have been directed to furnish their actual requirements of teachers.Patna University Teachers' Association general secretary Randhir Kumar Singh said that the government had already implemented the revised scales of pay for the teachers and non-teaching staff and also notified the enhancement of age of superannuation of university teachers from 62 to 65 years.He hoped that the government would also make efforts for making payment of various types of arrears to the teachers at the earliest. The vacant posts of teachers should also be filled up to ensure regular academic work in the university.Singh said that if these genuine demands were fulfilled by the government, the teachers would work with renewed vigour and help create a healthy academic environment to check migration of students and improve classroom attendance in local colleges and university departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11332879", "title": "12 held with illicit liquor", "text": "KANPUR: Within a week of the announcement of the Assembly elections and the enforcement of model code of conduct, the district authorities have started a drive against production and sale of illicit liquor.Since Thursday, the police have arrested 12 persons and seized 75 litres of country-made liquor. The biggest recovery was made in Asani Newada village in Billhaur. Twenty litres of illicit liquor was seized on Saturday. The arrested man was identified as Anil alias Bawali on charges of manufacturing illicit liquor. More than 10 litres of country-made liquor and several quintals of mahua was recovered during a raid near Dhaursalar village in Billhaur on Saturday.The arrested man was identified as Gorey Lal. In Barra, one Rajendra Singh of Ikdhara village was arrested with five litres of country-made liquor. The Ghatampur police arrested Darku Kanjar and two others from Raiyuna village on Sunday and recovered five litres of country-made liquor from them. On Thursday, Shrawan alias Sharma of Baholey Kanjar was arrested from Chaubeypur with five litres of illicit liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331602", "title": "Blaze at garments shop in Sealdah", "text": "KOLKATA: While fire brigade was busy taming the blaze at Apeejay House on Park Street, another major fire broke out at a garments showroom on APC Road at Sealdah. Eight fire tenders were pressed into action and after a two-hour-long struggle, firefighters managed to arrest the flames.Around 3pm, traders at Sealdah market area spotted thick black smoke billowing out of the ground-floor garments shop at 18 APC Road. Panic spread among the locals as the entire area is congested and adjoining to the marketplace.Before the fire brigades could arrive, the local traders jumped into action and tried to control the blaze by pouring water. \"Being Sunday, the shop and the market were mostly closed. We soon informed their owners as we feared the fire may spread and damage huge property,\" said Amit Gupta, a local trader.The team of three fire brigades which reached first realized that the fire had turned major and immediately asked for reinforcement. Five more fire engines joined with breathing apparatus. \"The building where fire broke out is an old one and inside a dingy locality. Also, the shop was laden with combustible articles. Moreover, there were false ceilings inside the shop which initially prevented us to reach. This delay increased the smoke,\" said a fire officer.Later, fire brigade personnel sneaked inside with masks and broke the front shutter of the shop to disperse the black smoke. The timely intervention of fire brigade helped prevent fire from spreading to other shops and into the market. After two hours fire was controlled till evening it was doused.Fire officials alleged that the shop had no proper fire-fighting system.State urban development minister Firhad Hakim visited the spot. A case will be registered at Muchipara police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11333261", "title": "Anti-graft activists take midnight dip in cold water", "text": "SHILLONG: A group of anti-graft activists in Meghalaya pledged to fight against corruption by taking a dip in the icy-cold water at midnight with an aim to inculcate a fighting spirit, endurance and determination to end social frauds.While the rest of the country welcomed the New Year with revelry in their own ways, 24 brave men and children heralded the first hour of 2012 by taking a mid-night dip at the Crinoline swimming pool at sub-zero temperature.\"We take this dip to refresh ourselves and rejuvenate our fighting spirit,\" former student activist and convener of the Mait Shaphrang Movement (MSM), Michael Syiem, said. \"A dive into a pool under sub-zero temperature points out that we are ready to overcome all odds in our fight against corruption,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11330882", "title": "Man dies in hit-and-run case at Borda", "text": "MARGAO: A 38-year-old pedestrian died in a hit-and-run case, after being knocked down by a tanker at Borda, Margao on Saturday night.Police sources informed that the victim, Alexy Almeida, who sustained serious injuries died on the spot.Margao police have booked an offence against the unknown driver of the tanker. Further investigations are still underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11331518", "title": "Car driver goes on rampage, injures 3", "text": "INDORE: An unidentified Swift car driver went on a rampage while welcoming the New Year on the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday.The driver, who was reportedly in an inebriated state, knocked down a cop who tried to stop him. The car (MP09 CC9439) later rammed into other vehicles parked near Shivaji Vatika, hit a rotary and turned turtle. The car driver, along with two others, were injured in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11322656", "title": "New Year resolutions: Good to make, great to break", "text": "MUMBAI: The joke goes that promises are like babies, fun to make but difficult to keep. New Year resolutions top that category.Take the case of Andheri resident Claus D'souza, who tilts the scale at a robust 90 kg. He prepared a detailed weight loss chart last year, complete with a table of the amount of fat he would have to work off each week from January through December. \"Only I lost the list in the first week itself,\" he said. This year, he has drafted another chart and is hoping to stick to the regimen.Actor Ajay Devgn has other ideas. Tongue firmly in cheek, he says he has resolved to \"work less and earn more\". \"And that still doesn't include dancing at weddings,\" he quipped.Last night, every New Year party is likely to have had at least one binge drinker who filled himself to bursting in the firm belief that this was the last time he would do so. But typically, New Year resolutions are meant to be broken, and most of them are likely to be back at a bar next New Year's Eve.On a sober note, this is the reason Alcoholics Anonymous organizes a night-long vigil on December 31 for members who have stuck to their promise \"one day at a time\". They start arriving at the meet-up shortly before midnight, the bewitching hour when temptation peaks, and sit till dawn breaks with family and peers in the company of the only beverages that are kosher-tea/coffee and soft drinks.Spending less time on the computer is a 21st century aim. Giving up smoking and losing weight are the other favourites, and each year, the number of slimming packages put out by health clinics increases. This season, a nicotine substitute has been painting the town red, saying it can help people who wish to quit the cancer stick.Some funny resolutions have graduated to T-shirt quotes as well. Finding innovative excuses to keep off work tops the list. Some promises are meant to be brokenAmong funny resolutions, avoiding a bath to conserve water almost makes the grade, while throwing your weight around is getting there.A resolution that stood out was media professional Maniza Irani's. Dreading entering the daunting thirties with her Facebook status still saying 'single', she has made a raft of promises.\"I have prepared a list of small resolutions, all aligned to fulfill one big promise I have made to myself. I have to get married during the calendar year of 2012. So, I have resolved to learn cooking, sewing and housekeeping,\" Irani said, wearing a serious expression. Life-altering goals aside, Irani also plans to travel to one station each day to learn about the roads of Mumbai as this will help her find her way around on work.Those who have gone through the rigmarole in previous years hand out a few helpful pointers.The trick to save oneself the embarrassment of a failed attempt is to rope in family and friends ,'' says Ashish Nair, who swore to cut down smoking two years ago. Tell them to reinforce the good behaviour and check you when you lapse. My boss and colleagues kept reminding me of my new year resolution and along with positive reinforcement at home, it did help me through the initial period of withdrawal.''In another handy tip, Ashish says not to raise the bar too high before climbing the first step. You will not be able to cut your quota from three packs to three cigarettes a day, so don't try. Instead, set yourself a gradual and attainable goal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330954", "title": "Lift on highway turns fatal for couple, son", "text": "PUNE: A couple and their two-year-old son died when the container they were travelling in, hit the divider and overturned near Vadgaon Maval on Pune-Mumbai highway on Sunday morning. The Wadgaon Maval police have identified the deceased as Bharat Kondiba Gore (25), his wife Anita (22) and son Omkar, from Velvand village in Bhor, who were currently residing at Khalapur in Raigad district.Driver of the container, which was carrying milk, Gorakhnath Laxman Takawale (34) of Satara, escaped unhurt.The couple was on their way to Khapurhol in Bhor and had decided to hitchhike with the container from Rasini phata in Khalapur at 7 am. At 8 am, on their way to Pune, the driver lost control of the vehicle and rammed the divider.Speaking to TOI, sub-inspector Pradeep Suryavanshi said, \"On his way to Pune, the driver had picked up six people, including the deceased, from various places. The passengers were seated in the cabin next to the driver.\"The driver, who was driving recklessly, lost control and rammed the divider while taking a right turn near Deccan warehouse. \"The impact of the accident was such that Omkar was thrown out of the vehicle. Bodies of his parents were found crushed below the container after a crane was used to tow the vehicle,\" Suryavanshi said. \"We could not locate the three other passengers as they fled from the spot after the accident. The container has been seized and is at the police station. The bodies were handed over to the victim's family after post-mortems were performed at a government hospital.\"When contacted, Dashrath Gore of Bhor, a relative of the victims, who was present at the police station, said Bharat and Anita were married three years ago. Bharat had shifted to Khalapur after he got a job of a contract labourer. Anita was a housewife.Gore said since the couple made frequent trips to their village in Bhor, they would often take lifts from trucks and containers on the highway. \"I came running to the spot after the driver informed me on the phone that my relatives have died in an accident,\" he said.Takawale, the driver, said he left Mumbai for Kapurhol for collecting milk and offered lift to the couple from Rasini phata, since they were acquaintances, and he knew them for the last eight months. The deceased used to pay between Rs 100 and 200 whenever they were given lifts.Takawale said he was driving slowly, but his vehicle rammed the divider and overturned. \"I escaped with internal injuries on my ribs,\" he said.Takawale was arrested for reckless driving under sections 279, 304 (a), 337 and 338 of the Indian Penal Code and 184 of the Motor Vehicles Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11332090", "title": "2012: Firstborns make grand entry", "text": "LUDHIANA: There is no one in the city as happy as Arjun Mehta, Gaurav Garg and Ajay Kumar at the arrival of 2012. The stork decided to give them a super start to the year and arrived at their doorsteps with their first babies early on Sunday morning.Beaming with joy, the first-time dads are trying to juggle time between cuddling their new born, caring for their tired wives and arranging for a big bash at home to celebrate. Each is surprised too - Arjun's wife Rukmeet has delivered three weeks ahead of her due date, Ajay's wife Seema has delivered five days late and Gaurav's baby has arrived just in time for his own birthday.Residents of Model Town, Gaurav and Shivani cannot believe the good fortune that Day 1 of 2012 has brought them. \"I was told at 1am that I have become a father and all I could think was it is God's gift to me for the New Year and my birthday, which is on January 3. Both our baby and Shivani are doing well,'' said Gaurav, a businessman. He added that as soon as news got to both their families they started talking about celebrating.Businessman Arjun and his wife Rukmeet had been counting days to the delivery day, three weeks later. \"But suddenly Rukmeet's labour pains started and we rushed her to the hospital where she delivered the baby at 7am on Sunday. It is the first grandchild for both our parents and they are literally on cloud nine. Words are not adequate to express how we are feeling as new parents,'' said Arjun, a resident of Model Town. He added that he threw a grand party for his friends on Sunday night while his relatives are planning something for the time when Rukmeet and the baby come home.For Ajay and Seema of BRS Nagar too each day was a long wait as she was due to deliver on December 26. As they waited, Ajay said it had not crossed their mind that the stork was waiting for the new year to deliver their baby. \"Seema's labour pains started on Saturday night and our son was born at 7.10am on Sunday. The year has started with a big bang for us. I am originally from Himachal Pradesh so I have informed my family too and they are very excited with us,'' said Ajay, who is working in a textile industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331919", "title": "Death plunge after party", "text": "KOLKATA: A night-long New Year party at one of Kolkata's poshest highrises turned into a nightmare shortly before daybreak when a 37-year-old guest fell to his death from a flat on the 31st floor.Koushik Datta, a resident of Salt Lake, had called up home to wish his mother after midnight. He also called up his sister who lives abroad around 2.30 am. Half an hour later, he was dead.Police are probing if it was an accident, a case of suicide or there was foul play involved.Koushik had come to his friend's place at South City complex to attend the New Year's party. According to the owner of the flat, whose husband was also a friend of Koushik, most of the guests were inebriated. Around 3 am, Koushik went to the balcony, which is open except for a four-foot wall. The owner claimed Koushik lost his balance and fell off.At his Karunamoyee residence, Koushik's aged parents, Anima and Sujit, are yet to come to terms with the shocking news. Their son had recently returned from an African country because his mother was seriously ill. He earlier used to work in Indonesia.\"My son went out around 9.30 am to meet some friends. He called up in the afternoon to say he would be late. He even called me up at 12.30 am to wish me and did the same to his sister who stays abroad around 2.30 am,\" said mother Anima. The family was shell-shocked when after about 20 minutes someone called up to say, \"Raja (Koushik) is no more\". \"He was happy and normal even 20 minutes before. This death is mysterious,\" Koushik's mother said.Father Sujit said, \"Koushik's friend was known to us and he had informed us that he was at her place. After 10 pm I did not speak to my son.\"Biswarup Ghosh, DC South Suburban Division, said: \"We are questioning the victim's friend and others present at the party. We will also speak to the parents of the victim.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11330993", "title": "'MMC's tax system will burden Margao citizens'", "text": "MARGAO: The decision by the Margao municipal council (MMC) to switch over to plinth area mode of calculation for assessing house taxes instead of the current carpet area method, has stoked up a controversy.Taking up cudgels for the town's residents who will be affected by the move , ex-chairperson of MMC, Savio Coutinho, has implored the civic body to reconsider its decision and save house tax payers from a \"nearly 20 % additional financial burden.\"Sources informed TOI that out of the 45,000 premises that are in the tax net of the MMC, around 9,000 premises are assessed on plinth area basis, while the rest are assessed on carpet area basis.The plinth area calculation works out at nearly 15-20% higher than that of carpet area-based house tax.Coutinho, during his tenure as MMC chairperson, had taken the initiative to implement a uniform mode of taxation on the carpet area basis. But the exercise was aborted mid-way.Coutinho, speaking to TOI, has suggested that the council tap alternative and more \"lucrative\" revenue generation avenues by streamlining its tax recovery system rather than \"burdening the people with a 20% hike in house taxes.\"\"Assessing house tax on plinth area basis may fetch a maximum of an additional 50 lakh per year for the council. But, there are so many conveniently ignored sources that can fetch several crores of rupees to the MMC,\" Coutinho pointed out.Elucidating his point, Coutinho said, \"As per rules, 10% of the rent received by commercial premises should be paid as house tax to the council by the owner. The sad story of our council is that when these establishments apply for trade licenses, the concerned market inspectors do not conduct inspections promptly to process the applications that would fetch not only trade and sign board fees but also revised house tax from rented commercial premises.\"He further added, \"There are glaring instances, where inspectors have hijacked applications in connivance with some applicants when it was revealed that revised house tax was high. Finally, the council gets no revenue but the establishments continue operating their businesses from the premises.\"MMC sources confirmed that around 200 applications for trade licenses are lying unprocessed as the inspection by market inspectors remains pending .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11330842", "title": "Gang decamps with 40 sovereigns of gold from ex-serviceman's house", "text": "COIMBATORE: Unidentified gang gained entry into an ex-serviceman's house at Theethiapalayam near Perur on and decamped with 40 sovereigns of gold jewels and 6 kg of silver articles. Forensic experts have lifted fingerprints from the crime scene and a special team has been formed to nab the culprits.According to the police, Sivakumar (40), an ex-serviceman, is working as an office assistant at the ex-servicemens' welfare association office in the city. He went with his family to Vellore to offer prayers in a temple on December 28.Meanwhile, an unidentified gang entered into Sivakumar's house by breaking open the front door. They had fled from the house after stealing 40 sovereigns of gold jewels and 6 kg's of silver from an almirah in the house. When Sivakumar and his family came back from Vellore on Saturday evening, they found front door of the house broken and the house burgled.Immediately, Sivakumar alerted the Perur police and a team rushed to the spot with sniffer dog, but was unable to get any clue. Later, forensic experts lifted inger prints from the house.A special team has been formed to nab the culprits. Police have decided to intensify the night patrol in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330779", "title": "Two professors die in road accident", "text": "PUNE: New Year parties turned tragic for a group of professors as two of them were killed and two others injured as the car in which they were travelling collided head on with a speeding tempo near Khed on the Pune-Nashik highway on Saturday night.Khed police have identified the deceased as Pramod Baban Kabadi (55) and Shridhar Parshuram Dhole (55), both residents of Junnar. The injured Sambhaji Narayan Gaikwad and Sahebrao Ishwar Darekar are undergoing treatment in a city-based private hospital. All four were working as professors at Shiv Chhatrapati College in Junnar.Inspector Amar Desai of the Khed police station on Sunday said that the accident took place while the group was headed to Junnar from Pune to celebrate New Year's eve at around 11.15 pm.Tempo driver Sharad Madhukar Kamble (25) of Udgir in Latur district was arrested after the victim's relative Dinanath Pansare (61) registered a complaint of reckless driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331848", "title": "Ustad may take legal action", "text": "KOLKATA: Ustad Aashish Khan is planning legal action against the airlines.\"I had to pay excess baggage since I was carrying my instrument. Besides, my sarod case had a fragile sticker on it. I fail to understand how any airlines can be so careless about handling baggage. I showed the broken sarod to the audience at Saturday's concert. A customer-care official from the airlines called me up and enquired what had gone wrong. She was trying to blame me for not checking my baggage at the airport. Later, she told me she wanted to send a voucher of Rs 600 that I had paid for excess baggage. I cut her short saying that she didn't realize what a broken sarod means to an instrumentalist. I told her I would have a word with my lawyer and then get back to her. It will take another couple of days for me to decide the modalities ,\" Khan said.An IndiGo Airlines official claimed the passenger had not noticed any damage when the luggage arrived on the conveyor belt, nor made any complaint at the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11333947", "title": "\u2018Give interest-free loans to farmers\u2019", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy on Wednesday called upon the country's banking sector to provide interest free loans for paddy and coconut farmers in the state.Unveiling the 'State Credit Plan 2012-13' at the Nabard office here, Chandy stressed the need to ensure easy availability of credit to instil confidence in farmers. Two crops could be identified in each state and interest free loan provided for their cultivation, he said while suggesting rice and coconut for Kerala.The plan, with a credit potential of Rs 68,434 crore, assesses the potential available for lending under priority sector in the state. This plan would serve as a base document for the preparation of annual credit plan for the state as a whole as well as for the credit planning by banks.Chandy assured that his government would ensure that benefits of the Vaidyanathan Committee - task force on revival of rural co-operative credit institutions - reaches the cooperative institutions. He also indicated that the government would consider necessary budgetary support for providing infrastructural gaps identified in the state focus paper.The credit projection of Rs 68,434 crore as envisaged in the 2012-13 plan is 17% higher than the previous year's figure. Of this, Rs 30,124 crore will go to the primary sector which includes agriculture and allied activities, while Rs 4,657 crore will go to the secondary sector (manufacturing) while the tertiary sector (service) will get Rs 33,653 crore.Nabard chief general manager K C Shashidhar explained that Rs 100 crore had been allotted to Kerala under the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund for creation of storage and warehousing facilities in rural areas. This was being done as per the bank's new initiatives towards accelerating ground level credit to agriculture and rural development, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336636", "title": "Star-studded reception for Mamta and Pregith", "text": "With the Vembanad backwaters on one side and green undulating lawns on the other, actress Mamta and hubby Pregith cut a beautiful wedding cake reiterating their wedding vows in a glittering reception held at Bolgatty Palace, Kochi on Friday.The evening, marked by roses and romance was graced by friends and family alike. Mamta made a stunning bride, clad in a peacock blue and red creation embellished with sparkling stones.Not to be outdone, Pregith for his part, looked dapper in a pure white designer sherwani. The evening saw a starry turnout of the Malayalam film fraternity. Actors Dileep, Prithviraj, Jayasuriya, Anoop Menon, Indrajith, Jayaram and Parvathy added glam to the joyous occasion.Director Lal Jose, Producer Naushad and script writer T A Razzaq were also seen at the event. Mamta and Pregith, who were married in a traditional function earlier this week, looked completely in love, as they were seen laughing and sharing light moments together. Here's wishing the married couple a happy life together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11331860", "title": "Drunken youths thrash cops at picnic spot in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: The celebratory mood at a picnic spot in Howrah turned sour on Sunday when a clash broke out between police and a group of inebriated youths. Five policemen, including an officer, were injured in the incident.No one was arrested till late Sunday night. Naopala, by the side of Rupnarayan river in Bagnan, is a popular picnic spot. Picnickers had started arriving at the spot since morning on Sunday. A police picket was posted in the vicinity in anticipation of the huge turnout.According to police, trouble started when a group of local youths started passing lewd comments at some women who were part of a picnic group from Barrackpore. The male members of the visiting group tried to ward them off. But the youths who were in an inebriated state did not relent boasting that they were locals. Around 3.30pm, a heated argument ensued between the two groups. When policemen intervened, the youths turned the heat on the men in uniform. Some started pelting stones at the cops. They also collected bamboo sticks from nearby stalls and attacked them. SI Tapan Das of Bagnan police station and four other constables were injured in the attack. Locals alleged that police lathicharged them.\"Some policemen, including the SI, were injured in the attack,\" said ASP Howrah (rural) Sukhendu Hira. In another incident, a traffic constable and a traffic volunteer were beaten up by some picnickers on GT Road in Howrah on Sunday night.Around 9pm, the group was returning after a picnic in Bally in a Matador van. When the constable stopped the vehicle for rash driving, the picnickers got off and attacked the duo. Both were rushed to TL Jaiswal Hospital. Four has been arrested in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11332563", "title": "State government wants free power for BPL citizens", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government has requested the Union ministry of power to sanction free domestic connections for around 20 lakh eligible Below Poverty Line (BPL) consumers. SC colonies and weaker section of the city are included in the Rajiv Gandhi Grameena Vidyutikarana Yojana (RGGVY) programme under the XIIth five-year plan (2012-2017).Dinesh Kumar, principal secretary with the energy department, said power utilities had electrified over 26 lakh BPL households during the X and XI plans up to November 2011 under the RGGVY programme. He said that the Centre had promised to continue the 90:10 funding scheme (90% central and 10% state funding) for implementation of RGGVY) in the XIIth plan as well.Although the state's installed generation capacity has doubled, it is unable to meet power its citizens' requirement due to an unprecedented increase in the demand for power, shortage of coal and natural gas, dry spell &amp; reduced inflows into hydel reservoirs, environmental problems and availability of transmission corridor problem, he said. But he added that the Bhupalpalli 500 MW thermal unit had been restored after power cuts for domestic consumers. The energy department official on Sunday said that the state was determined to strengthen the power sector by providing adequate and satisfactory supply to all.Apart from providing a tariff subsidy of Rs 4,300 crore, the government has accorded permission for the mobilization of Rs 4,000 crore in the form of AP power bonds towards clearance of additional power purchases, he said. \"Apart from giving top priority to domestic and agricultural sectors, power utilities in the state have taken special care for the industrial sector to minimise power shortages.\"The superintending engineers (operation) of all districts have been asked to organise district level industrial consumers' meet to take their opinion and feedback on the implementation of the above schemes meant,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11332480", "title": "Parents get New Year shock as schools announce fee hike", "text": "HYDERABAD: The New Year started on a bitter note for parents in the city with as many as 5,000 private schools on Sunday announcing a 10 to 40% hike in their fee structures effective from June 2012. School managements said that the steep hike in property tax was the reason for the fee hike.The government had announced a revised property tax structure for schools last month based on their locality, built-up area and space usage. It also mandated schools to follow certain fire-safety mechanisms. So, for instance, a school paying Rs 7,800, is now poised to pay as much as Rs 2.36 lakh in property tax. The amount would vary from one school to another but the percentage hike almost remains the same.Schools have also cited the impending hike in electricity and water tariff in 2012 as the reason behind the hike. Schools are expected to submit in writing to the state secondary education department their desire to have fees hiked. Managements of recognised schools that are known for their affordable fee structure have said that they will not be able to offer any fee subsidies this year.\"The financial burden on schools has increased manifold. If the government wants us to keep the fee structures low they have to charge a low property tax levy,\" said Srinivas Reddy, state president of the AP Private Managements' Recognised Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11330910", "title": "Resolve to be fit, the right way", "text": "NAGPUR: New Year is the time to make resolutions that we all know would be broken before the year becomes old. One of the most common among these resolutions is the resolve to lose weight and change one's diet plans. More often than not, reason for not being able to keep the promises one makes to oneself is not having the right diet plan, with temptation being a close second.Dietitians insist that broken resolutions result from the fact that people expect quick results and making extreme changes in their food habits. The right way they say is to change one's diet gradually over the months. Another step that people skip while trying to become 'fit' is not including the right exercise routine to complement the new improved diet.Marketing professional Anjana Badwaik swears by gradual dietary changes that her nutritionist introduced her to. \"Every year, I decided I would stop eating sweets, fried and other unhealthy food. And, I did stop having them for a month or so. But I would fall prey to temptation and the whole idea of not being able to eat my favourite foods started seeming impossible,\" she said.After several failed attempts, she took professional help and understood her mistakes. Her new diet plan that she would start this week includes minor changes in her usual intake, making the switchover easier.\"Most people do not realize that body needs time to get used to changes that they introduce in their diet. The trick is to lessen or find healthier options for your everyday food. Extreme and sudden changes mean the diet plan fails somehow or the other resulting in the yo-yo effect, wherein the dieter's regained weight is much more than what he started off with,\" explained dietitian Swati Moharir.She insists that the right time gap between sleeping and eating time also plays an important role in the success of a diet plan.Dietitian Jayshree Pendharkar believes that enough physical exercise is also an important aspect. \"More than gymming, activities like swimming, jogging and walking would help one in shedding the kilos. The most dangerous trend, however, is self-planning of diet without understanding its implications. This mostly results in inadequate or wrong intake of calories. What people do not understand is that it is the quality of the calories and the not the quantity that is more important. Many people, especially young girls are prone to falling prey to nutritional deficiencies because of this wrong intake of calories,\" she said.The most common mistake is people assuming boiled or steamed food to be healthy, not realizing that they are robbing their bodies off the right nutrition. It is, therefore, advisable to seek professional help before making big changes in one's food habits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11339456", "title": "Three of a family from Faridabad, killed in road accident near Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Three of a family from Faridabad near New Delhi picnicking in south India died on spot while five others including three children, suffered serious injuries, after an SUV in which they were traveling rammed into an avenue tree on National Highway 212, near Gundlupet in Chamarajanagar district on Monday.They were taking a picnic to Ooty when the tragedy happened, 40 kms away from Mysore, around 8.30 am. Luckily, Gurmeet Duggal (33) was helped by Raghavendra Rao's family from Andhra Pradesh, who was coming to Mysore in a vehicle, to shift her hospital. Earlier, four others - Amarjith Duggal (62) and three children Jasnoor Kaur (6), Harsimrath Kaur (3) and Avni (30-months) were taken to hospital in police and ambulance vehicles and they were waiting for ambulance to shift Gurmeet.Gurvinder Singh Rana (37), a regional manager at Hero Motocorop, Faridabad, his wife Sandeep Kaur (32) and his brother in-law Kavaldeep Singh Duggal (35), a marketing head at Bangalore-based distilleries were killed on spot. Kavaldeep was a resident of Sahakaranagar in Bangalore.Gundlupet police inspector T Ashok suspect driver fatigue was to be blame for the accident. The family left Bangalore around 5 am and it seems they have driven without a break from the state capital. Kavaldeep Singh Duggal (35), a marketing head at John Distilleries, Bangalore, was at the wheel and his body was struck, the inspector stated.Rana's elder daughter Jasnoor Kaur (6) has broken her hip in the accident. Dr Narayan Hegde, a plastic surgeon attending to her, said her fractured hip and thigh bone have been joined. The kid's condition as of now is stable. Meanwhile, four others who too have suffered fractures are undergoing treatment at Apollo hospital in Kuvempunagar. Dr Balakrishnegowda, an orthopedic, is treating the injured kids and women.Police say Rana, his wife and two kids from Faridabad were visiting his sister Gurmeet Duggal in Bangalore. They arrived in Bangalore on December 27. Gurmeet, wife of Kavaldeep Singh Duggal, her mother in-law Amarjith Duggal and daughter 30-month-old Avni are recuperating from surgeries.Jasnoor Kaur and Harsimrath Kaur, who have lost their parents, are still not aware about the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11332656", "title": "Technical glitches in census tablets", "text": "HYDERABAD: The tablet computers issued by the GHMC for conducting the country's first digital socio-economic-caste census are all but functional, say the enumerators working in the Old City.\"The tablets manufactured by Bharat Electronics Limited are under powered and hence are not fast enough to allow quick entry of data. Given the slow speed of operation the tablets sometimes hang, requiring restarting,\" they alleged. An enumerator, requesting anonymity, showed the problems to TOI.\"The tablet is slow. It perhaps does not have enough hardware capacity to handle the software application for census. Though we use it only for census use, there are operational problems which often force us to restart and lose all the data entered,\" said an enumerator.Another enumerator from the area explained, \"We have to use image files, which are essentially scanned versions of data collected during the population census. These files show the details of members of a family in each house in a given electoral block. Thedata that we collect pertain to the members whose personal details are shown in the image files. Even if if the house is locked, the software requires us to key in all details. Otherwise we cannot proceed because the image files become inaccessible if they are skipped. We have no choice but to access these files in a numerical order. This forces us to return to the technical center to download the image files again.\"In a difficult situation like this some enumerators are resorting to entering fictitious information, he adds. He also complains that if the members of a house are not available, they cannot revisit the house.\"If the house is locked, there is an option called \"locked\" in the software to explain why the data could not be gathered. But if we choose the locked option, we can never access the image files again, which means that we cannot get data from the members of the house.\"ECIL officials, who are providing technical support, give a different picture. They say that the hardware and software in the tablet computers are adequate for the purpose at hand.\"There have been technical issues but they have not proved a hindrance to data collection. Many of these issues can also be attributed to the operators who tend to use the tablet for personal purposes, which can affect its performance. However there have been no data losses,\" they claimed.More than 800 tablets have been issued in the south zone of GHMC which covers most areas of Old City. The census activity is slated to be completed in all circles by January 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331929", "title": "'Unemployed' man asked to pay alimony to his wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rejecting the plea of a man that he cannot pay maintenance to his estranged wife as he was unemployed, a trial court has said the \"general tendency\" of avoiding paying maintenance to an estranged wife by a husband on the grounds of unemployment and financial constraints is unacceptable.\"It is a general tendency of husbands to deflate their income when time comes to provide maintenance to their wife and child. In such circumstances, many a times courts have to do some guess work,\" metropolitan magistrate Rachna Tiwari Lakhanpal said while directing the man to pay Rs 4,000 per month alimony.The court order came on a plea by a woman seeking alimony from her husband, who has been refusing to pay it on the ground of being unemployed. The court awarded the interim amount to the woman after considering the inflation rate, social status and educational qualifications of both the wife and her husband.\"Considering the facts and circumstances, inflationary rate, social status, educational qualifications, background of the parties, I award maintenance of Rs 4,000 to the wife and her daughter,\" the magistrate said. It also noted that being his legally wedded wife, the woman was having custody of their daughter and was without a source of income.The Rohini-based woman, in her complaint, said she got married in July 2008 after which her in-laws used to harass her for not bringing sufficient dowry. She had also lodged a complaint against her husband and in-laws with the Crime Against Women Cell in 2010.Seeking alimony, the woman said her husband was working with a multi-national company and was earning Rs 17,000 per month, besides having several properties in his name.The court awarded the interim amount to the woman after considering the inflation rate, social status, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon/new delhi", "code": "11333169", "title": "Citibank bank fails to act on Puri scam alarm bells : Probe", "text": "Gurgaon/New Delhi: The fraud in Citbank's Gurgaon branch in December 2010 occurred despite several warnings, according to an internal study by the bank. On June 20, 2008, Joginder Singh , Citibank's compliance officer had even recommended to officials to take stern action against the errant employees. The cases should have been referred to CDC (country disciplinary committee), but this was not done.A fresh banking early alerts tracking system (BEATS) alert linked to Puri's staff account was forwarded to Citi Security and Investigative Services (CSIS) for review in November 2008 relating to the use of loan on phone (LOP) proceeds and transfers between his mother's and his staff account. He was also asked why funds were being diverted from Prem Nath's account -which was used to route Puri's investors' cash to the brokerage firms -to his mother's account and then directly to Puri's staff account. These issues were never taken to a logical conclusion.The CSIS report says that it's apparent, \"The business was aware of significant suspicious and unauthorized activities by Puri on two separate escalations, involving the use of his staff account for investment purposes. Compliance, anti-money laundering (AML), HR, operations and technology, consumer banking head and Puri's immediate and other branch management were also aware of Puri's unauthorized activities in violation of Citibank policies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331516", "title": "32-year-old hangs self", "text": "MUMBAI: The decomposed body of Deepak Singh (32) was found at his Goregaon home on Sunday. Singh committed suicide, but did not leave a suicide note.\"Singh was not taking his father's calls. When the latter went to Singh's home on Sunday, he found his son hanging,\" an official said. The body has been sent for post-mortem.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332346", "title": "IIMA project shows child labour at 6-year high due to beautification projects", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Even as the city celebrates Kankaria Carnival, eleven-year-old Arjun, whose family was displaced as part of the Kankaria lake development project, works at a tea stall in Ganeshnagar.Arjun does not want to resume his schooling as he enjoys his new work and now aims to be able to put correct amount of sugar in the tea. Arjun and his elder brother, who works at a sari warehouse, dropped out of school and stayed at home till they found work after the displacement.The boys are among the many children who were forced to turn to child labour due to the various infrastructure beautification projects undertaken by the state government, according to a project by the Public Systems Group at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIMA).Similarly, Sunandaben's four children ranging from age eight to 16 used to go to school before being 'resettled' in Ganeshnagar. All four children had no choice but to drop out of school because the increased distance resulted in high transportation costs. The children either help their father in his job of stacking boxes or help their mother in domestic chores.The project has also involved students of the public policy at IIMA, who have made films on the impact of displacement on the educational and occupational aspirations of urban poor families.\"The Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), development of Vastrapur and Kankaria lake and the Sabarmati riverfront project have all created child labourers in the city. There are no schools close to where these families have been moved and evicted families cannot afford to send their children to schools which are far away. Earlier, the daily wage earners earned Rs 80-100 per day, which helped them live a decent life. This has led to many children dropping out of school since 2005,\" said Navdeep Mathur, faculty member in the Public Systems Group at IIMA.Mathur added that the project also teaches students how a good budget will not necessarily give the right experience. \"The state government may have spent Rs 4 lakh each on providing low-income housing projects but the livelihoods have been endangered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337579", "title": "Female Don can be called Donald Duck: Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan's super sense of humour and wit-laden punchlines are known to all.Recently, when the actor asked his directorbuddy Farhan Akhtar about the real name of Don, Farhan said that as per his fictional creation it was Mark Donald. And Shah Rukh promptly remarked, \"Then the female Don can be called Donald Duck!\" A few weeks back, a journo repeatedly asked SRK the name of the new puppy he had acquired.Without losing his cool, he grinned, \"If you don't stop asking me this silly question, I will name my dog after you.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11337691", "title": "One killed, two injured during protests over power shortage in Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: One person was killed and two others were injured today when Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel opened fire to quell a mob protesting against power shortage in Boniyar area of North Kashmir's Baramulla district.\"One person has been killed in the firing and two others are injured,\" police said.Official sources said a group of around 500 persons staged protests outside the NHPC-run Uri power project at Boniyar, 90 kms from here, against electricity crisis in the area this morning.As the protestors marched towards the main gate of the power project, the CISF personnel guarding the complex allegedly opened fire, the sources said.Altaf Ahmad Sood (25) died on the spot, while 70-year-old Abdul Majid Khan and 25-year-old Parvaiz Ahmad Khan sustained injuries, they said.The sources said the firing incident led to tension in the area as residents gathered outside the power project demanding arrest of the CISF personnel responsible for the death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11331861", "title": "Police get 268 emergency calls", "text": "The police control room received a total 268 emergency calls during the celebration of new year in the city on Saturday night. Majority of the calls were regarding complaints about quarrels, noise pollution and creating nuisance. A total 32 calls out of 268 were regarding road accidents, 50 in connection of quarrels and 25 of noise pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11332099", "title": "An autobiography with a difference...", "text": "LUDHIANA: Promising to present his life in a unique style, Iqbal Ramoowalia, a prominent figure in Punjabi poetry, is in India for the launch of his autobiography \"Sarde Saaz Di Sargam''.Born in India, Iqbal migrated to Canada in 1975 and attended University of Waterloo. He has published various books of poetry in Punjabi as well as English and has established himself as one of the prominent writers.Talking about his autobiography, Iqbal said, \"I've presented my life in prose and poetry, and hope that readers would enjoy this autobiography like a novel which is enriched with suspense, joy and sorrow.''Resident of Ghadauni Kalan of district Ludhiana, the Punjabi-Canadian author started writing back in 70s. His father Karnail Singh Para popularly known as Bapu Paras, who was also a renowned Punjabi literary personality, inspired him and motivated him to strive for excellence. \"While studying in Government College, Ludhiana, I started writing while doing my masters in English literature. In 1974 my first poetry book, \"Sulagde Ehsaas'' was published in which I attempted to highlight issues related to marginal classes.The 62-year-old writer adds, \"In 1975 I moved to Canada and after coming here I wrote a book on my experience in foreign land, \"Kujh Vi Nahi''. Following this book, I went on to write \"Pani Da Parchawa'', \"Kavita Mainu Likhdi Hai'' and \"Palang Panguda'' and all these books were well appreciated by literary lovers.'' As for his views on writing, Iqbal said, \"Literary writing is an expression of discontentment and only a discontented person can write literature from his heart.''Besides Punjabi literature, Iqbal had written two novels in English, \"The Death of Passport'' and \"Mid Air Frown''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11332736", "title": "All eyes on V-C as AU opens after winter break", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the Allahabad University reopening on Monday, holding of election to student union would top the agenda of the university officials including the vice-chancellor. Some of the faculty members of AU are of the opinion that since the voting for some of the seats of the state assembly would on February 15, the V-C and his team have got another fortnight to conclude the elections for the students union.It is pertinent to mention that AU authorities, in the meeting of its Academic Council (AC) on December 5 had resolved the decision of the formation of Students Representative Council (SRC) at the campus replacing the old format of direct and open elections for the students union.But, on December 22, AU authorities took a U-turn and announced their decision for conducting open and direct elections of the students' union at the earliest virtually paving way for the restoration of the body on the campus as desired by the students.Things would be hectic for the V-C Prof Anil Kumar Singh as he would be under immense pressure to announce the schedule for holding the elections so that the same gets concluded before start of the state assembly elections, said a senior teacher of AU.But now as the AU authorities have decided to drop the idea of SRC and instead go with open and direct elections, the V-C would have to call an emergent meeting of the AC and the resolution taken in the last meeting (December 5), on the issue of going with SRC, would have to be reverted and AC would approve the decision of holding open and direct elections for the students union at the campus. Things would not end here as although Ordinance LXVII of AU, which talks of General Association, does not mentions the regulations under which the elections would be conducted at the campus.Thus, the AC would have to formalise the regulations for holding elections for this 'General Association' and the same would be tabled at the meeting of the Executive Council, even as just the matter of formality and included as reporting item. It would after the meeting the EC, which would be endorsing the said formulated regulations, the AU authorities would be able to conduct the elections for student union.\"Things would get clear only after the V-C resume his office as he has the final say in the entire process. And so for us, it is wait and watch situation,\" said a senior faculty member of AU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338717", "title": "The director\u2019s cut", "text": "2011 was certainly the year of newcomers and no it's not just about debuts 'on' screen but also in the director's chair.Swapna Waghmare Joshi shifted from small screen to B-Town with Himesh Reshammiya's 'Damadamm', Luv Ranjan offered hilarious 'Pyaar Ka Punchnama', Roadies fame Bumpy directed 'Luv Ka The End', Nupur Asthana gave 'Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge' and the list goes on. But the fact is, although none of these movies were big flops but none were blockbusters either.The debutants did a fair job with their director's chairs but failed to make audience stand up and take their notice. Here is 2012, and even before it starts in its full-fledge, a series of director's already standing in queue to put their first bollyflix in front of us and get the ratings right. The interesting fact is, lot of these movies from first-time directors is already in talks and riding high on expectations (and also on moolah), so is it the year when we get another star director?Check this: Remake of Agneepath which stars Hrithik and Priyanka will be the first cut from former assistant of Farhan Akhtar and Karan Johar - Karan Malhotra. Imran and Kareena starrer 'Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu' which will release shortly, will be Shakun Batra's first Bollywood serve. Akshay's comeback to his ever loved 'Khiladi' franchise 'Khiladi 786 - Made In Punjab' is being directed by debut director Ashish R Mohan. After assisting Rajkumar Hirani in his mega hits, Rajesh Mapuskar will attempt to set his luck on the fast track with 'Ferrari Ki Sawaari'. Hugely popular former VJ of channel V, Anu Menon aka Lola Kutty is directing 'London, Paris , New York' starring Ali Zafar and Aditi Rao Hydari. South director Susi Ganesan is also making 'Shortcut Romeo' with Neil Nitin Mukesh and there is also a buzz saying 'Kolavari Di' fame Dhanush is in talks with Hrithik for his Bollywood directorial debut.Only time will tell what the audience decides of these films and their makers, as of now, most we can do is to send them luck! Welcome to the magical town of dreams and reality!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11332944", "title": "2 killed in New Year smash-up in Nerul", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Two persons were killed and four injured in the first fatal accident of the year in Nerul on Sunday afternoon. Heavy police bandobast, however, ensured an accident-free night of revelry on New Year's Eve.Nerul police station senior inspector Rajkumar Chapeau said the victims, Vijay Sambhaji Naikare (41) and his wife Shashikala (36), were driving back to their residence in Nigdi, Pune, in a Maruti Omni, when it was hit from behind by a speeding dumper at L P Bridge along the Sion-Panvel Road.Chaphekar said the couple had earlier gone with friends to attend a religious programme in Bhandup. \"The dumper driver fled from the scene, but we seized his vehicle. It appears the car was crushed between two vehicles on the bridge,'' said Chaphekar. The driver of the vehicle in front of the Omni also fled from the spot.Meenal Sandeep Kamble (35), Ekta Anil Borade (12), Dwarka Anil Borade (35) and Hitesh Suresh Bhagodia (45) have been admitted to a hospital here.Around 260 motorists were booked for drunk driving by the police since Saturday evening. \"We had deployed 186 officials, along with the local police, across the city on December 31, to check for drunk driving. The traffic department booked 164 persons for drunk driving, while the rest were booked by the local police,'' said deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vijay Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ranchi/bokaro", "code": "11331756", "title": "Power cuts add to rain shock", "text": "RANCHI/BOKARO: If incessant rain since morning dampened spirits of New Year revelry on Sunday, long hours of power cut further spoiled the mood of revellers. For: those who were keen to enjoy programmes on television and spend time with family members at home were thoroughly disappointed because of disrupted power supply all day long.Officials of Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) said although there was no snag on part of generation, power was disrupted mainly because of local faults across the state that cropped up all throughout the day.Director public relations JSEB P K Srivastava said two units of the Patratu Thermal Power Station (PTPS), two units of the Tenughat Vidyut Nigam Limited (TVNL) and two units of Sikidiri Hydel Power Plant were generating sufficient power in the evening. \"There was shortage on part of the demand and supply was more than sufficient. This indicated that there must have been local faults which resulted in decreased demand for power,\" he said.Officials at the Hatia grid, however, said two of its feeder suffered breakdown. During the afternoon, the supply was somewhere around 40-45 MW while by evening it went up to 75MW as against the usual peak hour supply of 110 MWs.JSEB superintending engineer Ram Janam Singh said after a thorough check of local faults, power supply was restored in most parts of the state capital. The JSEB has, however, locate the faults at Tatislawai, Namkom, Ashok Nagar and Ratu Road areas. \"It was because of rain that restoration work took longer than usual,\" he said while admitting that they were short of linesmen as most of them were on leave. Linemen engaged in New Year eve revellry were not ready to come for duty on Sunday as a result of which officials had a tough time finding electricians to set the faults right.In Bokaro, several areas of the town witnessed complete blackout with the break down of 132 KV transformers in the Electric Sub-Station of Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL) following a shot circuit on Sunday. Beside few electric feeders in different sectors were also affected due to rain which lashed the city on Saturday.Repairing work at the sub-station was being carried out. BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said efforts were on to supply power phase wise in sector areas with the transformer which is still working. The sub-station consist two transformers of 132 KV each.\"The power supply will normalize soon. Power supply in Sector-I, sector-II, Sector-III, City Centre and other areas were mostly affected due to the breakdown. The breaker and feeder have caused some technical problem,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11333088", "title": "Man held for child\u2019s kidnap and murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The Cuffe Parade police have arrested a man on suspicion for the kidnap and murder of a three-year-old child, whose decomposed body was found near Nariman Point in October last year.Yusuf M Shaikh (32) has been remanded in police custody.On October 20, local children chanced upon the body opposite the Nariman Point fire station. Their parents called the police, who said the body was in such a state of decay that they could not ascertain the gender of the child; her clothes and bangles suggested that it was a girl. The officials sent the body to the forensic laboratory.As the news spread, a couple from Shiv Shakti Nagar approached the police. They said with no power in their chawl for a few days, their daughter had been sleeping on the pavement when someone had picked her up. Identifying the body as their child's, the couple filed a case. While they failed to find a motive behind the crime, the police suspect that the child could have been sexually assaulted before being killed. The officials have been waiting for the forensic report for three months now. \"We have no clue how she died, whether she fell in the gutter or was raped,\" said the police. During inquiry, cops found Shaikh was lying. \"Shaikh said on that day, he was driving taxi somewhere else, but his mobile call report showed he was lying,\" cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11333093", "title": "Students walk for cause of underprivileged", "text": "GUWAHATI: The first day of the new year was an all new experience for the city. The Assam Foundation of North America (AFNA) and the Friends of Assam and Seven Sisters (FASS) won the hearts of Guwahatians with their new endeavour - Guwahati Run and Walk, that sought to spread the message of the need for helping underprivileged children and the marginalized section of the society.Hundreds of students from colleges and schools took part in the run and walk that started and finished at the Latasil playground. It was celebrated with a blend of instrumental music performed by the Eastern Beats Music Society and traditional Dhulias. An instrumental rendition of the song Run Run Run by the Beats Music Society drew the attention of the tourists in the heart of the city. Punk rock performed by the Blue Tooth band was another prime attraction. A circus show by the Dhulias from Narddi village of Nalbari was enjoyed by one and all.People like Lanu A Aimol who runs an NGO for children with special needs in city, Pradip Sarma, the founder of Rickshaw Bank, Kaushik Das, who works among the disabled, Father Lukose, the founder of Snehalaya shelter homes, Pragyalaya and the National Service Scheme (NSS) took part in the programme.\"Some of the participants have contributed half of their salary for the cause of the downtrodden. Coming from the US, I decided to organize the Guwahati Run and Walk here in Guwahati to spread the message of doing something for others and not only celebrate the new year for oneself,\" said Ankur Bora, a software professional living in Texas , who is leading the mission from the front.\"The corporate houses of Assam should follow the global trend,\" Bora noted.One Uttam Teron, who is imparting free education to poor students at his own academy in Guwhati, said, \"The Guwahati Run and Walk was a memorable and encouraging event. We are inspired.\"The Guwahati Run and Walk sought to spread the message of the need for helping underprivileged children and the marginalized section of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331809", "title": "Food Bill could be Cong\u2019s next House headache", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposed National Food Security Act could become the next legislative headache for the Congress in Parliament with its provision banning states from providing subsidized grains to anyone it does not include in the Central beneficiaries list.The provision curtailing the powers of the state government over a 'state subject' based on a Central law and a ceiling devised by Planning Commission officials has got states ruled by opposition parties like AIADMK in Tamil Nadu and JD(U) in Bihar up in arms against the bill tabled in Parliament.The states' views might have to be accommodated as the Parliamentary logjam on the Lokpal Bill underlined. The Congress could find its allies such as the Trinamool Congress in West Bengal too stacked up against the bill making its passage with the subsidy caps difficult. Tamil Nadu has said it should be allowed to continue with its universal coverage scheme.To tide over the poverty cap row on subsidies for foodgrains under PDS, the Congress came up with a convoluted proposal on how beneficiaries would be selected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11331189", "title": "Migratory birds giving city\u2019s water bodies a miss", "text": "PUNE: The winter season used to be a delight for bird watchers, who would await the chance to sight their migratory winged friends who visited the water bodies in and around Pune as the year drew to a close.Unfortunately, the numbers of such birds have gone down drastically and ornithologists complain that fewer migratory birds like small ducks, bar-headed geese, demoiselle crane, pochards, spotted eagle and perigrine felcan are flying in.Noted ornithologist Satish Pande said the declining population of migratory birds can be mainly attributed to pollution, change in crop patterns and habitat loss.He said there was a decline by 70-80% in the number of demoiselle crane visiting Pune over the last five to six years. These migratory birds breed in Central Asia ( Mongolia ) and spend winters in India. Earlier, around 2,000 to 3,000 of them would be seen in the Veer dam, Bhigwan and Phaltan. But now, only 10-15 birds can be sighted. \"One reason could be the change in the crop pattern in the state, especially with the gram crop being replaced by sugarcane.\"Similarly, the wading birds or flamingos would fly in from Iran , Middle East and Gujarat. As compared to the 300 to 400 of these birds sighted earlier, just 20 to 30 of them can be found in Bhigwan and Sewri-Mahul mudflats.\"There has been a 30% to 40% reduction in the bar-headed geese coming from central and northern Asia. They have gone down from thousands to a few hundred. Also, there has been a decline in the number of pochard birds that visit Khadakwasla, Pashan and Ujjani. Pochards are indicators of the availability of fish and water quality. These are diving ducks that feed on fish,\" he added.Even the numbers of spotted eagle migratory birds - that are facing numerous threats - have decreased with the loss of grasslands.Perigrine felcan that migrate from northern Asia and east Europe are also declining in numbers. The other threatened species are the black and white stork. In the last 20 years, there has been a 40% to 50% decline in their numbers in India according to a winter waterfowl census, Pande said.On the other hand, a good number of black-winged stilt birds can be seen. They are a bio-indicator species of polluted water. They can be easily spotted around spots where sewage enters the river and are indicators of pollution, since the birds feed on organisms living in polluted water, he added.Noted ecologist Prakash Gole said that a majority of the migratory birds come to the city and its vicinity from Siberia , central Asia and Himalayas. These birds take stops, replenishing themselves with food as they often cover distances of over 10,000 km.He said that fewer migratory birds are visiting Pashan lake as compared to 15 years ago. The tree planting around the lake makes it difficult for birds to locate their enemies. They like open spaces as they can see approaching enemies. Gole said the same holds true with the Mula-Mutha bird sanctuary in Yerawada. The place is littered with garbage. As a result the number of birds frequenting the eco-system has reportedly decreased. Also, a decrease in bird population can also seen in Kavadi off Pune-Solapur highway, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11333152", "title": "Schoolbus owners defer Monday strike", "text": "MUMBAI: Schoolbus owners have deferred their strike which was to begin on Monday.\"Representatives of the School Bus Owners' Association will meet the principal secretary (transport) on Monday to sort out the issue,\" said Deepak Naik of the association. Depending on the outcome of the meeting, the association will decide on the future course of action.The owners have alleged harassment by RTO officials and are unhappy with some rules specified in the schoolbus safety policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11332123", "title": "Prime slots elude NRI artists", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite organisers being open to having non-resident Indian artists during the music season, it is not easy for them to get prime performance slots.Those who fly down find that the audience doesn't take them seriously as NRI performers are in Chennai only during the season. The organisers are also unsure whether these artists \"can be trusted to do a decent job\", says musician Sushma Somasekharan, who moved to Chennai from Singapore two years ago to pursue a career in music.\"Since NRIs aren't in the city all year, organisers can't assess their potential,\" she says.So, while local artists bag prime slots, NRI's have to wait for their time on stage. To solve this problem, Singapore Indian Fine Arts Society (SIFAS) and carnaticradio. com have started an NRI festival to provide a platform to their students. Most students who pass out of SIFAS, set up more than 60 years ago, don't get to perform in Chennai during the music season, says S Niranjan Nandagopan, treasurer of SIFAS and promoter of carnaticradio.com.\"If you don't perform here during the season, you don't get recognised in the music world.\" Since the wait is long, many students abandon music and get into other professions. Somasekharan says the special fest is a way to be heard during the season. The other, older NRI festival was started by Hamsadhwani sabha 17 years ago.\"We began with four programmes. Now there are more than 30,\" says R Sundar, secretary of Hamsadhwani. He says the profile of participants has changed over the years.\"Today, NRIs learn from gurus in Chennai using Skype . With festivals and reality shows catering to those abroad, performers have greater exposure to classical arts,\" he says. Hamsadhwani's line-up had upcoming artists and senior performers like Melbourne-based Shobha Sekhar, who runs an arts school.\"I started coming for the season because of my passion for music,\" says 50-year-old Sekhar.\"The atmosphere here is very intense and it is a ways to keep in touch with your roots.\" But at the end of the day, if you are serious about a career in Carnatic music then you have to be ready to relocate, says Somasekharan.\"Chennai is the place to be for Carnatic musicians and I started getting more opportunities after moving here,\" says Sekhar, who is planning to bring her students down next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11333779", "title": "New Year celebrations were peaceful", "text": "MYSORE: The first day of the New Year saw heavy rush to centres of worship of all religions in Mysore. Scores of people thronged Chamundi Hills to offer special prayers and as a result traffic on the roads leading to the temple came to a standstill for hours.Foreseeing the rush the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporations operated additional buses on Sunday to the Hills. Hundreds queued up at Sri Yoga Narasimha Swamy temple in Vijayanagar I Stage and Sri Venkateshwara temple on KRS road in Vonti Koppal.According to vendors atop the hill, this for the first time such a crowd is being witnessed at the temple on English New Year. \"We commonly see people visiting the temple on new moon days, during Dasara festival and the annual fair. This is a new experience\" said Ganesh, a coconut vendor atop the hill.Meanwhile, the New Year celebrations went peacefully. Mysore police had taken precautionary measures to avert untoward incidents.The last weekend of 2011 reached its peek on Saturday night with hundreds of people crowding various hotels, resorts and pubs in the city to bid adieu to 2011.DCP (crime) P Rajendra Prasad, said, \"To control over speeding about 100 barricades were placed on the city roads. We had also installed several new reflectors on many roads.\"All the petrol bunks were closed at midnight. Six interceptor vehicles, 12 Police Control Room (PCR) vehicles and commandos were put on duty on New Years' eve.\"All the measures were planned three days advance to ensure that people reach home safely after attending parties. I am happy that our efforts paid off,\" he added.Police were not harsh on the revelers as they did not vigorously pursue cases of drunken driving. \"We didn't want to play a spoilsport,\" a senior official stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332013", "title": "Jan 28 deadline: CBI yet to question AP cops, Shah", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The countdown for CBI's Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter probe to draw to a close has begun. CBI's extended term for probing the encounter, as per the Supreme Court directives, concludes on January 28. Before this date the probe agency is supposed to complete its investigation, make arrests and file a chargesheet in this regard.In April, 2010, SC had handed over the probe to the CBI to look for larger conspiracy behind Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case. CBI officials had then claimed that Tulsiram was the third person who was abducted with Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauserbi from Hyderabad in 2005.Gujarat CID (crime) officials who were probing the case had arrested 11 police officials. However, CBI has not arrested anybody in this case till date. Though CBI officials have probed the Rajasthan connection in Tulsiram case, the Andhra Pradesh module of the conspiracy still remains largely unexplored. AP police had allegedly helped Gujarat police in illegally detaining Sohrabuddin and the two others from a bus in Hyderabad.CBI has grilled many cops who were part of the encounter and the abduction but beyond that little has been done. Other than the cops, chairman and director of Ahmedabad District Cooperative Bank, Ajay Patel and Yashpal Chudasma have also been questioned.According to SC orders, former minister of state for home Amit Shah has stayed outside Gujarat for more than one-and-a-half years. Till date he, too, has not been questioned in this regard. CBI sources said, \"Before arresting anyone in this case, Shah will also have to be questioned.\" When Shah was arrested earlier by CBI in the Sohrabuddin case, he had not been questioned. This had created legal complications for the probe agency.\"In the encounter cases, Gujarat DIG Rajnish Rai had collected call details in a CD and handed over to his superiors. The CD had been sent for analysis in the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL), which concluded that the data has been tampered with. Before being handed over to the CBI, the CD was in custody of top officials of the CID (crime). These officials too are yet to be grilled in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11333843", "title": "College takes yoga route to boost students\u2019 employability", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka's only women engineering college's experiments to equip its students to face the competitive world are paying off. Mysore-based GSSS Institute of Engineering and Technology for Women focuses on soft skills to increase the employability of its students. For this, the college asked the students to take up yoga and meditation, which helped them to land good jobs during the campus placement drive.When in 2007, the college constructed a meditation hall, it was conceptualized as an add-on facility to help the students ease out academic stress. The facility is now being used to accustom the girls to handle stressful situations, thus increasing their employability. \"Today's students are tomorrow's engineers. If students accommodate meditation in their routine, they can handle stress better. Even I do meditation here whenever I feel like,\" said P Prakash, principal.The placement officer M T Arasu said the practice was appreciated by recruiters, especially IT companies. \"If students are trained to deal with tension and to discipline themselves, it will benefit them when they start working. Companies want employees who deliver within deadlines. It is here that yoga and meditation techniques are coming handy for the girls,\" he said.The training classes are not mandatory. \"Influencing is better than insisting. Majority of the students opt for the session even if it is not the part of the curriculum. The specially-designed meditation hall will not be empty at any given point of time,\" he added.His students second the opinion. \"Internals, assignments and projects had made my life stressful. But yoga and meditation has relieved me from study-related tensions. I feel refreshed, whenever I come out of the meditation hall,\" said M G Sahana, a final year student of information science. \"It has also helped me increase my concentration levels,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11333211", "title": "Hotel\u2019s director of bed bouncing insures her bottom for \u00a34m", "text": "LONDON: Bizarre it may appear , but a 39-year -old woman hotel employee in Britain is reportedly having her bottom insured for a whopping \u00a34 million.This is because Natalie Thomas has grabbed a job to test the softness of guests' beds; She will check about 24 beds each day after being appointed director of bed bouncing for a hotel chain, the Daily Express reported.Natalie, who was given the job after impressing with her ability to feel even the smallest lump or bump in a mattress, will test how comfortable Premier Inn's 46,000 beds are.She takes care of her prized asset with regular moisturising and does not wear materials, such as denim jeans, which lessen sensitivity . So important is her bottom that the firm is in talks to insure it for \u00a34 million.Natalie said, \"I absolutely love my new job - it's a dream come true. While it can be fun bouncing on beds, I take my job very seriously as making sure every guest gets a good night's sleep is of paramount importance to the hotel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336530", "title": "No Akon, Rihanna for Simbu!", "text": "Love does make the world go round and Simbu decided to reinforce this message by releasing The Love Anthem.He has produced the song himself and sources say that the team behind the song hopes it can replicate the recent success of other songs that went viral. But contrary to media reports that he had roped in Akon and Rihanna to feature in the song, as of now, he has not got any international singer!The actor himself trashed the rumours going around by posting on his social networking page that while the international version is ready neither of these two artists are singing in it.The buzz in the industry is that he's off to the US to sign up an international artist and record the song. Some people floated the names of Rihanna and Akon to create hype around the song.The actor added on his page, \"Will officially announce who it is until then konjam wait pannungapa!!!\" The actor tweeted, \"suggest me one male and one female international artist for the final version of love anthem!!!\"It looks like he himself is on the search for an artist who will finally sing the song with him when he heads to Los Angeles on January 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabda", "code": "11332533", "title": "Man stabs woman to death to take revenge", "text": "HYDERABDA: A 40-year-old woman was stabbed to death by a person bearing a grudge against her family, at Amberpet's Raghunathnagar on Sunday morning. Amberpet police said that Padma died after she was attacked by Santosh, also a resident of Raghunathnagar, at her residence.According to police, Santosh's sister Shashirekha committed suicide several months back after one of Padma's family members allegedly let her down in love.ince then, Santosh had been reportedly bearing a grudge against Padma's family members. On Sunday morning, he came to her house and attacked her with a sharp weapon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon/new delhi", "code": "11331313", "title": "Citbank fraud: Citi failed to act on scam warning signals, says probe report", "text": "GURGAON/NEW DELHI: The Rs 400-crore fraud unearthed in Citbank's Gurgaon branch in December 2010 could have been averted if the bank staff had taken the warning signals seriously, according to an internal investigation carried out by the bank.The probe report, a copy of which is with TOI, reveals that some suspicious transactions by alleged scam mastermind Shivraj Puri were detected way back in 2008, but no substantial action was taken.Citi Security and Investigative Services (CSIS), a security and investigative team that protects the assets, integrity and reputation of the bank had submitted a detailed investigation report in May, almost five months after the scam was detected.Responding to a detailed questionnaire, a bank spokesperson stated, \"Citi has been cooperating with the regulators and the investigating agencies and will continue to do so, to bring the perpetrators of this fraud to justice. Since the matter is still under investigation and is subjudice, Citi will not be able to provide further comments at this stage.\"The CSIS report mentions that during investigations of Puri's fraudulent activities in 2010 it was disclosed that in May 2008 unusual activity within the staff accounts of Puri and his wife Nidhi was identified by the bank's fraud risk management unit through the banking early alerts tracking system.The internal investigation records that the alert was referred to managers in the Gurgaon branch. \"Several officials in the bank were aware of this and were involved in email discussion. However, the investigation and disciplinary process appeared disjointed and uncoordinated. No single party appears to have taken responsibility for resolving the issue. Instead the assumption appears to have been widely held that someone else was or should have been responsible. The end result was that no formal action was taken,\" the report states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331996", "title": "Development fee at IGI raises new controversy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Collection of a development fee (DF) at the Delhi airport has become embroiled in fresh controversy, with the consumer affairs ministry asking the airport regulator to credit around Rs 1,500 crore already collected by operator DIAL to the Consumer Welfare Fund.The collection of DF at the Delhi airport from December 1 has already been in a controversy as the legality of the decision of the Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) to allow it has been challenged in the Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338844", "title": "Nagarjuna to open an upmarket eatery", "text": "Actor Nagarjuna and his business partner Preetam Reddy are at it again. The duo that launched nightclub Touch and went on to launch the very successful N Bar and Grill followed by their convention centre, N Convention, have another venture in the offing.The actor is currently busy working towards wrapping up the finishing touches of his fine-dining restaurant located in the posh locality of Jubilee Hills in Hyderabad. \"The eatery was originally conceptualized to be an upmarket bistro and cafe on the lines of those that dot France and Italy's streets, but the duo had a change of heart and finally zeroed onto launching a two-floored swanky restaurant,\" says a source.Going by the success the actor has had along with good-friend and partner Preetam Reddy - husband of former Mrs India and Kingfisher calendar model-turned-designer Shilpa Reddy - in Hyderabad's hospitality sector so far, Tollywood personalities are eagerly awaiting for the launch of Nag's latest venture. \"The actor is nowadays spending a good chunk of his time at the venue along with interior designers, speeding up the completion of the project. The restaurant that boasts of private dining sections, is expected to be launched by February amid much fanfare in the attendance of T-town celebs,\" adds the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11332136", "title": "Pongal bonus for govt staff, pensioners", "text": "CHENNAI: As a new year gift, the Tamil Nadu government announced bonus ranging between Rs 500 to Rs 3,000 for its employees and pensioners to be disbursed on the occasion of the Pongal festival. The bonus will cost the state exchequer Rs 264 crore , an official release said.The government has declared a bonus of up to Rs 3,000 to C and D group employees besides a special bonus of Rs1,000 to the A and B group employees. While pensioners, family pensioners and former village administrative officers will get a Pongal gift of Rs 500 for the year 2010-11, C and D group employees will get 30-day wages up to Rs 3,000, an official release said.A special bonus of Rs 1,000 will be given to salaried employees who have worked for at least 240 days in a financial year, employees with consolidated pay, nutritious meal workers besides anganwadi and mini anganwadi workers of Integrated Child Welfare Scheme.Village assistants, workers of Panchayati Raj department getting special timescale of pay, panchayat assistants, people welfare employees, contractual workers, temporary contractual workers, daily wage workers and partial daily wage workers will also get the special bonus of Rs 500, it said. This bonus will be given to all teachers and officers working in government aided institutions or institutions run by local bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331560", "title": "JJ super specialty hospital plan up for approval", "text": "MUMBAI: The state cabinet is expected to discuss a plan for setting up a super specialty hospital on the premises of the state-run JJ Hospital. The hospital wants to construct a 19-storey tower with a capacity of 800 beds. Apart from the outpatients' department on the ground floor, the plan is to shift the neurosurgery, cardiac surgery, urology, and plastic surgery departments into the new building. Two existing buildings within the premises will have to be razed for the tower. The facility is expected to cost the state Rs 473 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11333121", "title": "AASU extends blockade to Jan 4", "text": "JORHAT: The All Assam Students Union (Aasu) on Sunday extended their blockade on NHPC to January 4.Aasu general secretary Tapan Kumar Gogoi said, \"We have decided to extend the ongoing blockade against the NHPC's Lower Subansiri project by three days as the state government has not yet talked to us on the matter. We have been compelled to extend it to January 4 as the government has not addressed our demands so far.\"\"We are always ready to sit in a discussion with the government on the big dam issue and a letter has been sent to the chief minister in this regard. But, the CM and his government are yet to respond to our demands,\" Gogoi alleged.He also added, \"We are not against development. But we cannot allow anything that threatens the life, culture and livelihoods of the common people. We are in favour of small hydro-projects for meeting the power requirements in the state, and also to avoid large-scale downstream impact. That is why we are for scrapping of the Lower Subansiri project. But since the government is not ready to listen to our demands, we have decided to carry on with our agitation,\" the Aasu leader said.Gogoi said from Monday Aasu and and 26 organizations representing different ethnic groups will resume their agitation at Gogamukh in Dhemaji district.\"Our activists will also keep vigil on movement of construction material for the project at Kokrajhar, Dhubri, Bongaigaon, Goalpara, Barpeta, Nalbari, Kamrup (rural), Darong, Sunitpur, Nagaon and Lakhimpur districts. Our activists will stop the movement of trucks in these places,\" Gogoi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11333208", "title": "Anjaw shines in hydro power sector", "text": "ITANAGAR: The remote Anjaw district of Arunachal Pradesh is marching ahead to notch a record in the hydropower sector and is being hailed as the future powerhouse of the country with a 58,000 MW hydropower potential.Kaho, a village in the district located near Kibithoo along the tri-junction of the China-Myanmar-India border, had created a record in 2007 by becoming the first village in the state to have round-the-clock power supply besides supplying power to the Army personnel guarding the frontier.This feat was achieved thanks to the determination of the lone elected representative of the district, Kalikho Pul, and the equally committed deputy commissioner, Prashant S Lokhande. The two officials were instrumental in commissioning a micro hydel project in the last border village, a 24-hour trek away from last pitch road, for which all the machines and material had to be transported manually.The duo's efforts in turning the odds to their advantage made Anjaw the first of the 17 districts in the state to commission many of the ongoing projects.Pul, who toured the district and inspected all the project sites recently, said the 2X100 KW Yapak, 2X50 KW Khrowtipani, 2X250 KW Matinala and 2X250 KW Teepani projects were commissioned recently and made the border district self-sufficient in power.At the moment, Hawai, Hayuliang, Goiliang, Manchal, Walong, Kibithoo and Metengliang administrative centres and adjoining villages are getting 24-hour uninterrupted power supply, Pul said, adding that various development activities would begin now with availability of power, thereby boosting the local economy as well.Located along the Sino-India border, the district is spread across an area of 9,936 sq km and crisscrossed by numerous perennial rivers, including Lohit, Dav, Dalai, Lati, Kulong, Syang, Helei, Yapak and Kathang, has total hydropower potential of above 7,000 MW.The projects - 2X50 KW Hatipani at Goiliang, 2X30 KW Ashapani, 2X100 KW Kachopani, 2X30 KW Maipani and 2X200 MW Langpani at Gamliang - are likely to be commissioned within a month or two, Pul informed.He added despite the locational and other disadvantages, the projects could register speedy growth because of proper utilization of funds and strict monitoring.The hydropower projects were taken up with the vision to benefit the locals as well as the state in general, he said, adding the 16 MW Haleipani project, which is at an advanced stage, is likely to be commissioned within 2012. \"It will cater to the needs of Lohit, Dibang and Changlang districts besides meeting the requirements of Anjaw,\" he added.However, according to official sources, no steps have been initiated so far for erecting transmission lines for evacuation of excess power to be generated by the Haleipan project. Once the transmission lines are commissioned the state would be almost self-sufficient and would not need to purchase power at high prices from outside.Pul added as the Haleipani project is on the verge of completion, the state government, particularly the hydropower department, should take up the transmission line project proposed in Anjaw. The project is pending with the department for the last many years. Without the transmission lines, any quantity of power generated would be futile as it cannot be utilized for any purpose, he said.Kaho, a village in the district located near Kibithoo along the tri-junction of the China-Myanmar-India border, had created a record in 2007 by becoming the first village in the state to have round-the-clock power supply", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11338528", "title": "Rupert Murdoch learns tweet's flip side fast", "text": "WASHINGTON: Media mogul Rupert Murdoch has joined Twitter, and on his first day offered opinions on subjects including the US presidential election, the Oscars race and Steve Jobs.Users of the popular microblogging site were initially suspicious that an account opened by one \"Rupert Murdoch\" on New Year's Eve may be fake. But its authenticity was confirmed by Twitter founder Jack Dorsey who said: \"With his own voice, in his own way, @RupertMurdoch is now on Twitter.\"Within 24 hours, the 80-year-old News Corp chairman and chief executive had amassed more than 26,000 followers, 'The Daily Telegraph' online reported.During that time he sent out over a dozen tweets, first being \"Have just. Read The Rational Optimist. Great book.\"He later noted the \"huge appeal\" of US presidential candidate Ron Paul's libertarian message, and said it was good to see Rick Santorum surging in Iowa . He said: \"Regardless of policies, all debates showed principles, consistency and humility like no other.\"Murdoch also appeared to have watched several films over the festive period, stating that he loved \"We Bought a Zoo.\" He said George Clooney deserved an Oscar for his performance in \"The Descendants.\"The media mogul also said that a biography of Steve Jobs had been \"interesting but unfair\", and revealed his opinion that Alexander Hamilton was the \"best man never elected president\".However, Murdoch did not share any thoughts on the phone hacking scandal with his followers.His appearance on Twitter was not welcomed by all. Lord Prescott , former deputy prime minister of Britain, said: \"Hey @rupertmurdoch. I'm surprised you're only following two people. The police said it was at least 800.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338985", "title": "Ajay Devgan a big prankster: Arjan Bajwa", "text": "When a senior actor offers you some food delicacy on the sets of a film, it's natural to be unsuspecting and accept it happily.But little did actor Arjan Bajwa know that Ajay Devgan was just playing a prank on him. Bajwa, who recently worked with Sonakshi Sinha , Ajay Devgan and Sanjay Dutt in Son of A Sardar, shares, \"It was a whole lot of fun on the sets, and Ajay sir would keep cracking jokes. But I had no idea that he is a master at playing pranks too. One day, he came on the sets and offered us gajar ka halwa, saying that it was one of the best that he had tasted in his life. We were only too happy to have it, only to realize later that it was crushed red chilli powder. The paste actually looked so much like gajar ka halwa. We had a tough time after eating it. But all of it was done in very good humour.\"The actor, who has made his mark with strong performances in films like Guru and Fashion, says that getting fitter is his goal for 2012, \"I work out regularly and happen to have a black belt in taekwondo. I am training harder than ever before and my new year resolution is to be in the best shape of my life by 2012.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331730", "title": "Statues at Maidan decked up in festive colours", "text": "KOLKATA: This New Year, the Maidan is looking prettier and shining brighter in the evening, for chief minister Mamata Banerjee has directed the PWD to clean the statues on Maidan and illuminate them especially to ring in 2012.Also, dazzling are the statues of Karl Marx , Friederich Engles and comrade Saroj Datta, located - all three statues at Curzon Park.Read this how you may, but it means that either the chief minister is not aware that her instruction would also lead the statues of some of the greatest inspirations of the Communists in Bengal to be illuminated, or that she was open enough to let such a thing happen.Mamata Banerjee might dislike the Communists in Bengal to the core, but perhaps she does not have anything against those who inspired them.Interestingly though, PWD officials were not quite sure whether to include Vladimir Lenin in this special drive and whether it might draw the chief minister's ire. Nor can you completely blame them neither call it a gaffe, for Lenin's statue may or may not be considered to be part of the Maidan. The statue stands on the north-east corner of Esplanade, adjoining the Curzon Park.All statues in the Curzon Park have been cleaned up and illuminated, including those of Karl Marx, Friederich Engles and comrade Saroj Datta. Within the Curzon Park, there are also statues of Henry Louis Vivian Derozio, Surendranath Banerjee, Iswar Chandra Vidyasagar , Rani Rashmoni and Hariram Goenka.In the Maidan area, there are statues of Mahatma Gandhi , Gosto Pal, Jawaharlal Nehru, Subhas Chandra Bose, Shri Aurobindo, Matangini Hazra, Pritilata Waddedar, Indira Gandhi , the Police Memorial among others.The statues are generally cleaned towards January end every year as part of the preparations for Republic Day parade and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose's birth anniversary. For the rest of the year, the statues are not cleaned on a regular basis. Neither any special initiative is taken by the government to improve the city's appearance during the end of the year - around Christmas and New Year. It is only Park Street that wears a festive look during this time of the year.This is the first time that the state government has taken the initiative to illuminate Park Street. All these years, illumination of Park Street during Christmas and New Year was entirely initiated by entrepreneurs on Park Street.This year, apart from the steps taken for Park Street, the CM was also keen that the lovely stretch along the Maidan - which is perhaps one of the prettiest parts of the city - should add to the festive feel.She instructed officials on December 30 - on Friday -that the statues on Maidan will have to be cleaned immediately and especially illuminated from the beginning of the New Year. Officials have worked against time in the weekend to hire LED lights to install them near the statues.\"There was no time to purchase new LED lights, so we had to hire them,\" said an official. There was not even time to calculate how much it would all cost - but \"it would be approximately about Rs 20,000 for the time being\".The statues will remain illuminated for a while now.\"We have no instruction to take them off immediatelyafter the first day of the year. Possibly, it will remain like this at least for a while - and continue all winter, till the festive spirit is in the air,\" the official added. It will remain till there are further instructions to take off the illumination, he added.Chances of these statues being kept illuminated permanently can also not be ruled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330737", "title": "Smartphones, tablets feel the heat", "text": "PUNE: The increasing preference of people to use smartphones and tablet PCs as their personal computing options will make these devices more and more vulnerable to attacks in 2012 by cyber criminals out to steal information and even financial assets, security research firms have said. Also in a greater danger are users of social networking sites and small and medium businesses, the firms have said in their cyber threats rerports for the current year.Trend Micro has said in its Threat Report for 2012 that as smartphone usage continues to grow worldwide, mobile platforms will become even more tempting to cybercriminal targets. The Android platform, in particular, has become a favorite attack target due to its application distribution model, which makes it completely open to all parties.The firm said mobile platform threats, which so far come in the form of malicious apps, will extend to legitimate apps as well, because cybercriminals will likely find either vulnerabilities or coding errors that can lead to user data theft or exposure.\"Compounding this further is the fact that very few app developers have a mature vulnerability handling and remediation process, which means the window of exposure for these flaws may be longer,\" the report said.The McAfee 2012 Threat Predictions report said that emerging threats from 2011 are on track to become major players for cyberactivity in 2012, including mobile banking, \"legal\" spam and virtual currency. McAfee Labs also predicts that attacks involving political motivation or notoriety will also make headlines, including high-profile industrial attacks, cyberwarfare demonstrations and hacktivist attacks targeting public figures, the report said.Trend Micro said although the craftiest social engineering ploys have been directed against large enterprises to date, cybercriminals are now so adept at social engineering that the effort to target companies - big or small - individually is becoming less costly. This and the greater volume of personal information available online will allow cybercriminals to launch more customised and fine-tuned attacks against small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), the firm said. As in previous attacks against SMBs, cybercriminals will continue focusing on gaining access to companies' online banking accounts, the report added.Large organisations too will expose themselves to attacks as it is these places where Bring-Your-Own-Device concept is becoming more popular. As more and more corporate data is stored or accessed by devices that are not fully controlled by IT administrators, the likelihood of data loss incidents that are directly attributable to the use of improperly secured personal devices will rise, the report has said.Cloud computing too is gaining in popularity but virtual and cloud platforms are just as easy to attack but more difficult to protect. The burden will thus fall on IT administrators who have to secure their company's critical data as they adopt these technologies, the report said. Patching a big array of virtualised servers is a challenge, allowing hackers to hijack servers, to fork traffic and to steal data from vulnerable systems, it said.Amit Nath, country manager for India and SAARC at Trend Micro, said, \"During 2012 and beyond, business will need a more holistic and a smarter security. With the rapid consumerisation of IT and the sophistication of attacks, businesses will need better and faster threat protection that enables business productivity while increasing efficiency and manageability of their security. The upcoming year will see cybercriminals act with even more persistency and sophistication, as the world shifts from the PC-centric desktop toward mobile and cloud computing.\"\"Many of the threats that will become prominent in 2012 have already been looming under the radar in 2011,\" said Vincent Weafer, senior vice president of McAfee Labs. \"Over the past year, the general public has become more aware of some of these risks, such as threats to critical infrastructure or the impact of hacktivism as they gain international media attention. In the meantime, we continue to see cybercriminals improving their toolkits and malware and are ready to make a significant impact in 2012.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331680", "title": "Consumer court fines bank 3 lakh for seizing client's car", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nataranjan Bahidar had done it right for the most part. He'd taken a car loan, paid most of it through ECS (electronic clearing service) and wished to pay the remaining instalments by cheque. With only five more to go, his car was seized by \"goons\" and sold almost immediately. The consumer court, however, does not approve of the use of hired muscle to seize property.The District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (New Delhi), ruled that the consumer \"was not fraudulent in any manner or ...escaping from payment\" and that the bank \"has acted negligently, in the facts of the case, to deserve punitive damages.\" The court has directed the bank to pay Bahidar Rs 3 lakh \"as damages for loss and harassment\" and another Rs 25,000 for litigation expenses.Bahidar had taken the bank loan from Citi Bank in 2000, agreed to pay through ECS (electronic clearing service) and paid all, but nine of 59 EMIs through it. Apparently, he had given \"irrevocable authority\" to the bank to recover loan through ECS but for the last nine, wanted to pay by cheque and directed his own bank to block further transfers. Citi Bank first issued him a notice but later accepted cheque payments for the next four instalments. With five EMIs to go, it issued a \"loan recall letter\" and asked the customer to deposit the outstanding amount with later charges and then decided to repossess the car. On June 15, 2005, four-five recovery agents caught Bahidar in transit and seized his car \"by robbery mode.\" The bank sent a \"pre-sale notice\" the next day (June 16) with a notice to clear dues within a week but actually sold the vehicle for Rs 50,000. It did all this despite having nine \"undated\" cheques from the customer as security and also denied having received any instruction to stop the use of ECS. It argued that the switching over to cheques was in breach of the original agreement with customer.The forum, however, took the view that the bank \"has taken a strict legal position and thrown to winds the reasonable prudence required in such cases.\" The order states the bank's acceptance of the four installments by cheque amounts to a \"rescission of old agreement...by action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335734", "title": "New Year parties in Kolkata", "text": "There were the 'Desi boyz'. There were the 'Chammak challos'. And together they partied as if there was no tomorrow. Their mantra - \"Subah hone na de, saath khone na de, ek doosre ko hum sone na de.\"With barely a few seconds for the clock to strike midnight, DJ ANSHUL at UNDERGROUND, THE HHI, started the countdown. Every single person joined in. And then, it was time for New Year hugs and kisses for each other. Those wanting to connect with their near and dear ones before the lines got jammed, rushed outside, phone in hand, to make that New Year wish. What better way to welcome the event than by playing \"Kolaveri Di\"!Soon after, the DJ went dhinchak with \"Dekha jo tujhe yaar, dil mein baji guitar\"! \"I had to play \"Chammak Challo\", \"Subah hone na de\", \"Kolaveri Di\" and \"Ooh la la\", at least thrice as the party people wanted to dance to these songs in particular. It's good to see the Kolkata people rocking,\" said Anshul. Everyone wanted to have a good time and despite the club being choc-a-bloc with hardly any space to shimmy and shake a leg, people never complained. The reason? Party abhi baki hain!CHAMMAK CHALLO VS KOLAVERI DI A loud cheer rang out when the familiar beats of \"Chammak challo\" blared through the speakers at Venom. The jampacked dancefloor exploded in a collective coordinated hand movement a la SRK and Kareena as DJ Kunal spun the remixed version of the track. But there was more to come! Enter \"Kolaveri Di\", hip hop ishtyle! The soup song was reborn in an international avatar on the turntable and made revellers groove like never before.FROM WALES WITH LOVE \"In the UK, people prefer partying at their homes on New Year's Eve,\" said the beautiful DJ Misy from Wales, who played at Venom as part of her Ministry of Sound world tour. \"The people of Kolkata seriously know how to party! I love the fact that they have a dance move ready for every beat. Tonight, I'll mostly play commercial and progressive house,\" she said as she took over the console a little after midnight.ZERO HOUR Close to midnight, there was a flurry of activity at the club as people got busy with their phones sending last moment texts and BBMs to their loved ones. As DJ Kunal started the countdown, a hush fell over the floor. At exactly midnight, the party people were seen wishing each other. Hugs and kisses galore, it was one happening night of ushering in 2012.While most of the world decided to dance their way into the new year, there were a few who settled down for a cozy dinner at POOLSIDE, FORTUNE SELECT LOUDON. We spotted a gang of guys from IIM, Joka, having a good time. \"We decided to spend New year's Eve away from our academic routines. So we decided to chill out by the pool side,\" said one. At ZODIAC, we spotted cozy couples, happy families and bunch of friends enjoying the lavish buffet spread and the select wine on offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331739", "title": "Speeding vehicles injure 4 cops on night patrol", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five persons, including four police officers, were injured in two separate road accidents in the capital which took place on Saturday night and early on Sunday morning. Both incidents occurred in East Delhi, due to drivers speeding and losing control of their vehicles.In the first incident, which occurred at around 11.45pm on Saturday an overspeeding car hit Sub-Inspector Lallan Prasad and Constable Sonu Rana who were out on night patrol duty on their bike. Both officers were driving on Harish Chand Mathur Marg in East Delhi when the incident occured. After hitting the police officers, the driver fled the scene. A passerby informed the police after which the officers were taken first Lal Bahadur Shashtri hospital from where they were later shifted to Guru Tegh Bahadur hospital. A senior officer said both Lallan and Sonu received head injuries but are now out of danger.When asked about the accident cops said, \"Nobody saw the incident and our officers were unable to note down the number of the erring driver. We have found a few pieces of a broken number plate from the accident spot. This will help us to catch the accused driver soon\".The second accident took place at around 4am on Sunday when a Maruti Swift vehicle rammed into a stationary PCR van near Karkari More in East Delhi. Two police officers who were in the van and a passerby were injured in the incident that took place around 4am on Sunday. Officials said the impact of the collision was so intense that that the PCR van was badly damaged. ASI Tula Ram (59) and Constable Arun Kumar (20) were sitting inside the van when one Nagmani (32), a resident of Ghazipur, was passing by the van. It was then that Diwan Singh (19) who was reportedly driving the Swift hit the van. Singh has been arrested and police are verifying whether he was drunk at the time of the incident.Officials said in both incidents the police officers were not at fault. The police has registered cases of rash and negligent driving in both incidents and are now on the look out for witnesses.Meanwhile, two fatal accidents unrelated to the New Year's festivities took place in the capital. The first accident was reported from Ring Road near Baba Sahib Gurudwara near Ashram Chowk. \"The incident took place on Saturday morning at around 6.34am when a pedestrian was mowed down by a truck. The second accident took place near Ajmeri Gate at around 11.45pm on Saturday night in which a youth was killed and another injured when they were riding back home in their motorcycle from Sadar Bazaar to Kalyanpuri,\" said a senior police officer.The police have registered cases of rash driving in both incidents and are now on the look out for witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335343", "title": "Vidya Balan and Siddharth\u2019s lucky escape", "text": "The two, who were vacationing in New Zealand, left Christchurch just before an earthquake hit the cityVidya Balan has had a spate of good fortune of late. And after the success of her most ambitious role as Silk Smitha in The Dirty Picture, the actress has now narrowly escaped a potentially life-threatening experience. Mumbai Mirror learnt that Vidya and her beau Siddharth Roy Kapur, who were vacationing in New Zealand last week, were in Christchurch a few hours before an earthquake hit the country's largest city on December 23, 2011. A friend of the couple revealed that when they landed at Christchurch, their decision to travel to Queenstown instead kept them from harm's way.The couple's friend explained, \"After Vidya fulfilled all her obligations for The Dirty Picture, the actress wanted to unwind and so, Siddharth and her decided to go to New Zealand. When they landed at Christchurch, they did not want to stay there and instead took off to Queenstown. After they arrived at Queenstown, they got to know about the earthquake in Christchurch. The first quake measured 5.8 on the Richter scale and the second tremor came 80 minutes later and measured 5.3. Needless to say, not only Vidya and Siddharth, but also their families back home were relieved to know that they were safe and had left Christchurch in time.\"Following their stay in Queenstown, they reportedly visited a few other places before they returned to Mumbai on December 30, 2011. \"Despite the earthquake scare, they had a good holiday and spent some much needed quality time together. While Siddharth resumes work today, Vidya still has some time off,\" added the friend of the couple..In the past, Salman and Katrina too, came close to witnessing the natural catastrophe, when they were shooting for Ek Tha Tiger in Turkey . Incidentally, Salman had flown to Mumbai for two days to shoot Bigg Boss 5 and Katrina was not in the vicinity hit by the earthquake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335317", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha uncovers her bold avtar", "text": "The actress shoots her first-ever intimate scene with co-star Ranveer Singh for LooteraThe actress, who in previous media reports said \"As an actor, change is important\", has reportedly shot for a rather intimate scene with Ranveer Singh in director Vikramaditya Motwane's film, which is co-produced by Phantom Production House and Balaji Motion Pictures. A crew member revealed, \"Ranveer and Sonakshi have a very intimate scene in the film, which was shot last week in Film City. A special set recreating Dalhousie was constructed. Ranveer and Sonakshi were quite comfortable while filming the scene. Of course, there were a few retakes.\"One of the producers from the Phantom Production house (on request of anonymity) confirmed the news and said, \"The scene is suggestive and not vulgar. It has been shot very aesthetically. It appears in one of the songs. In the film, Sonakshi and Ranveer are madly in love. Both of them were very comfortable shooting the scene.\"Sonakshi's decision to do the steamy sequence has shocked and awed the industry in the backdrop of her reluctance to do such scenes. The actress, had earlier opted out of Kamal Hasan's Vishvaroobham simply because she was expected to do a similar sequence.Despite repeated attempts, Sonakshi and Ranveer remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331642", "title": "Rain greets city on New Year, won't last", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Meteorological Department has attributed rain in Delhi on January 1 to Cyclone Thane which struck the east coast on Friday.\"The cyclone has carried in moisture from the Bay of Bengal. There has been rainfall in many parts including Delhi and parts of Uttar Pradesh and east Rajasthan,\" said B P Yadav, director, meteorological department. He added that Sunday \"was the first day of winter to have clouds for the whole day.\"However, this weather is not likely to hold. Yadav says that North West India will be free of the impact of Thane by Monday. The cloud will thin on Monday and there should be sunshine in NCR-Delhi and Punjab and Haryana.However, there will also be a drop in night temperatures so citizens can expect nights to be about a degree cooler.Monday will be free of fog too which is expected to hit on January 3 and 4. \"There will be a further dip in night temperature then. It should be about 6 degrees,\" says Yadav. The impact of the western disturbance, he continued, would be felt from January 5 onwards and there may be rain in Delhi, Punjab and Haryana and snowfall in the hills.The weather, however, couldn't play spoilsport for those taking flights on January 1 from Delhi as things ran smoothly at IGI. There were no cancellations or delays due to weather. If there were delays, they were due to conditions in other cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11332813", "title": "New Year programme held at Naini", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A programme was held at Naini wherein addressing the gathering Bishop Prof Rajendra B Lal said that Jesus Christ provided opportunities to all the people but we have to follow of path of love, peace, brotherhood which is given by Jesus. He urged that we should give thank to God for every movement being provided by him.Children Jayasi Lal, Muskan, Radhika, Pratigya etc sang songs on the life of Christ like AMere prabhu jab sang me howe.., Bolo re bolo bhayau, Yeshu hi prabhuu etc. Later community lunch was also organized in which devotees from various districts took part. Sudha Lal, Pro Vice Chancellor of SHIATS, Prof SB Lal, the Registrar Prof AKA Lawrence, director administration Vinod B Lal etc were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336890", "title": "Item numbers are modern versions of the cabaret: Padma Khanna", "text": "\"Item numbers are nothing but the modern versions of the cabaret dances of the 80s,\" avers the renowned actor and Kathak dancer, Padma Khanna, who worked in over 300 movies in a career spanning about 20 years, on her recent visit to the sangam city, and adds, \"Like the cabaret dances these item numbers are also used to add spice in the movies, the only difference is in our times the leading actress never used to perform so frequently like they do today.\"Padma's husband belongs to the Sangam city and she had come here after an interval of 15 years. \"I migrated to US about 15 years ago and since then have not been able to come back to the industry. But I did not let the dancer in me die and am running an academy of kathak dance there by the name Indianica academy.\" Padma shot to fame by playing one of the most important characters of 'Kaikeyi' in the teleserial 'Ramayana'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11333850", "title": "Waste processing: Corp ties-up with private firm", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation will tie-up with a private firm based in Kochi to process the plastic waste generated in the city. Officials associated with the scheme said the corporation has already asked the firm to submit the proposal on January 4.The private firm has agreed to present two proposals for plastic processing. According to the first one, the company will collect soiled plastic waste as such and will transport it for recycling. The second one proposes people to wash the plastic waste and keep it till it is collected by the Clean Well workers, which will then be handed over to the company for recycling.\"The corporation is really interested in both the proposals. As of now the Clean Well workers do not collect the plastic waste. Once the agreement with the private firm is through, the city residents will be freed of plastic waste,\" said D Sreekumar, health officer of city corporation.The cost and viability of the proposals will be crucial, said the officials. Even if the corporation finds the project good enough, the cost of collection of plastic waste and implementation of the entire project have to be settled. Special funds will be raised for the implementation of the project.The corporation will also set up a plastic shredding unit at the industrial plant at Kochuveli to suit the project.\"We have already identified some land for setting up the plastic shredding unit. The presentation of the proposals will be held in the first week of January. Once the corporation council approves of the project, the construction of the shredding unit will be soon initiated,\" explained Sreekumar.However, it is learnt that corporation has dropped its plan to set up shredding units at important market places in the city. The attempt at installing a unit at Manacaud had met with stiff resistance from the locals. The idea was to set up shredding units at Chalai, Manacaud and Palayam to process the plastic waste generated from the markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11331587", "title": "One killed, four injured in various accidents", "text": "INDORE: One person was killed and four others sustained injuries, two of them seriously, in three separate road mishaps on the first day of the New Year here. All the injured have been admitted to various hospitals in the city.Police said on Saturday night, Kamal Singh, 42, son of Dhan Singh, died when a truck rammed into his motorcycle knocking him down. He was on way to home when the truck coming from the opposite direction hit his mobike in the Rajendra Nagar area. He was rushed to MY Hospital where he reportedly died while during treatment, said police. Dhan Singh was a resident of Sai Vihar Colony. Police have impounded the truck but driver is absconding. An offence has been registered against the errant driver and a search has been launched to nab him.In another road accident, two motorcyclists sustained serious injuries when they were hit by a truck bearing registration number MP-09 HG 3874 near a petrol pump at Rau.Police said that Sunil Pal and Praveen Kumar Parihar sustained injuries and were admitted to MY Hospital here. They are recuperating at the hospital.In the third accident, a recklessly driven dumper (MP -09 HB 3828) mowed down a man and his son injuring them critically in Betma last night. The duo was on way to home when the speeding dumper knocked them down.The boy, identified as Amzad, is said to be in a critical condition, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11332839", "title": "Flights to 27 EU nations will have to pay carbon tax", "text": "MUMBAI: From January 1, carbon emissions by aircraft flying into 27 European Union (EU) countries, including the UK will be measured as the airline industry will come under the EU emission trading scheme, making carriers that exceed their carbon limit liable to pay a carbon tax.There will be no immediate impact on airfares as the tax will come into effect only after an airline has crossed its carbon emission limit as laid down by the EU. But if an alternative is not worked out by the Indian government and other countries that are opposed to this EU scheme, the one-way cost of an air ticket from India could eventually go up by about Rs 350-750, depending on the length of the trip, say industry experts. Under the scheme, emissions will be measured for the entire length of the trip, irrespective of whether the flight begins or ends at an EU airport. So, for a Mumbai-London flight, the carbon emissions will be measured from the time the aircraft starts moving in the Mumbai airport.None of the airlines in India that fly to Europe had received any communication from EU on the carbon emission upper limit. Once an airline crosses that limit, it will need to buy carbon credits through the emission trade scheme. The Indian government has continued its fight against the scheme. A high-level meeting was held by the ministry of civil aviation (MOCA) officials with representatives from two countries on Tuesday, as MOCA continues to garner support globally against the EU scheme.In September, India along with 26 countries, including the US, China, Canada and Brazil had signed a joint-International Civil Aviation Organisation ( ICAO) declaration opposing the EU scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11333869", "title": "Two Delhi flights cancelled, some delayed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Scores of flyers were stranded at Amausi Airport on Sunday morning as rain disrupted flights. Several flights connecting city to Delhi and Mumbai got delayed while a few domestic flights were running late, said an official. However, some flights were cancelled also.An Oman air flight from Muscat was running four hours behind schedule. Two early morning fights between Lucknow and Delhi were cancelled. Departure of flights was marginally affected, claimed officials. \"Except for the flight between Lucknow and Mumbai , which was late by two hours, no other flight was delayed by more than 20 minutes,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11333710", "title": "Goon held for prisoner\u2019s murder", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Medical College police have on Sunday held Gym Hakeem who is alleged to be behind the death of a fellow prisoner. Police officials said that Hakeem was caught from the city in the morning.The case against Hakeem pertains to the murder of Sreedharan at the Poojapura sub jail two weeks ago. Sreedharan, who had been admitted to the Medical College police cell on December 19 with head injuries, died the next day. The relatives raised suspicion over his death and an inquiry was ordered.It revealed that Hakeem, who was also a prisoner at the sub jail picked up a fight with Sreedharan over sharing of food. In a fit of rage, Hakeem held Sreedharan by his head and smashed it against the wall. Hakeem had been imprisoned under the Goonda Act and was released a day after Sreedharan was admitted to the hospital. Hakeem will be presented before the court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332675", "title": "Dull affair on city outskirts", "text": "PATNA: It was a low-key celebration for majority of people living in Khagaul, Danapur and Phulwari areas located on the outskirts of Patna on New Year's Day. There was no picnic or celebration on the roads as witnessed in the past due to inclement weather on Sunday. Many people preferred to celebrate the day in privacy with family members due to intermittent drizzles.However, the day being Sunday, it evoked a lot of excitement among the youths at these places.For the young college girls, it was a lot of fun and frolic. \"We preferred to celebrate the day in our houses with homemade items on the menu,\" said Rajeshwari and Jyoti. Several houses, shops, railway and army clubs were tastefully decorated to welcome the New Year in Khagaul and Danapur cantonment. To attract customers, many shops had announced 'rebate' and 'gifts' on the New Year. However, shops selling greeting cards remained the centre of attraction for all at these places.Senior citizens lacked enthusiasm and spirit of the New Year. For them, it was just a normal day, like any other day because of bad weather. However, they were optimistic that the New Year would herald peace and prosperity for all in the country.During pre and post-independence period, say till 1970s, Khagaul and Danapur used to be places for gala celebration of New Year. It used to start from the Christmas day and continue till January 1 every year. A fair sprinkling of Anglo-Indian people, who used to serve in railways and army, celebrated the day in their own style.Reminiscing the past nostalgically, a few Anglo-Indians said that the New Year celebration each year was a message to all that love is the essence of life. Old-timers say they miss the earlier celebration now. \"There is too much noise nowadays on the New Year day,\" said an old-timer, R P Tarun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338605", "title": "Abida Parveen and Runa Laila to judge Sur-Kshetra", "text": "The three-month long song-based reality show, which will have two teams represented by singers Himesh Reshammiya and Atif Aslam will be shot in Dubai .To be aired on Sahara One, the show is being interpreted as the much-awaited opportunities for singers from both the nations. In an interview to a website, Atif said that the concept will be a hit with the masses who long to see talents from both the nations.Besides great singing potential, the viewers will also get a sneak peak into Pakistani and Indian cultures. Interestingly, the show will be judged by popular Indian singer Suresh Wadkar along with Pakistani female singers Abida Parveen and Runa Laila. This is for the first time that Abida Parveen and Runa Laila will be judging an Indian reality show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337141", "title": "Mallika Sherawat's playing hide-n-seek?", "text": "Curious are the ways of Mallika Sherawat . For some unusual reason the actress likes moving around incognito.At airports, she has often been spotted wearing a burkha. But lately, Mallika has been seen wearing caps and glares. We saw her at a dance rehearsal trying to hide from the public glare attired in cap, wearing glares and jeans.We don't like this de-glam, drab, de-sexed new look of Mallika. We prefer the sexy hot one!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11339424", "title": "It\u2019s no slowdown in Silicon Valley", "text": "Every so often, the best parties come to represent moments in time. Think of Truman Capote's Black and White Ball in 1966, the celeb-studded Liberty Island launch of Tina Brown's ill-fated 'Talk' magazine in 1999, and private equity maven Stephen A Schwarzman's 60th birthday bash in 2007, which featured Rod Stewart .Sean Parker's bacchanal for the streaming music service Spotify on September 22 in San Francisco may well join the ranks of these epic affairs. The Facebook billionaire-portrayed by Justin Timberlake as a swaggering lush in 'The Social Network' -turned an abandoned warehouse in the city's Potrero District into a couchfilled pleasure palace.Waiters served piles of lobster, sushi, and roast pig while journalists each were presented their own $300 bottles of DeLeon Tequila. As Mark Zuckerberg , Apple designer Jony Ive , author Danielle Steel, and other guests mingled, acts including Snoop Dogg , Jane's Addiction, and the Killers-flown in on private jets-performed for the well-lubricated crowd. \"All the recording artists here might not have shown up if they knew I was a nerd,\" said an exuberant Parker from the stage.In Silicon Valley, all the 'Sturm und Drang' of 2011 seemed as relevant as the Cricket World Cup. High unemployment? Crippling debt? Not in Silicon Valley, where the fog burns off by noon and it's an article of faith that talented, hardworking techies can change the world and reap unimaginable wealth in the process.\"We live in a bubble, and I don't mean a tech bubble or a valuation bubble. I mean a bubble as in our own little world,\" says Google chairman Eric Schmidt . \"And what a world it is: Companies can't hire people fast enough. Young people can work hard and make a fortune. Homes hold their value. Occupy Wall Street isn't really something that comes up in daily discussion, because their issues are not our daily reality.\"It was never clearer than in 2011 that Silicon Valley exists in an alternate reality -- a bubble of prosperity. Restaurants are booked, freeways are packed, and companies are flush with cash. The prosperity bubble isn't just a state of mind: Times are as good as they've been in recent memory.The region gets 40% of the country's venture capital haul, up from 31% a decade ago, according to the National Venture Capital Assn. And the US Bureau of Labor Statistics recently reported that growth of the area's job market led the nation, jumping 3.2%, triple the national rate.Even real estate, a cesspool of despair in the rest of the country, is humming along. It's next to impossible to get a table on a weekend night at the Rosewood in Menlo Park , a watering hole for Sand Hill Road's technology financiers where the oliveoil-poached steelhead goes for $36. The closest we got to \"Occupy: Cupertino\" was the line outside Apple stores in October for the iPhone 4S.It's tempting to view this latest Golden Age with scepticism, a boom as fleeting and disappointing as the one in the late 1990s, before the dot-com crash. But the strengths underlying the Valley's optimism appear more solid this time around. Google, Facebook, and Twitter each have hundreds of millions of users around the world and, at least in the first two cases, solid revenues.Valley companies that went public this year, such as LinkedIn and Pandora Media, have actual profits, and Zynga's initial public offering on December 16-though shares fell slightly in early trading-was the exclamation mark at the end of a thunderous sentence. The offering added yet another Valley billionaire to the regional club: founder Mark Pincus , whose net worth now hovers around $1.3 billion. Even blue chips such as Cisco and Intel , punished by the stock market for missing big market shifts, are notching record revenue.Doomsday isn't a pending threat here, it's office art: Photos of mushroom clouds adorn the lobby of fast-rising venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz . Turbulence in the rest of the world may actually be helping Silicon Valley, as wealthy Russians and Chinese send their kids to school here and compete to park their riches in the region's most promising startups.\"There's always the sense that the storms are happening in other people's worlds,\" says Paul Saffo , a futurist and veteran Valley watcher. \"Nobody stops buying smartphones just because they are having an insurrection.\" The downside of the prosperity bubble is that Silicon Valley could be falling out of touch with the rest of the world. That danger was well illustrated this year by a startup called Color Labs, which was lavishly funded with $41 million from investors such as Sequoia Capital and Bain Capital even before it even had a product with actual users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336124", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan on who the real Indian is", "text": "As Amitabh Bachchan gets ready to host another season of the most famous television game show Kaun Banega Crorepati(KBC); the actor says ``I am really excited about KBC. The entire experience has been quite revealing.We started KBC in the year 2000. It has been 11 years. Shah Rukh Khan did it for one season. Many other things changed. The channels changed. However it has been a long period for a game to show and then to last with this kind of a success. It is also very astonishing.''According to the Big B, the tag line, koi bhi insaan chota nahin hota is actually what made the earlier season of KBC so popular. Says Hindi cinema's biggest legend,``My world was enriched after I got a chance to interact with people of small towns which you and I haven't heard of before. I consider myself a person from a small town. However I have spent time in Kolkata and Mumbai after that for over four decades.But the capability, the knowledge, the thought process of the people from these small towns in India fascinated me. Whether it is their view on society or the country or whether it is their views on morality or religion or whatever, a lot of us are able to think like them. We can learn a lot from them.``I'm amazed that someone who is earning a meagre salary of 3-4000 rupees a month, runs a household so efficiently and still manages to enrich the lives of so many people with their positivity; that has been a remarkable discovery for me. And I am sure for most people. After the KBC experience I realised most of us in the metros and big cities are not in touch with real India at all. Real India belongs to those people some of who I interacted with on the hot seat.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11333518", "title": "Mangaloreans ring in New Year 2012 in style", "text": "MANGALORE: Even when there were a minute for the clock to chime 12, ringing in the New Year 2012, there was a rare type of bonhomie seen on the city's streets. Those on the wheels stopped their vehicles, got down and hugged total strangers, who too returned it in good measure of hug, behind a huge collective cheer and din of fireworks of welcoming the New Year.There was energy crackling among the youth, who had queued up at the liquor stores since 7pm to buy their favourite drink. A wine shop owner said that rush was huge, but this is to be expected on an occasion like this. \"It's better to buy (both food and liqour) and enjoy than spend huge amounts at hotels,'' said Diganth H, an engineering student.Party animals were seen thronging the hotels and venues where parties had been organized after 10pm. Parties and New-Year balls were organized in different parts of the city like Panambur Beach, Ladies Club and restaurants. The beach party was an exclusive one with most of the affluent crowd making a beeline for it. Sources said even after the party got over due to restrictions, most of the crowd enjoyed their first few hours of the New Year strolling or sitting on the beach.For the GenY, there were a few places that offered solace as most of the hotels had barred stags. Techie Sushanth S said that he partied hard till early morning at his friend's house in the outskirts of the city. \"The benefit was that there was no restriction of time plus the cost was much less than what hotels charged for entry,'' he said.BPO employee from Bangalore Sunil Y said: \"I miss the capital and its vibrancy. I enjoyed dancing at a hotel on the outskirts where single entry was allowed. But 12.30am was too early to end the celebrations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11331173", "title": "Obtaining RTI info from NMC a tough job", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite stringent directives from the central and state government to make it easy for applicants to obtain information under Right to Information Act (RTI) Act, officials in many Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) office continue to take applications lightly. Dilly-dally tactics and indifferent treatment to applicants is described as natural in NMC.The two most common problems being created by officials are refusal to accept applications by directing applicants to other officials, and giving incomplete information. Besides, officials pay least interest towards the applicants and do not follow time period as prescribed in the RTI Act.RTI activist Avinash Prabhune told TOI officials do so purposely, to discourage applicants. \"I have faced numerous problems while obtaining information under RTI Act. The officials have to provide information within 30 days or give appropriate reasons. This never happens, most of the times. Even the reply to the application is not sent within given time. Besides, information provided is many a times not at all related to what we demand. I have got good experience of these problems at many government institutions like Central Railway, Mahatransco and other too,\" he said.Even the media has had to face such indifferent attitude from officials at NMC towards RTI applicants. This correspondent filed an application under RTI Act with NMC's general administration department (GAD) on October 25, 2011. The official concerned at GAD sent letters to eight departments, directing them to provide information at their level.Officials from six departments have replied that the query was not related to their department. The information was made available from one of the two remaining departments, but that too just photo copies of official documents. Many of the officials do not know that reply also has to be given in written, or in yes or no format.There was no reply within the 30 days from the remaining department, which was Mangalwari Zone. The office later called up the correspondent, to come and collect the information. Asked about the lack of replies via letter, deputy engineer VW Gabhane said it was routine practice to inform applicants on phone. \"NMC has not given us any training to make us aware about the process,\" said the officer.Additional deputy municipal commissioner (GAD) Sanjay Nipane that NMC has conducted camps to train officials. \"There might be some negligence from one or two officials, but no major complaints have come forward even though there are large number of departments at NMC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11339334", "title": "Mumbai girls sing a fitting reply to Danush!", "text": "Actor Danush sure has sparked off an unstoppable trend of \"Kolaveri Di\" spin-offs! In yet another comeback to the song, a gang of girls from Mumbai have decided to answer all the questions that his 'heart break' song poses to womankind! And the result is - \"That's why Kolaveri Di\"This song already has 893,900 views within a week of its upload on YouTube ! The spoof opens with the opening words of Danush's track - \"Yo boys, I am sing song\" which is immediately followed by the girls' retort - \"Girls are also singing this song... it's not a soup song, but a tight slap song.\" And with lyrics like \"Boys want to flirt-u flirt-u, girls-u think love-u. Boys fear commit-u commit-u, run away from wedding-u\", this song is about girl power, all the way!The video is fun too. It is directed by Rajiv Khinchi and sung by Swati Verma and Poonam Khinchi, who has also written the lyrics. Shot in a car in Mumbai, the girls seem determined to make an angry dig at Danush for claiming that girls are the cause of his \"Kolaveri\". \"Cow-u cow-u, holy cow-u, he gave me bump-u.... while I'm struggling on, he is watching porn...\" sing the girls accusatory before declaring with satisfaction - \"That's why kolaveri, kolaveri di...\"While the girls are enjoying their share of success with this hit spin-off, we didn't have the heart to tell them that the \"di\" (referring to the female heartbreaker) should have been changed to the male \"da\" when they came up with this comeback!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11331101", "title": "Revellers leave litter on state's golden beaches", "text": "PANAJI: While churches ushered in the New Year preaching compassion towards the marginalized, hordes of beggars descended along the Goa coastal belt literally meting out harassment to New Year revellers.And as the first day of the New Year dawned, locals along the beach belt were met with repulsive scenes. Plastics, empty liquor bottles and all kinds of thrash including human excreta littered the beaches. Drunken tourists slept on the beaches, near their cars on roadsides and, in Calangute some even in the fields.Residents around Miramar, accustomed to their early morning beach walks, were also repulsed by the nasty sights and smells of human waste. So too were Colva locals who were met with large amounts of garbage strewn on the white sands.Calangute locals complained of how beggars laid siege to the beach belt in the last few days. According to John Lobo, who runs a beach shack at Baga, the Tito's lane had at least 50 female beggars harassing tourists as late as 3am during the last few days. \"It's so cold in the night. But these beggar women are out with small babies in their arms forcing people to give them alms,\" Lobo said.Hoteliers on the main Calangute beach road are confident it is an organized racket. There were a few beggars earlier but in the last few days, the numbers multiplied mysteriously, hoteliers said. One hotelier near Calangute football ground told TOI that small boys arrived from nowhere and were seen \"harassing\" tourists all along the beach road. \"They do not stop after making verbal requests. They follow you as you walk, repeatedly touch you and demand money. It is pure harassment,\" the hotelier said.Business was brisk along the beach. But resentment is high. Lobo, who is also general secretary of the Shack Owners' Welfare Society (SOWS), has no complaints about business at his shack on New Year's night. But he is not happy about the thousands of tourists who drank, ate and slept on the beach. He says many of these also answered nature's call on the beach itself. Lobo's friend, another Calangute hotelier, is a regular jogger on the beach. On Sunday morning he was forced to return home by the sight and stench of human excreta on the beach.Lobo says thousands of tourists on the beach does not mean lakhs of rupees for local businesses. \"They did not hire rooms nor did they eat in hotels. They slept on the beach or on the roadside near their cars. Drunken tourists misbehave with local or foreign women and then go home and boast they had fun with white women. These are cheap tourists and our government is promoting cheap tourism,\" Lobo said.Small Calangute restaurateurs complained that police are not taking action against beggars and against tourists who park their vehicles anywhere, sleep anywhere and throw their trash around causing nuisance to the public.Early morning walkers at Miramar beach complained that the beach was \"extremely filthy\" on Sunday. Goa Medical College and hospital's neurosurgery department head Dr Ponraj Sundaram said that while the beach was full of food waste and other litter, some areas had human excreta. \"So many come for their morning walk on this beautiful beach. But people ate food, urinated and did everything else there. It is sad that people don't have civic sense,\" Sundaram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337969", "title": "Simran's New Year in Goa", "text": "Truly, there's no better place to spend the New Year's Eve in India than in Goa. And actor and now television host Simran too spent her last few days of 2011 in Goa.She was chilling out in the sun and sands and partying it up along with her husband and friends. Simran took a break for the last few days of the year to ensure that she completely chilled out. \"I love Goa. It has amazing spirit and there's no better place to get into the party mood in the country than over here,\" says Simran, who's still chilling out in Goa.And no wonder she managed to party till the sunrise in the one city where the sun never sets in India, unlike her counterparts in Chennai who had to wind up their partying quite early with the almost Cinderella deadline. \"I'm looking forward to come back recharged and refreshed to Chennai to take on work for the New Year,\" Simran adds.The svelte Punjabi beauty, who's played power packed roles - be it from Jodi to Varanam Aayiram, is enjoying her motherhood, after delivering her second baby boy last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ambala, haryana", "code": "11336458", "title": "9 children killed as vehicles collide amid heavy fog in Ambala", "text": "AMBALA, HARYANA: Nine children on their way to school were killed and 20 others injured when the bus carrying them collided head-on with a truck amid heavy fog on Saha-Shahabad road near here this morning.Police said visibility was poor due to a thick blanket of fog in the area and the two vehicles collided head-on.The victims were in the age group of 5 to 8 years and were students of Arjun Public School, a private school located near Saha,The injured have been taken to the Civil Hospital in Ambala Cantt.Senior officials of the Ambala district administration have rushed to the accident spot to help in rescue and relief measures.Seven of those killed have been identified as Divya, Rahul, Rishab, Raveesh, Pulkit, Harish and Anu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331633", "title": "Welfare scheme stays elusive", "text": "MUMBAI: On paper, the labour welfare cess has always seemed a path-breaking welfare scheme. It is meant to provide accident compensation and pension benefits to construction workers, and educational scholarships for their children. It is calculated at 1% of the construction cost. Moreover, it is applicable to all constructions that have an outlay of more than Rs 10 lakh, be it government or private buildings, flyovers, irrigation systems, airports or railway projects. And yet, the cess has made little difference in the lives of construction workers here.The cess was mandated by The Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Cess Act, 1996 that was notified in Maharashtra in 2007. But in the last five years, the state has raked in Rs 325 crore, a paltry sum when put in perspective. In the same period, Delhi's collection has been nearly thrice as high, and the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's contribution alone been Rs 126 crore.By BMC's seemingly conservative figures, there are roughly 2,400 under-construction buildings in Mumbai. Labour experts point out that civic bodies are not supposed to approve construction plans of private developers unless the cess is paid up. The law, in fact, mandates a penalty of 2% per month for delay in cess payment.\"The cess collected in Maharashtra is obviously not enough if we take into consideration the scale of construction activity in Mumbai. How the collected fund is utilized is also a matter of concern,\" says Vaijayanta Anand, director of NGO Nirman that works with construction workers. The cess is mired in a curious situation: developers are unwilling to pay since they don't know how the fund is utilized and insufficient funds make welfare difficult. \"More developers may pay up if they know how the money is being used,\" she adds.Registration of workers, the first step to utilize the welfare fund, has just begun in the state and already facing problems. The migratory and informal nature of their work as well as a provision requiring 90-day employment makes it difficult to get workers to register. \"Workers don't come forward as they aren't aware of their rights. Also, registration requires contractors or builders to certify that a worker is their employee. Workers flit from one project to another and often proofs are difficult to get,\" points out social worker Sheila Tiluskar.The state has thus far registered 11,000 workers, though labour officials estimate the total tally of workers must be nearly 25 or 30 lakh. Labour commissioner Sanjay Deshmukh refused to comment on the poor cess collection. But experts underline the need to streamline the process. Anand suggests that developers and labour welfare officers work together to ensure worker safety. For instance, developers could hire only registered workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11331884", "title": "Rajbala Malik elected city mayor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Riding piggyback on the support of the nine nominated councillors, the Congress on Sunday managed a thumping win in the mayoral polls, bagging the posts of mayor, senior deputy mayor and deputy mayor. The victory ensures that the party 'reign' in the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation continues for the fifth year in a row.The wide winning margin makes it amply clear that the ruling party received complete support of the nominated councillors. This time, all the six candidates in the race were first-time councillors. There were three women in the race for the mayor's post. Out of the 36 votes polled, Congress candidate Rajbala Malik got 21 votes, Asha Jawal 12 and Jannat Jahan-ul-Haq 2. One vote was declared invalid as the stamp was affixed on the name of the candidate instead of box in front of her name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330824", "title": "Ward reservation period likely to be longer: Ajit Pawar", "text": "PUNE: The state government is working on a proposal to increase the period of reservations at civic wards and constituencies of local self governments from the existing period of one term that normally translates into five years, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said here on Sunday.Candidates of municipal corporations, zilla parishads, gram panchayats and municipal councils will stand to benefit if the proposed change comes about.Pawar was addressing a rally of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) workers against the backdrop of the forthcoming municipal corporations as well as zilla parishad elections. Speaker of state assembly Dilip Walse-Patil and Pune district unit president NCP Suresh Ghule were also present on the occasion.He said, \"Candidates of the upcoming elections who have benefited due to reservations in their wards or constituencies this time, can hope to reap the benefits of these reservations for a longer period.\"Pawar further said, \"It is only right that reservations be maintained at a ward or constituency at least for two terms, which means for 10 years. This will go a long way in promoting the spirit of hard work among elected members.\"He said that it is usually observed that candidates who get a chance to fight the elections due to reservations, be it gender reservations or that of caste, in a ward or constituency tend to work half-heartedly. \"The elected members have a fear that some other reservation will come up in the next term, so there is no point in continuing the hard work. If they have an assurance that their ward or constituency will carry the same reservation for more than one term, they will work hard in the first term to ensure that they emerge victorious from the same ward in the second term.\"Pawar said that the NCP has started to distribute forms to aspirants and the interviews of aspirants will start from January 9.Meanwhile, Walse-Patil said the party is keen to allot candidature to capable women party workers. \"Leaders should not promote the candidature of women from their own families if it is undeserving. The women who have done some social activities or development works through the years are the ones who should get a chance to contest the elections.\"He also said party workers are mostly not aware of the real local issues. \"They should study the problems in their areas before asking for tickets. Many people are contesting elections on the basis of money power and muscle power. They are far removed from the actual problems being faced by their voters. Such attitudes will not be entertained in the allocation of tickets,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "amritsar/new delhi", "code": "11332685", "title": "PM shown black flags in Golden Temple; not us, says Team Anna", "text": "AMRITSAR/NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was shown black flags by supporters of anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare at the Golden Temple in Amritsar on Sunday, leading the Congress to condemn the protests that it said should be directed against the BJP for blocking the Lokpal Bill.The protest saw Team Anna members defending the right of their supporters to protest but denying that the Golden Temple incident had Team Anna's blessing. While Kiran Bedi was ambiguous about condemning the incident outright, claiming protestors where \"volunteers\", Santosh Hegde condemned the protest saying the PM should not have been targeted at a religious place. The Congress promptly criticized the activists saying protests should be targeted at Opposition BJP. But with Team Anna targeting Congress in the upcoming assembly polls, more such protests cannot be ruled out. Only a handful Anna supporters, including women, raised slogans against corruption and in favour of Lokpal as soon as the PM and his wife came out after paying obeisance at the Golden Temple in Amristar. The supporters also raised slogans asking the PM to go back (PM wapas jao), and showed small black flags to him.Although such protests target the Congress, senior party leaders feel the electoral traction of Lokpal might be over stated. In Punjab, they insisted that local factors like the Akali Dal first family's influence and lacklustre governance are more potent political factors that will benefit the party.The protests came days after the government failed to get the Lokpal Bill passed in RS on December 30 after opposition from several parties, including ally Trinamool Congress.Though agitators said the protest was at Anna's call, this was denied by Team Anna members. Team Anna member Santosh Hedge took exception at the form of protest saying there were other ways of expressing popular resentment. \"While I feel that all parties contributed to the adjournment in RS and one should not target one specific party....this was not the proper form of protest. The PM was visiting a holy place...I don't support a protest like this,'' he said.Kiran Bedi also tweeted \"People who showed black flags to PM are India Against Corruption volunteers of that city...are on their own...undoubtedly out of respect for PM and New Year's Day there was a better option of protest. But everyone has their own right of expression.''The Congress termed the protest \"unfortunate'', adding that black flags should be shown to BJP leaders who were responsible for not passing of the Lokpal Bill in RS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11332678", "title": "Minimum wages out of reach for many nurses", "text": "KOCHI: Minimum wages and such other benefits remain out of reach for many of the employees of private hospitals in the state. In the week-long inspections carried out by the Labour Department in 106 hospitals in five districts till Thursday, it was found that many of the small hospitals do not pay minimum wages to their employees, who are also made to work for long hours.Many private hospitals have only two shifts, and employees, especially nurses, have to work for more than 12 hours at a stretch. And while some institutions insisted on their employees signing contracts and bonds for one year, some others kept with them the certificates of newly-joined employees for a certain period.In most super-specialty hospitals, nurses are required to undergo training for a year, said Vincent Alex, regional joint labour commissioner.The department conducted raids in 38 hospitals in Ernakulam, 28 in Palakkad, 14 in Kottayam, 17 in Idukki, and nine in Thrissur.\"We have issued notices to some hospitals regarding the implementation of minimum wages and such other benefits. If there is no positive response, we will take up the matter legally,\" said Vincent Alex.The department was planning to complete the whole process in a month, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336825", "title": "Suchith on cloud 999", "text": "While Sohan Roy's Dam999 continues to court controversy, the music of the film, composed by Ouseppachan, has earned a place on the preliminary Oscar list in the Best Song category.And for singer Suchith Suresan, this brings forth exciting news since he has crooned two songs - Dam999 theme song and Dakkanga Dugu Dugu - from the three tracks of the film that have been shortlisted. \"I'm excited about the songs being on the preliminary list,\" shares a very excited Suchith.\"Now I have my fingers crossed until the final announcement is made,\" the Karikaalan... singer adds. The final list of the 39 songs eligible for the prestigious awards will be announced on January 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332855", "title": "'Pasraha stretch' on NH-31 in Khagaria district to be improved", "text": "PATNA: The 20-km-long 'Pasraha stretch' or the 'riders' sore' on NH-31 in Khagaria district is in for a major makeover through substantial change in its existing structure by October 2013. It would then give motorists travelling on heavy and light vehicles a pleasant ride.Indeed, the 362 km of NH-31 in Bihar from Rajauli in Nawada district to Purnia is in for a revolutionary transformation since it is being rendered into a four-lane highway, entailing an expenditure of Rs 10 crore per km. The NH-31 section in Bihar is 404 km long. Beyond Purnia it is a four-lane highway.The reconstruction of the 'pasraha stretch' on it is part of the overall multi-crore project undertaken with funds from the ministry of road transport and highway. This 20-km section, however, would be two-lane highway, which Bihar government officials, in informal takes, have dubbed as 'unfortunate neck' in the otherwise four-lane body of NH-31.Overall, the four-laning of the NH-31 would be effected in its 107-km-long stretch between Rajauli and Bakhtiarpur (Patna), 115-km stretch between Bakhtiarpur and Khagaria and 140-km stretch between Khagaria and Purnia -- barring the two-lane 20-km-long 'pasraha stretch'.For riders unfamiliar with the 'pasraha stretch' to its north is a huge one-crop arable (Rabi season) low-land plain that keeps on its bed accumulated flood waters from Kosi and the Ganga. Due to the peculiar topography and black soil conditions, the 'pasraha stretch' is known as 'pasraha sore' among officials of the RCD, National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), and motorists alike.All this should change in the next two years,\" said an official of the NH wing of the state RCD, adding: \"A presentation of the reconstruction plan was made here by representatives of the global company that has been given work order. Old nagging problems caused by topography and black soil would be overcome.\"The project cost is Rs 664 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11332527", "title": "Despite trouble, govt says all is well", "text": "KOCHI: In a face saving attempt, the state government assured that the Kochi Metro project is on track and the government will meet the Planning and Investment Board (PIB) later this month to take forward the project.Power minister Aryadan Mohammed, who is also the vice-chairman of Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), said that the controversies over the involvement of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will not be a hindrance in getting approvals from PIB and the Centre.Speaking to TOI, he said former DMRC chief E Sreedharan is the best person to head the project. \"The government considered the option of inviting a global tender as he has retired from DMRC. We have not taken a final decision,\" he said.The minister did add that the government had certain reservations to associate with DMRC without having Sreedharan at the helm. Mohammed also said that he rang up Sreedharan to discuss this matter.Meanwhile, minister for Overseas Indian Affairs, Vayalar Ravi said the government will not take any steps that would derail the metro project. Addressing media persons in New Delhi he said it is the responsibility of the state government to provide an explanation if they require an international tender. He expressed hope that the metro man would reconsider his decision. Sreedharan had earlier reiterated his stance that he would not associate with the project if DMRC was not involved.Meanwhile, DMRC's project director, P Sriram refused to comment on the issue. \"I cannot say how our moves are going to influence the decision makers at the PIB meeting or the pending approval from the Centre,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11332503", "title": "2014 polls will be a referendum: Kiran Kumar Reddy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday said that the 2014 elections would be a referendum on the Congress government's performance and not just a performance graph for the ruling party.Interacting with the media at his camp office, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said that a detailed plan of action was being readied to meet the requirements of all needy sections of society.\"Our agenda for 2014 elections will be development and welfare. We are reviewing our policies and strategies to promote inclusive growth,\" he said.The chief minister said names of candidates for byelections to seven assembly constituencies would soon be declared as the filing of nominations begins for those government posts that have been vacant for some time. Responding to queries regarding the proposal to fill 1.16 lakh government jobs, he said that the administration had already issued notifications for more jobs than the number promised.\"We will fulfill our promise to provide 1 lakh jobs during the second week of January; Prime Minister Manmohan Singh would personally handover the appointment letters.\"We are also deepening the opportunity for youths in the state to land private sector jobs by imparting skills training. While recruitment in the government sector is taking place through the existing agencies, we have set up the Rajiv Education and Employment Mission to train people for jobs in the private sector.\"The mission has been tasked with providing placement to 15 lakh youth by 2014 of which at least 50% will be either women , SCs, STs or BCs,\" he said.The chief minister said that his government was working on ways to improve rural health infrastructure.\"An exercise is underway to overcome scarcity of doctors in villages. We may hire doctors on a contractual basis wherever vacancies arise either due to non-availability or due to existing doctors leaving in order to pursue higher studies,\" he said.As to the delay in accommodating PRP MLAs in the cabinet, Reddy said there was no truth in reports about the PRP-Congress merger being incomplete. On the proposed hike in power tariff for domestic consumers, he said the electricity regulatory commission had the final call on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332067", "title": "Drunk girl rams car into three vehicles on Drive-In road, one dead", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The New Year turned deadly for a youth as a 19-year old girl rammed her car into three vehicles, including a car in Drive-In road in the wee hours of Sunday. Three persons, including the girl, were injured in the accident and were rushed to private hospitals.Police have charged her with causing death by negligence and collected her blood samples to ascertain whether she was drunk when the incident took place.According to Vastrapur police officials, Labdhi Shah, 19, a resident of Pathik Society in Naranpura, was returning home at 4.45 am. She lost control of her car near Indraprasth Tower and first rammed her car into an autorickshaw parked along the road. Her car hit a bike carrying two youths and then a car parked nearby. In an effort to regain control, Shah allegedly took a sharp turn and rammed into a road divider and her car turned turtle.Gaurav Rajyaguru, 24, who was riding pillion on the bike, sustained multiple head and body injuries. He died while being taken to a nearby hospital. According to police investigators, Rajyaguru, a native of Bhavnagar, was studying hospital management in an institute near Patan and had come to Ahmedabad to celebrate the New Year with cousins and friends.\"Hearing the commotion, the nearby residents rushed to the spot. The incident was reported to us by Ajay Janjade, 27, who owned the autorickshaw damaged in the incident. As per his statement, he used to come early to pick up passengers headed for railway station or airport. At 4.45 am, he was standing near a stall when he saw a speeding car approaching his direction,\" said BK Saiyad, sub-inspector of Vastrapur police station and investigator in the case.The car hit two youths on a bike who were crossing the road and then hit a car in which a youth was sitting. Ajay rushed to the spot when he found that Shah's car was badly damaged and she could not come out as both the doors had got jammed due to the impact. People on the spot broke the front windscreen and took her out. She could not stand or speak properly.\"Shah is the daughter of a businessman and we suspect that she was returning from a New Year bash. She sustained injuries from the broken glass and was rushed to a private hospital in Vadaj by her relatives. She appeared before us on Sunday but due to her frail medical condition, we have not been able to record her statement so far. We have, however, taken her blood samples and sent them for analysis to ascertain presence of alcohol,\" said Vastrapur police inspector M R Sharma.Did police flout the norms?According to experts, the victims or suspects in such accident cases are generally taken to the nearest government hospital for treatment and the blood samples are also taken by the authorized medical officials at such hospitals.However, in this case the accused was rushed to a private hospital in Vadaj and the blood samples were collected there. Investigators cited her condition behind Shah being taken to a private hospital. \"It is to be seen now whether the court of law accepts it as a valid legal evidence,\" said a legal expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "katehri (ambedkarnagar)", "code": "11333806", "title": "Info dept\u2019s handbook distributed at BSP rally", "text": "KATEHRI (AMBEDKARNAGAR): A handbook published by the information department of the Uttar Pradesh government was distributed as canvassing material to a gathering of around 500 persons on Faizabad-Ambedkarnagar Road in Katehri assembly segment on December 28.The handbook, along with a calendar greeting chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati on her 56th birthday, was distributed immediately after state medical education minister Lalji Varma ended his speech. Lalji Varma, who was BSP MLA from Tanda constituency , has switched to Katehri seat after delimitation.As Varma ended his speech, he urged the gathering to stay and said, \"Aap log apne jagah per baithein rahein abhi aapke paas ghugri (a preparation of peas and potato), ek kitaab aur ek calendar pahuchaya jaayega (please be seated as ghugri, a book and a calendar will be given to you all).\" Thereafter , he left the dais to oversee the preparation of snacks for the gathering. When TOI caught him and drew his attention towards the signboard, which read in yellow bold letters : 'Brahmin samaj sammelan mein Nakul Dubey Ji ka haardik swagat evam abhinandan ,' Varma told TOI, \"It is an old signboard and I had just come to address a party workers' meeting.\"However, when asked about distribution of government funded material, Varma said, \"Please leave me, as we do not talk to media.\" A question of the frequently asked questions mentioned in the website of Election Commission of India reads, \"Whether hoardings/advertisements etc. depicting the achievements of the party(s) in power at Centre/state governments at the cost of public exchequer can be continued?The answer reads: No. All such hoardings, advertisements etc., on display shall be removed forthwith by the concerned authorities. Further, no advertisements should be issued in the newspapers and other media including electronic media at the cost of public exchequer.Similarly, sub-section (iv) of section VII of general conduct in code of conduct page meant for party in power clearly reads, \"Issue of advertisement at the cost of public exchequer in the newspapers and other media and the misuse of official mass media during the election period for partisan coverage of political news and publicity regarding achievements with a view to further the prospects of the party in power shall be scrupulously avoided.\"Interestingly, the handbook, a copy of which is with TOI, throws light on various development works undertaken by the Mayawati government in the past four years. The book is divided into eight chapters and runs into 136 pages. The cover page of the book has a photo chief minister Mayawati, while the back page has photographs of various monumental structures along with houses under Shahri Gareeb Awas Yojna, which had come up during BSP regime. The book also clearly mentions the handbook's publisher as information department , Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11332979", "title": "Thane lights up with fireworks", "text": "THANE: Intensified police patrolling on New Year's Eve and immediate action against suspected drunk motorists resulted in peaceful celebrations for revelers, while many ushered in 2012 with a grand fireworks show at the Masunda lake here.Hotels and clubs in the lake city had guests patiently awaiting their turn as eating joints did flourishing business. From the roadside sandwich and bhelpuri stalls to ubercool restaurants, one could see the hustle and bustle of extended families and collegians jamming up to welcome the New Year.The city police were extra vigilant and were under instructions from the brass to double ensure safety and security and keep a hawk's eye vigil for mischief mongers.Around 436 motorists were politely told to get off their vehicles after they were found to be driving under the influence of alcohol. Police said among those booked for drunk driving 343 were motorcyclists, while 50 were driving cars and the remaining 17 were autorickshaw drivers. All those booked were taken to hospitals for medical tests to ascertain the level of alcohol and were then fined Rs 2,000 each. The amount will be refunded after they present their case before court. A total of Rs 3.28 lakh was collected from the drunk drivers, traffic police officials said.There was also action at hotels along Ghodbunder Road, as most families preferred the open air. Masunda lake, however, seems to have been the biggest attraction as many converged there at midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11333874", "title": "Waste management: Corp turns to Mysore model", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation, which is trying out several experimental models to find a solution to waste management in the capital, tried out the biotech model of waste management in three select centres in the city on Thursday.A successful model adopted in the Mysore city corporation was tested here with the help of Olena Mahila Sangham, an NGO working in the field of biotech model of waste management. The experiments were carried out in the Chalai, Peroorkada and Manacuad markets.\"An organic lotion was sprayed into the garbage heaps in these three markets, which would make this garbage into organic manures within 35 days. The spraying of this liquid will make the waste stench-free. It would also get rid of the flies and other bacteria which could be developed by the accumulation of waste,\" said P Sujatha of Olena Mahila Sangham.The NGO was asked to experiment this model in the city by mayor K Chandrika. The officials of the NGO said they were ready to extend full support to the corporation if the latter sought more help from them. \"The same mechanism is being adopted in the Mysore corporation for the past two years. The biotech method of waste management has been developed by Mysore-based JMS Biotech and is being marketed by Olena,\" said Sujatha.About 450 tonnes of waste accumulated in Mysore city every day is being successfully converted into organic manure using this technology. The same method was also experimented in Irutty in Wayanad, she added.Using this method, the garbage will be converted into powder form within 35 days which can be later used as organic manure. If special places are identified in select centres of the city and the garbage stored there, the garbage menace could be controlled. The NGO has told the civic authorities that they were ready to extend any support in waste management in the city.\"We are also ready to support residents' associations if they want our help. We are ready to provide the solution which costs Rs 105 per litre and also the technical support to those who want to adopt this model,\" said Sujatha.Emergency meetThe Villappil Panchayat on Thursday convened an emergency meeting following reports that the state government issued an order against the closure of the garbage treatment plant functioning there. The meeting observed that since no communication has been received from the government and only media has pointed out this, no emergency step should be taken. The meeting decided that it should stand by the decision to shut down the plant and also block any truck that arrives with wastes.About 450 tonnes of waste accumulated in Mysore city every day is being successfully converted into organic manure using this technology", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11331538", "title": "BJP bid for inroads into Bhuria\u2019s turf", "text": "INDORE: State BJP chief Prabhat Jha spent the last day of 2011 amid party tribal leaders of Jhabua and Alirajpur districts, the two tribal-dominated districts of the state. The move is being seen as the party bid to make inroads into the Congress stronghold. Jhabua is the home town of Kantilal Bhria, Congress state chief.For the past six months, the BJP is trying to gain ground in the area. State party chief Prabhat Jha is himself monitoring the party activities in the region. The party has stepped up activities in the area in an obvious attempt to spread its area of influence. Jha kicked off the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) membership drive in Jhabua to woo the tribals in the area, sources said.Jha arrived at Ranapur on Saturday night and after a brief meeting with local party leaders, he left for Dotar Phalia, where he stayed in the house of a local tribal leader, Bhanu Bhuria, whose wife Nirmala is also the president of janpad panchayat of Ranaput.After his meetings with party workers at different villages, Jha said the organisation drew up a six-month long plan to strengthen the party's base in the tribal region. \"Wait and see the results, even state Congress chief Kantilal Bhuria will find it difficult to win the next elections on his home turf,\" he claimed.During the BJP wave in 2003, all five constituencies falling under both the districts were won by it. In parliamentary election in 2004, the BJP could not maintain its position in the area and the Congress came back to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11331825", "title": "Sainik school suspends 112 students", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Sainik School Tilaiya is once again in the news for wrong reasons. The school authorities have suspended 112 students for indiscipline. One of the oldest Sainik Schools in the country, the institution had hit headlines a few months ago when a few senior students were caught on camera torturing their juniors.The registrar of the school has suspended 112 students, all from Class X on the ground of indiscipline, according to sources. The students were directed to appear before registrar Amitav Ranjan for a meeting on December 30, but none of them turned up. The school authorities took the matter seriously and ordered the 112 students to vacate the hostel immediately. \"They will not be allowed to enter the school premises till January 10 unless they appear before the management committee with their guardians,\" said a source.If anybody comes without guardian on January 10, he will not be allowed to enter the premises and will be driven out. The registrar said indiscipline at any level could not be tolerated.The registrar said, \"Punishment was meted out to the students so that in future they do not indulge in indiscipline and this was the reason the suspended students were asked to appear before the management with their guardians.\" The suspended students were forced to vacate their hostel on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331407", "title": "Wetland encroachment continues", "text": "KOLKATA: Land sharks prowling on protected wetlands on the eastern fringes of the city don't care about the administration. An FIR with the police and stop-work notices from both the civic body and wetlands watchdog failed to act as a deterrent as they ensured the wall construction around Collector Bheri, behind Ruby Hospital off EM Bypass, continued unabated on Saturday and Sunday.On Saturday afternoon, officials of East Kolkata Wetland Management Authority-a statutory body headed by state chief secretary to oversee the conservation and protection of the Ramsar-listed wetlands -found at least 50 persons -masons and helpers -working on the wall construction on a war footing, making a mockery of the crackdown promised by mayor as well as the district police.Just two days ago, the very officials had visited the spot with officers from Tiljala police station and pasted a stop-work notice, the second one in just over a week. Shocked by the flagrant violation, they went to the police station on Saturday and filed a written complaint. \"The police are just not acting. How is it possible to stop the destruction of wetlands if they stay mute?\" said an EKWMA official in frustration.On Sunday, Bonani Kakkar of NGO Public found that there was no let up in construction activity. On the contrary, pace had picked up and even more workers were engaged to build the wall as fast as they could. \"There were two supervisors overseeing several dozen masons and helpers building the wall. Some were engaged in constructing pillars whereas others were laying bricks without a care in the world. An iron gate has also been installed. There is a powerful nexus at work. How else can anyone dare to be so audacious?\" she said.Environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar, when contacted, expressed concern and promised to take up the matter on Monday. \"I will speak to the highest authority in police. In a case that involves encroachment of a wetland, police need to act firmly. Otherwise, it is very difficult for EKWMA to function effectively. I have to be proactive and do something myself,\" he said. Kolkata Police commissioner RK Pachnanda also said he would definitely look into the matter and take necessary action.On December 19, the EKWMA ast Kolkata Wetland Management Authority had pasted the first 'stop- work' notice. after a site inspection following complaints from Centre for Environment &amp; Development director AK Ghosh and Calcutta University assistant professor (environmental science department) Punarbasu Chaudhuri.When locals reported that work was continuing unabated, EKWMA technical officer (law) Supreet Kaur filed an FIR with Tiljala police station on December 21 on December 21. While EKWMA officials put up the second stop-work notice on Thursday in presence of Tiljala police, Kolkata Municipal Corporation had slapped a stop-work notice on Saturday, but in vain.During the next spot visit on Thursday, EKWMA officials found that activity was continuing unabated and put up the second stop-work notice in the presence of the Tiljala police. On Saturday, Kolkata Municipal Corporation also slapped a stop work notice. But none of them have failed to stop work at the wetland.Following the TOI report, Kakkar had also written to state chief secretary, Kolkata Police commissioner and South 24-Parganas district magistrate, urging immediate action against the culprits. \"I requested chief secretary Samar Ghosh to convene a meeting of the East Kolkata Wetlands at the earliest to discuss the grave matter. But I was stunned by the pace of activity on Sunday at the site on Sunday,\" Kakkar said in dismay.The 43-bigha wetland in Chowbagha mouja, Ward No. 108, was a lake till November with rippling water offering boat rides. Water had been drained thereafter and construction work had commenced. of the wall commenced. despite the protection that wetlands enjoy.\"If this wetland vanishes, as have so many in the past, it will only act as a precedent for other builders to move in and occupy other wetlandsin the locality. Not only does the wall need to be pulled down, the waterbody has to be regenerated,\" said scientist AK Ghosh, who has begun a signature drive to garner drum upsupport against the encroachment, but now fears all will be lost before the letter reaches the CM. \"I plead with Mamata Banerjee to step in immediately and stop the wetland's destruction,\" Ghosh appealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11333966", "title": "Teenagers held for uploading sex clips", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Two teenagers who allegedly raped girls and then posted their nude video clips on internet were arrested by the Varkala police.They have been charged under section 66C of IT Act and IPC 376 for rape, sexual abuse and for using the cyber media with malicious intentions. The teenagers were produced before the juvenile court and later let off on bail.The incident came to light after one of the girls came across her own video clip on a friend's mobile phone. The girl told her parents about it and one of her relatives complained about it to the police. Police then arrested both teenagers from Kallambalam after recording the statement of both girls.The girls met the boys at a parallel college in Attingal. They won girls' confidence by posing as lovers and would often take them to isolated bylanes in Varkala. They would engage in sexual intercourse and record it without the knowledge of the girls.The boys would upload the clips on internet and also stream the clips via bluetooth using their mobile phones. Police said that they are in search of the third person involved in the case.The incident came to light after one of the girls came across her own video clip on a friend's mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336168", "title": "Crystal gazing Kollywood", "text": "There's a lot to look forward to this year in the world of Tamil filmsWhile Genelia has set a date in early February to tie the knot with Riteish Deshmukh , G V Prakash-Saindhavi, and Sneha-Prasanna will also likely join the married couples list sometime this year. And Vidya Balan has finally spoken about her beau, Siddharth Roy Kapur, and he has, apparently, bought a flat in Mumbai for her too. So, do we hear wedding bells for them as well?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11331036", "title": "Russian in IB custody for using satellite phone", "text": "MARGAO: A Russian woman, Valentine Tromco, 63, was taken into custody for interrogation by the IB personnel, after they raided a room in a beach resort at Cansaulim on Saturday night.Sources said the Russian came under the radar of the IB sleuths as she was found to be using a satellite phone of a specific make manufactured in Korea that is banned in India.The IB tracked down signals emitted from the phone to the Cansaulim resort, following which the IB sleuths, with the help of the Verna police, conducted the raid, and nabbed the Russian national.However, during interrogation, the woman acknowledged that she was unaware that the satellite phone was banned in India, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332047", "title": "2012 ushered in with pomp and gaiety", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city transformed into a huge party venue as the clock struck midnight on Saturday. People came out on the streets to wish each other a happy new year and while some hit the dance floor, others preferred to celebrate with friends within the privacy of their residences.High spirited celebrations continued well beyond midnight but it was bad news for the inebriated who were hauled up by the police. There was heavy police presence on city streets late into the night. Apart from enforcing time limits on eateries and hotels across the city, the men in khaki cracked a whip on late night partygoers.Many of the usually happening areas in the city wore a deserted look after 1 am owing to strict policing. City police officials apprehended more than 100 during stringent night drives in the western parts alone. Huge traffic jams near C G Road, S G Highway and Nehrunagar close to midnight also kept the cops on their toes.Sandeep Singh, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, told TOI that the action plan for December 31 was prepared 10 days in advance and crackdowns on major bootleggers had started. \"We did not want to be party poopers but we wanted to ensure that there were no usual menaces like overspeeding on city roads, eve-teasing or group clashes. We also assessed the problem areas and made an action plan with 1,000 personnel in bandobast,\" he said.The plan seems to have worked as Satellite police station alone registered six cases in which 21 persons were detained for violation of prohibition laws. Anandnagar police officials raided two places and arrested a total of 11 persons. One of the places fetched a huge stash of liquor where students, builders and professionals were caught drunk. The cops detained 11 more during vehicle checking drives conducted on the main city roads. They also detained inebriated celebrators from CG Road, which had transformed into a huge sea of people close to midnight.\"The usual party spots such as C G Road and S G Highway were under surveillance. While the rush continued till late in the night, we dealt with traffic jams in a phased manner. We first shut down eateries and small pan parlours on all the stretches which generally draw crowds. The traffic snarls were dealt with quickly and effectively. No untoward incident was reported during the celebrations,\" said a senior city police official. Police action prompted most of the revelers to hold private close-knit parties.\"We did not want to be questioned by police now and then and thus we decided to hold the liquor party behind closed doors where select guests were invited. As we did not create any nuisance, we were fine with the arrangements,\" said a 32-year old professional on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11332799", "title": "Bus collides with truck, cop killed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A PAC jawan was killed while four others were injured in a road accident on National Highway 2 near Kurgaon under Soraon police station on Sunday morning. The accident occurred when a PAC bus carrying the victims collided with a truck.As per reports, the PAC bus carrying jawans of 25th PAC Battalion was going to Mirzapur from Rae Bareli. The injured were rushed to Swaroop Rani hospital where constable Bihari Lal, a resident of Koraon, was declared dead by doctors.Upon receiving information, senior officials of PAC and the police department rushed to SRN hospital to inquire about the condition of the jawans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11333845", "title": "City parties into early hours of 2012", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city ushered in the New Year in a crime- and accident-free manner, thanks to the police department's 'Responsible Celebration' initiative.Not many cities can boast of what the state capital has achieved. Not a single revelry-related accident death was reported from anywhere in the city and only a handful of drunken driving cases were registered. The most number of drunken driving cases -- 12 -- came from the Thampanoor police station limits, where the lodges and railway station are located.According to city police commissioner Manoj Abraham, there were 206 party joints in the city and all of them had sought permission to remain open and celebrate till 12.30am. The police did not interfere even when the party lasted till 4am at certain hotels and resorts, he added.\"Four or five drunken-driving related deaths were reported in the last two years but this year's celebration went off without a hitch. Not a single accident was reported. We kicked off the Responsible Celebration initiative well ahead of Christmas. We identified party joints, and in sensitive areas like Kovalam and Vizhinjam, where foreigners usually go to party, the local CI had a sit-down with hotel owners and told them that the police do not want to be an impediment to the revelry but party organizers must do whatever it takes to protect their crowd,\" said Abraham.The commissioner said the police department sent out notices to all hotels asking them to arrange bouncers, keep cabs on stand-by and even refuse a customer alcohol if the barman thinks someone has had one too many. He said the non-intrusive approach by the police worked and the cops did not have to shut a single party down.\"In the previous year people and police reached a stage of confrontation at Kovalam beach. The revellers had hurled stones at the policemen. This year the police stayed out of the way,\" he said.There were 510 policemen deployed in the Kovalam police station limits alone on account of the New Year celebrations. It is safe to say the revelry went on till the sun came up at Kovalam, thanks to the more-tolerant men in khaki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11333513", "title": "Cop vigil averts mishaps on December 31", "text": "JAIPUR: The new year' eve celebrations on Saturday night went on in a smooth manner with not many accidents reported thanks to traffic police's tight vigil.Cops continued the vigil even after midnight to keep an eye on mischief mongers. Surprisingly, fewer accidents were reported on the day than usual. The police challaned 206 vehicles for drunken driving and claimed not a single causality was reported in any road mishap.\"Most people fear going out of their houses after sunset on this day fearing drunk drivers . We had tried to address this fear by ensuring disciplined celebrations,\" deputy commissioner of police, traffic , Rohit Mahajan, said.He added that almost all the traffic and other police staff were instructed to be on duty. Armed with breathalyzers and interceptors, the cops were seen on the job at the busiest roads and markets.\"We had identified the places where youngsters tend to drive rough and gather for celebrations, and the spots where trouble was likely. The establishments were asked to close down before midnight and gathering was dispersed , especially on JLN Road,\" DCP Mahajan said.SMS hospital reported 23 injured, 14 of whom were from Jaipur. Mahajan said it was the second year in a row when no major causality on the day was reported.\"The vehicles of those driving drunk were sized under the Motor Vehicle Act,\" said the officer. Other penalized included those flouting speed limits or driving rough.Twenty-three-year-old Bhopal Charan, a resident of Sodala, said his parents didn't allow him to go out after sunset on the day. \"They say many people drive under the influence of alcohol and I might meet with an accident. But the experience was different on Saturday as the traffic was orderly and the police were ensuring safety of public on almost all busy roads,\" Charan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11326153", "title": "No one tries to get fresh with me: Sunny Leone", "text": "After her eviction from 'Bigg Boss', on New Year's Eve, Sunny Leone told DT she's never had to tell a man more than once to lay off, till she met Amar UpadhyayHow did you feel after the eviction? It was bittersweet. Bitter because I couldn't make it to the finale as a contestant, and sweet because in the New Year, I'm going to be on the outside with friends and family and as part of normal life!How are you going to bring in the New Year? In my hotel room, having a nice hot shower, ordering room service, watching today's episode of \"Bigg Boss\" to see if my friends are crying for me, and having a glass of champagne at 12 o' clock.So you're on your own? Yeah, I'm on my own. None of my friends and family could make it because... it's not fair that they couldn't tell anybody till today, and mere friends and family America mein hain!When you were evicted, did you feel betrayed or angry at someone? I think that everybody in the house except for my two friends was either mean or didn't want me there or had issues and wasn't being straight to my face. But that's ok. Now that I'm out, I don't have anything to say except I'll call my friends and won't talk to anybody else!Did you feel a difference in the reactions to you when you told everyone who you were? I didn't really see a difference. I know that Juhi and Sky were very proud that I said what I said and that made me feel really good. But there wasn't much of a difference in the others. What was being said behind my back, I had no idea, and what they say can't hurt me today. Their opinions are their opinions.Amar Upadhyay tried to get cozy with you, didn't he? I tried to handle it in an adult manner, with conversations. I'm not sure he listened to the first one, so I told him again. The first one was when he kissed my hand - I told him you have wife, kids, I respect my husband, I respect him and you should show your family the respect they deserve. We should do our task in a way that's respectful to the whole family.During the rain dance, I told him not to, but he picked me up. Your first reaction as a woman is... you don't know what to do, how to react. You're scared kyunki you're stuck within four walls with people you've just met. It's a very difficult situation because you don't know what's going to come out of anybody's mouth, and you've watched the show - you know what's said to women and how they talk. It's not nice. You avoid the situation and handle it with as much care as possible, unfortunately.I n your work, have you felt that men assume that you'd be loose or available because you're a pornstar? It's the first time in my entire career that I've had to tell a man more than once not to be a certain way. That's why I didn't exactly know how to handle the situation as it was coming, other than talking to him as an adult. In my real life, no one comes near me or no one even tries to get fresh or do anything - it just doesn't happen. I might work in the adult industry, but where I come from, I get a lot of respect from men. I've worked with different people, different production companies, there are different men on the sets, and never have I felt this way. It happened, he (Amar) said sorry in front of the whole world, he said sorry two more times, and I can only assume he's sincere in his apology. I don't have to see him again, that's a different matter, I guess!On the whole, since you've been to India and you know some people here - are people here more conservative, or do they have an attitude when they hear 'pornstar'? I don't think it's an India thing, I think it's an everywhere thing. Whichever country you go to, the US, Europe, you're always going to face these issues where people want to judge and talk to you a certain way because of your background. All you can do is change people's opinions one person at a time.As for Amar, it doesn't matter where he's from. It's got nothing to do with India. My father's Indian, my grandfather, my great-great grandfather, my brother's Indian. Every man I know is very nice and respectful. Amar didn't come across this way, and I'm sure he's sorry.Are Indian prudes - that thing about 'we're Indians, we don't talk about sex'? I think it's a conservative country. I'm not sure it's a 'suppressed' thing. I think that the younger generation is trying to step out of this. It's not about sexuality, it's about how you want to be presented, and being able to do that. It's like, mom and dad, I wanna do what I wanna do, and mom and dad should accept this.Did you know about the cross-promotion issue, about an Indian organization asking Colors to stop you from using \"Bigg Boss\" to promote your videos on your site? I wasn't aware, I don't know all the details, but I do know that if \"Bigg Boss\" came to my company and my partner to take care of something or to fix the situation, I know that we definitely wouldn't want to tarnish a hopefully ongoing relationship with \"Bigg Boss\" and all the companies involved. If there was an issue, I know that my company and partner would want to handle the situation correctly so that no one is hurt and it gets fixed.But surely \"Bigg Boss\" will get you more fans and customers in India? No matter what I do, which show I do in this country, my name is always going to be associated with who I am. No one can take that away. No matter what people do, you're always going to come back to who I am. You can't stop that train. Chandna Arora", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332173", "title": "Greed landed the coin hoarders in the lock-up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Was it not for a routine inspection by a commercial tax inspector at Dahod check post, the truckload of coins would have passed off as the declared consignment of nuts and bolts. But the seizure in no way led to the criminals as the company as well as the address they had given to the innocent trucker were fake.What led to the arrest of city-based money-changer Ravi Gupta and Jeetendra Rajai, his counterpart in Raipur, Chhatisgarh, was their own greed. \"Some days after the seizure, Gupta and Rajai came to the commercial tax department to get their consignment and truck released. The duo cooked up a story and even tried to bribe their way through. We informed RBI about it and they filed a police complaint and got them arrested,\" said an official of the commercial tax department.Gupta runs a money exchange shop in Bapunagar; giving out crisp currency notes and fresh coins in exchange for old coins. Gupta has confessed that he would corner coins given by the RBI on bogus names and fictitious companies. RBI officials said they smelt a rat and had taken it in writing from Gupta in February that he was not involved in hoarding or smuggling of coins.Police investigators said that Gupta doesn't seem to have made a lot of money and appears to be acting at the behest of a bigger player. \"Gupta said he doesn't know the end of use of these coins and supplied them on a commission basis to Rajai who said there was a demand for them in states such as MP and Chhattisgarh. However, we feel Rajai might be selling them off on a premium during festivals or to traders who melt them,\" said sub-inspector B S Vankar of Naranpura police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11331785", "title": "Check dam feeds Palamu Tiger Reserve", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The concept of check dam as a means to conserve water may be new for most of the people in Jharkhand but Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) has a 51-year-old check dam.At Barwahee in the East Chhipadohar forest range, this check dam is of about 60 feet long and 10 feet high. The structure is strong to retain water.Interestingly, the PTA came into existence in 1970s much after the check dam was constructed.PTA director S E H Kazoo said, \"It is of great use now for the elephants there.\"Bandanna Sing (58), a wildlife tracker who reached the dam the other day, said elephants used to come there regularly. \"They bathe with their babies. No body goes close to them then.\"There is another check dam in the East Chhipadohar forest range where there is no water in this season. Kazmi said this was because of \"wrong site selection\".Check dams in the tiger reserve are coming up under the Compensatory Afforestation Management Protection Authority and one such is at Saidup where the Palamu Tiger Reserve officials have devised means to automatically desilt it in the event of getting it choked with slush and silt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332267", "title": "NID plans to set up design centre for railway", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After getting managerial inputs from the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A), the Indian Railways will now receive design solutions from the country's leading design institute. The National Institute of Design (NID) is planning to set up a design centre for the Indian Railways at its campus in 2012.The institute's plan to set up such a centre materialized following railway minister Dinesh Trivedi's visit to the campus on December 23. NID's idea for the centre is to re-solve all design issues related to railways, which is one of the world's largest public sector employer.\"Indian Railways touches the life of the rich and the poor and connects the length and breadth of the country. And we see lots of opportunities to solve various issues in the sector through design,\" said director of NID Pradyumna Vyas. \"Apart from the learning opportunity for students, it will also be an opportunity for the institute to serve the sector through its expertise.\"The idea was put forth to the minister during his recent visit to the campus after he showed keen interest in the matter. The institute will put a formal proposal to the ministry in January 2012.Talking about the centre, Vyas said that it will encourage students of various disciplines like product design, graphics design, textiles, transportation and automobile design to take up hypothetical projects related to Indian Railways. The best of these projects will be presented to railways officials.\"We already have a lot of hypothetical design projects based on Indian railways that were carried out by our students with guidance from faculties. The coming of such a centre can accelerate such activities to generate a variety of designs related to the railways ranging from uniform for the staff to interiors of compartments, furniture at platforms and berths as well as providing better services to passengers in terms of reservation and comfort, among other things,\" said Vyas.NID has earlier carried out design projects for Mumbai local train and Mumbai Monorail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11332356", "title": "State-run buses diverted to New Bus Stand in Berhampur", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Amid discontentment among several traders, the Old Bus Stand in Berhampur was shifted to New Bus Stand on Sunday. The office and the computerized ticket counter of the state-owned Orissa State Road Transport Corporation (OSRTC), which was operational in the Old Bus Stand, was also shifted to the New Bus Stand, developed by the Berhampur Development Authority (BDA).The Old Bus Stand area, located in the heart of the town, was under the Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC) and was leased out to the OSRTC several years ago.Due to protest by traders of the Old Bus Stand, the then transport minister of the state Bhagabat Behera had ordered to operate the OSRTC buses from Old Bus Stand, while asking to shift the private buses to the New Bus Stand. Both bus stands were operating in the town since then.\"The district administration shifted the Old Bus Stand without considering the public sentiments,\" said BJP leader and former deputy speaker of assembly Ram Chandra Panda.Earlier several traders led by Panda had submitted a memorandum to the collector to reconsider the decision and allow the functioning of the Old Bus Stand, which was of special help to night passengers. A senior district official, however, claimed: \"There was no resentment from anyone when we asked the OSRTC buses to divert from the Old to New Bus Stand.\"Sources said the OSRTC would develop the bus terminal in a public-private partnership mode. A piece of five to six acres of land near Haladiapadar has been earmarked for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331304", "title": "Survey of 16 new Metro routes", "text": "KOLKATA: RITES, the railways PSU, is surveying 16 new routes for the expansion of Metro routes in and around the city. In the last Railway Budget, the then railways minister Mamata Banerjee kept the provision of carrying out extensive studies for expansion in the new routes. If the plan is implemented, the entire greater Kolkata will be linked by Metro and the oldest Metro would be biggest rail rapid transit network in the country.RITES will prepare the detailed project report of the alignments, which might be implemented in phases. The new alignments that will be surveyed by RITES include Metro double-corridor line from Santragachhi to Shalimar along Kona Expressway, Bally Halt to Chandernagore, Joka to Mahanayak Uttam Kumar (Tollygunge) via Thakurpukur Cancer Hospital.RITES will also carry out survey for an alignment from Joka to Diamond Harbour along Diamond Harbour Road and the double-line corridor Madhyamgram to Barrackpore along Sodepur Road and Kalyani Expressway. There will be another alignment from Barasat to Barrackpore along the state highway-II linking Barrackpore.The survey for new Metro double line corridor also include alignment from Basirhat to Mahanayak Uttam Kumar (Tollygunge). Kavi Subash (New Garia) via Harua and Bhangar, said a senior RITES official.Mamata Banerjee, in her last Railway Budget speech, blessed Kolkata with seven brand new route surveys for extension of the city's Metro services, along with a new coach factory, dedicated exclusively to the Metro. Besides, there will be surveys on alignments from Howrah Maidan to Srirampur via Dankuni and Singur, Howrah Maidan-Belur, Howrah Maidan-Santragachhi-Dhulagarh, Joka to Mahanayak Uttam Kumar and Barrackpore to Kalyani.\"The surveys are likely to be conducted keeping in mind the links would be on viaducts and not underground since it would save cost. Two other important aspects plaguing Kolkata Metro are the shortage of coaches and rakes to run the current service and the lack of a coach mid-life habilitation unit. One such unit has been sanctioned close to the present Noapara carshed, but that will only cater to the coaches running at present. Infrastructure has to be augmented before any additional route is sanctioned,\" a former senior official of Kolkata Metro said.The Railways has already set up a core committee of senior Railways officials to closely monitor the progress of all ongoing works of Kolkata Metro and for speedier completion of the planned sections, namely Noapara-Barasat via Bimanbandar, Baranagar to Barrackpore and Baranagar to Dakshineswar, Dum-Dum Airport to New Garia via Rajarhat and Joka to BBD Bag via Majerhat.As railways minister, Mamata had sanctioned Rs 11,000 crores for Kolkata Metro when she upgraded it to a full-fledged railway zone on December 29, 2010.The Railways have already agreed in principle to take over the East-West Metro project from the state government. Railways authorities had also stated that discussions with all stakeholders of the project would be carried out soon and had asked the state government as well as the managing authority of the link to keep the Railways appraised of all important decisions regarding the project.Some of the Proposed Metro Corridors being surveyed now by RITES:1. Santragachi - Shalimar (on Kona Expressway)2. Bally Halt - Chandannagar3.Joka to Mahanayak Uttam Kumar via Thakurpukur Cancer Hospital along Charial Canaland Mahatma Gandhi Road4. Barrackpore to Kalyani City via Kalyani Highway5. Joka to Diamond Harbour along Diamond Harbour Road6. Madhyamgram to Barrackpore via Sodepur Road and Kalyani Expressway7. Barasat to Barrackpore via State Highway - II, linking Barrackpore8. Basirhat to Mahanayak Uttam Kumar (Tollygunge) /Kavi Subash (New Garia) via Harua and Bhangar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ambala, haryana", "code": "11337431", "title": "Ambala accident: Ten children among 11 killed", "text": "AMBALA, HARYANA: Ten children on their way to school were among 11 killed and 20 others injured when an overloaded van carrying them collided head-on with a truck amid dense fog on the Saha-Shahabad road near here today.Police said the visibility was poor in the morning hours due to a thick blanket of fog and the two vehicles collided head-on near Bhita village, about 15 kms from here.The children were in the age group of 5 to 8 years.The school van, which was said to be overloaded, was carrying students of Arjun Public School, a private school, located near Saha, they said.The driver of the van succumbed to his injuries later, they said, adding the truck driver escaped from the accident spot.The injured have been admitted to hospitals in Ambala. Some of the seriously injured children have been rushed to PGI in Chandigarh.Senior officials of the Ambala district administration have rushed to the accident spot to help in rescue and relief measures.Seven of those killed had been identified so far. They are Divya, Rahul, Rishab, Raveesh, Pulkit, Harish and Anu.Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda has expressed grief over the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11333231", "title": "On New Year, Manipur prays for peace and prosperity", "text": "IMPHAL: Despite the presence of a large number of insurgent groups in the state, Manipur witnessed the least number of encounters between militants and security forces in the last year, as compared to previous years, even as people of the state prayed for a peaceful and prosperous 2012.The year that just ended also saw a record number of 240 cadres belonging to different outfits surrendering to the government.The number of militants gunned down by security forces across the state in 2011 was 11, a figure much smaller than 2010's record of 70.However, the government is not taking any chances and over 350 companies of central paramilitary forces would be deployed in the strife-torn state in view of the ensuing tenth state assembly polls slated for January 28.Trying to put behind the turbulent times the state has seen, people prayed on New Year's Day, wishing for peace, development and prosperity for Manipur in 2012.\"With a new year beginning, I pray to god to restore peace and communal harmony in Manipur and set the state on the path of rapid development. We also fervently appeal to all concerned not to resort to imposing economic blockades on the national highways in the coming year. We suffered tremendous hardships during the 120-day-long blockade of two highways by the SHDDC and the UNC in 2011,\" said S G Sharma, an Imphal resident.In his New Year greeting to the people of the state, governor Gurbachan Jagat said he wished 2012 would bring peace, bonhomie and harmony in the lives of all the people of Manipur.Chief minister O Ibobi Singh's New Year message was on similar lines and said, \"The New Year gives us a chance to renew our resolve to strive for individual as well as collective well-being.\" He further wished this year would bring peace, prosperity and happiness to all the people of Manipur.GOC of 57 mountain division Major General Binoy Poonen and inspector general of Assam Rifles (South) Major General UK Gurung and all ranks of the two forces prayed for peace, unity, harmony and all-round progress of the people of the state.With a new year beginning, I pray to god to restore peace and communal harmony in Manipur and set the state on the path of development. We also fervently appeal to all concerned not to impose economic blockades on the national highways in the coming year. We suffered tremendous hardships during the 120-day-long blockade in 2011S G Sharma | Imphal resident", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11331405", "title": "Vigilante squads to patrol Thane", "text": "THANE: Worried about the rising incidents of street crimes and house break-ins in Thane, vigilante groups comprising young volunteers from the Shiv Sena are planning to patrol city streets. \"These groups will team up with the police and assist them in fighting crime. A small group of volunteers will keep a vigil on two-wheelers at select spots,\" said Sena leader Eknath Shinde on Thursday.\"The volunteers won't double up as police officials and we don't intend to find fault with the Thane police. This is just a citizens' initiative to keep our neighbourhoods crime-free,\" he added. Shinde said he had discussed the plan with Thane police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi and claimed he had expressed in-principle agreement with the idea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332154", "title": "City's kidney hospital adjudged best in India", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Institute of Kidney Diseases and Research Centre (IKDRC) at Civil Hospital in Ahmedabad has been identified as the best kidney hospital in the country at the 'India Healthcare Awards 2011'.Out of more than 4000 hospitals and healthcare service providers in the country, the institute won the category 'Best single special hospital for urology and nephrology', at the event held in Delhi on December 22.\"The award is a great honor and appreciation for our services. It will add enthusiasm among our staff and students and motivate them to perform better,\" said H L Trivedi, founder and director of IKDRC.The hospitals were judged through a process of interviewing thousands of patients, doctors, nurses and medical representatives across the country. The process also took into account inputs from bureaucrats and social workers. \"The award was given to us after considering the services we provide - the patient care, research work, nursing, patient satisfactions and other such aspects,\" said Trivedi.Talking about the vision of the centre Trivedi said, \"Taking modern technology and care to the economically backward patients is our objective.\"Since the last 15 years, the institute has been making the highest number of kidney transplants in a year. Around 250 to 300 kidney transplants are made every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11330782", "title": "This UK national provides education and means of living for kids", "text": "COIMBATORE: Joe Homan, a UK national, landed in Palani Hills 45 years ago. He was so taken-aback by India's poverty that he decided to remain in India leaving behind his promising teaching career in the United Kingdom .\"The poverty in India shook me up that I decided to stay and help the destitute kids here. I have lived my life here and have never regretted my decision,\" he says. \"In fact, I bring youth from the west to help them see and understand the way of living in India,\" he added. Joe is currently 83 and wants to spend his last days in India. He has applied for dual citizenship and even decided the exact place he wants to be buried. He says that the happiness he is able to give the youth through his revolutionary project 'The Boys Town' is what keeps him going.Boys Town Society provides free shelter, food, clothing, education and much more to the downtrodden people of Southern India. Waking up at six, its beneficiaries do a variety of tasks from growing bananas to managing buffaloes. They also go to school. \"In India, I see that people value respect and honour more than money,\" says Joe.He first came to India in the summer of 1965 and has travelled through poverty stricken rural India. He started with just 48 transistors and now the total revenue of his project is around 400 crores. The best part is that this entire asset is dedicated to charity. In just ten years, he established eleven Boys Town and a Girls Town society too lately. \"The standard of public schools in India is very bad and thus I felt the need to provide the kids a better education,\" says Joe.Joe says that raising funds has been the most challenging aspect of his work. He used to visit UK twice a year for fund raising. He is a Christian Brother and taught for about 13 years in colleges in the west. Gone are the days where youngsters begged and wandered. Care is taken to ensure that only the needy are placed first. Joe's attempts to eradicate child labour by compensating the family so that kids can study, has helped many youngsters, mainly girls in 18 villages. Joe's rotary club in India actively participates in such activities.In addition to this, Joe is also credited with organising South India's first Bird Fair in 2004. The Perumbarai Environment Centre (PEC) in the Attur Taluk of Dindigul district is supervised by Joe Homan. \"The last 2 years of bird conservation has been excellent. PEC will have a butterfly park shortly. This is a commercial venture,\" he added. Conservation, according to him is very important. Western Ghats being one of the key centres of bio diversity should be preserved. \"In a couple of years, all organisations will focus on conservation themselves,\" says Joe. He finally says that Tamils are the best people to be with and he loves Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331428", "title": "Ambulances lose precious minutes at toll plaza queue", "text": "KOLKATA: Fifty-two-year-old Jayanta Chakrabarti had been gasping for breath when the ambulance carrying him from his Andul residence to SSKM Hospital reached the second Hooghly bridge toll plaza. Even as the siren kept wailing, the vehicle had to wait for its turn behind a dozen other cars. It took the ambulance a good 25 minutes to clear the plaza. By the time Chakrabarti, who had suffered a heart attack, was wheeled into the hospital's emergency another 10 minutes later, his condition had worsened.Scores of patients on their way to Kolkata hospitals from Howrah, Hooghly and Burdwan are being made to wait in queues at the plaza, leading to a loss of precious minutes that often turn out to be fatal.Ambulance operators were taken aback by the withdrawal of the emergency channel at the plaza. \"Everyday, we ferry at least two patients from Howrah and our ambulances invariably get stuck at the toll plaza. During the morning and evening rush, it takes around 20 minutes to get past the gates. There have been instances where our ambulance had to wait 40 minutes at the plaza. This could be fatal, especially for cardiac and neurological patients. We shall lodge a complaint with the transport department soon,\" said Amitabha Basu, secretary of St John's Ambulance. The police, Basu alleged, even force ambulances to undergo checks, leading to a further waste of time.Every minute wasted on the road could be dangerous for cardiac or cerebral stroke patients, said cardiologist PK Hajra. \"Once a patient suffers a cardiac arrest, every minute is crucial. Even if the patient survives a delay, it completely alters the mode of treatment,\" he said .As one approaches the plaza from Howrah, the second lane from the left is supposedly reserved for VIP vehicles and emergency transport like ambulances. For the last several months, it has been thrown open to all vehicles forcing ambulances to wait.On Friday afternoon, ToI was witness to an ambulance being stuck up for about 15 minutes at the plaza. It moved at a snail's pace behind a row of eight cars and a truck.Drivers and operators pointed out that they are often being detained with a vengeance and even accused of trying to avoid the toll. Delays have led to at least two deaths in the last one month, said D Ashish , head of Medical Bank, an NGO that runs two ambulances. \"It's not the question of money, but we are dealing with people's lives. Ambulances need an exclusive lane. Patients from places like Kolaghat, Sankrail, Bagnan and Andul are routinely being held up on the bridge. Kolkata patients on their way to hospitals in Howrah are facing the same problem. Nowhere in the country are ambulances made to queue up at a toll plaza,\" said Ashish.State agricultural marketing minister and Howrah central MLA Arup Ray said the VIP lane was supposed to remain out of bounds for ordinary vehicles. \"This is probably being done to handle the traffic load. But it should be stopped immediately. I will take it up with the authorities concerned,\" said Ray.Transport secretary BP Gopalika said the matter will have to be taken up with the HRBC, which is the competent authority. \"Our department alone can't take a decision. We must enquire with the HRBC and find out why ambulances were being held up. But it can't be done right away for the relevant files are with the finance department ,\" said Gopalika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11331492", "title": "2 shot at in fight outside Noida cafe", "text": "NOIDA: The New Year did not dawn well for two persons in the city as they sustained bullet injuries after a clash with another group who were in an inebriated state. One of the injured duo is the son of a BJP leader and is still admitted in the hospital. His condition is stable. Cops suspect it to be a case of personal enmity.Senior police officials stated that the victims have been identified as Kulvinder (22), son of BJP leader Mukhiya Gurjar, and his friend Sumit Sharma (30), a lawyer who practices in Tees Hazari court in Delhi. They had gone to celebrate the New Year at sector 18 along with 6-7 friends.DIG Jyoti Narayan said that a case of attempt to murder against unidentified men has been registered with sector 20 police station. \"The police team has some leads into the case. It seems to be a case of personal enmity,\" Narayan said.Cops said the incident occurred near Star Cafe in Savitri Market where the Kulvinder and his friends had stopped to buy coffee. They saw two groups fighting with each other and intervened to stop the altercation. \"While one group left, the other one sat down near the cafe. They then started an argument saying we should not have intervened. When we told them that it's New Year's Eve and one should not fight and just celebrate, two of them started using abusive language. When Kulvinder told them to avoid such language, they turned violent and two of them took out pistols and opened fire on us,\" victim Sumit Kumar told TOI.\"A bullet grazed my hand and hit Kulvinder in the stomach after which we rushed to the Kailash hospital. I was discharged in the wee hours while Kulvinder is still recuperating in the hospital,\" Sumit said. Police said that Kulvinder, a passout of Aurobindo College of Delhi University and resident of Dallupura in east Delhi, had gone to celebrate without informing his parents.In another incident, three youths in their early twenties were brutally thrashed by another group in a drunken state. One of the victims, a Delhi University student Hridesh said, \"I was celebrating the New Year with my two friends Rajiv and Rohit near KFC in sector 18. While we were dancing, a drunken man started quarrelling with my friend around 12.30am. The matter was resolved but the man returned after some time with others carrying lathis and started beating us. We were taken to Vinayak hospital. I sustained head injuries while my friend suffered a few fractures.\"Cops said the incident occurred after Kulvinder and his friends stopped a fight between two groups near Star Cafe in Savitri Market in Sector 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338313", "title": "Relationship resolutions to make this year", "text": "It's that time of the year when you may want to start your relationship afresh and forget past events. To help you get in the spirit of getting into a happy and peaceful relationship, here are a few resolutions you can makeSpend quality time with each otherYou're living in the same apartment, but how much time do you really spend together? Most of the time, you're sitting on the couch engrossed in watching a show on television. It's essential to spend quality time where you're actually connecting and talking to each other about something other than the kids or the mortgage or what kind of tiles you think should go in the bathroom.This year resolve to spend more quality time together. For 30 minutes every night you two can sit together and talk about ways to boost your bond.Think objectivelyFights crop up when you are not willing to budge and understand each other. Don't let this happen anymore. It's always better when both of you compromise and work out solutions rather than just one person doing it all the time. You need not be a winner in every argument. Don't let your ego ruin it all. There's no harm in making an effort to be more objective. Weigh out pros and cons of both sides instead of just thinking about yourself. Reaching a compromise is the best way to keep your relationship on track and avoid resentment.Communication is the keyCommunication is the solution of all major problems in life. Most of the times you end up assuming certain things about your partner or misunderstanding a situation. It's always better to openly discuss whatever's on your mind. Make better communication your top priority. If you have something to say, say it. Do not wait for the right time or it might be just too late. Don't expect the other person to understand the situation without you saying a single word. To avoid confusion, be straightforward. This year try your best to communicate in a way that makes things easier on you and your partner.Enjoy each other's companyOnce you've been together for a while, you might forget all about having fun. Life might seem boring to you. Priorities shift, so it can often feel like there isn't any time to have fun. Not this year. Make fun a top priority to revitalize your relationship. You can take a walk to a nearby cafe to have your post-dinner coffee rather than making it at home or go for a Sunday morning hike with family instead of getting engrossed in the television or your computer. The point is to focus more on enjoying yourselves as a couple rather than getting too bogged down with household chores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11333410", "title": "Blooper on site leaves CIC red-faced", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission's (CIC) inordinate delay has come to light in the five appeals filed between October and December 2010, which were heard together on September 30 last year. While the order in one appeal was given on the day of hearing, for the other four appeals the order was dispatched to appellant only in December-end.The four orders, however, still show September 30 as the date when it was passed. On the CIC website, none of the five orders is listed in the name of IIT respondents, but the HRD ministry's department of school education and literacy. The ministry was not even party to the case. CIC's website lists the case as Rajeev Kumar vs. department of school education and literacy.The first appeal related to information in all cases of admissions in IIT-Kanpur of the wards of faculty members/scientific officers since 2000. The CIC ordered IIT-Kanpur to provide the information. The second appeal was about information regarding number of students who have answered correctly, wrongly and did not attempt each question of papers I and II of JEE, 2010. The CIC told IIT-Madras that conducted JEE in 2010 to provide the records just the way IIT-Kanpur did for JEE, 2011.Kumar's third appeal sought details of IIT-Kharagpur faculty members involved in consultancy along with the honorarium paid to them. The CIC asked IIT-Kharagpur to give the information. It said in case IIT-Kharagpur feels information is scattered and cannot be easily gathered without committing huge resources, then supporting affidavit should be filed in the commission.Kumar had also asked IIT-Madras to give names and details of all candidates, who appeared in both papers of JEE, 2010, in mathematics, physics and chemistry along with two ways of evaluation that was undertaken as a corrective measure. IIT-Madras told CIC that names of candidates, parents' name are available on the website but that of SC/ST categorization is not uploaded. CIC asked IIT-Madras to file an affidavit to the commission that no intermediate data is generated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11331233", "title": "Revellers fight it out on New Year eve", "text": "BHOPAL: Celebrations on the New Year's eve turned ugly at a number of places in the state capital late on Saturday as revellers fought with each other at several places. The police registered cases and counter cases in most of the cases.Noting few of the major ones, a local BJP MLA and his family members entered into a brawl with students at the Kasturba Nagar area, that falls under the limits of Govindpura police station.The police said Arun Padey, representative of a local BJP MLA and his family members had a fight with students Abhishek, Prahlad, Siddharth, Hemant and few others. The two parties were busy in the New Year's celebrations in the same building in the Kasturba Nagar.The issue started when brother of Pandey went to the students to ask them for not being too noisy. However, the dispute soon turned violent and the two sides came to blows with each other using rods and sticks.The situation came under control only after the intervention of police. Around four persons were reported to have sustained injuries in the incident.A similar incident was reported on the PNT Square in Kamla Nagar police station area.The police said Shiv Bhajan Singh and his friend Ganesh entered into a scuffle with Dinesh, who is also a small time BJP leader. The dispute was while playing cards.Further, another such incident was reported in the Ashoka Garden area where two families, including a woman had a fight over some issue during the New Year's celebrations.Police said the incident occurred in the Shankar Garden. The families of Asha Yadav and Jyoti Tomar had a fight over a trivial issue. A counter case has been registered in the incident on their complaints.Two youths attacked each other with sharp edged weapons in Barkhedi area. Police said Dharmendra Yadav and Sonu Sahu are having an old dispute.They again came across during the celebrations and attacked each other. Counter case in this regard was later registered in the Jehangirabad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331507", "title": "Rally to seek Norway kids' release", "text": "KOLKATA: A silent procession will be held in the city is going to host a silent procession next week to press for the release of the two children of a Norway-based Indian couple, Sagarika and Anurup Bhattacharya. The children, are in the custody of a Norwegian child care agency since May, 2011.A memorandum will be handed over to the Norwegian consulate in the city on January 9 for release of the children who are in the custody of a Norwegian child care agency since May 2011.Sagarika's father Monotosh Chakraborty said that they are organizing the procession as the children had been forcefully taken away from their biological parents. The procession will start from Rabindra Sadan and will move to Rabindra Sarovar where the office of Norway's honorary consul is located. Chakraborty said that there they will hand over a memorandum demanding return of his grand-children to the Honorary Consul of Norway.Chakraborty said that he has been getting great support from social networking sites and even different clubs and organizations will participate in this march for release of his grandchildren, \"as this is a case of true violation of child rights.\"The Norway agency took away the two children Avigyan, 3 and Aishwarya, 1, on grounds that their mother was inept in caring fors them. Even a court in Norway gave a verdict in favour of foster care of the two children till they turn 18. Their mother Sagarika can meet them only once in six months, that too for an hour.Monotosh Chakraborty, father of Sagarika said that they are organizing the procession as the children were not being allowed to be with their biological parents. The silent procession will start from Rabindra Sadan and will go to Rabindra Sarovar where the office of Norway's honorary consul is located.Chakraborty said that there they will hand over a memorandum demanding return of his grand-children to the Honorary Consul of Norway. He said that he is getting great support from social networking sites and even different clubs and organisations are also going to participate in this march for release of his grandchildren, \"as this is a case of true violation of child rights.\"Earlier Chakraborty and his wife Sikha had gone to Norway to take custody of their grandchildren as foster parents but they were denied. Similarly the parents of Anurup failed to get custody of their grandchildren, though Norway law says that grandchildren can be foster parents, if that are not sick and economically sound.Speaking to TOI from Norway, Anurup Bhattacharya said, that they are waiting for help from the Indian embassy in Oslo. \"Some officials from the Indian embassy rang up, but any effective help is yet to come.\"Sagarika, the mother is highly depressed as the two kids, Avigyan and Aishwarya are now living with two different foster families since December. \"This is something inhuman. How can you take away a 1 year old baby from her mother? Moreover Aishwarya had been separated from her brother and placed with a separate foster family. Earlier they were with the same foster parents,\" Anurup Bhattacharya said.Already the Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had contacted the external affairs ministry and she is keeping a tab on the developments of the case, a senior officer in the CM secretariat said. The external affairs ministry has asked the Indian embassy at Norway to help the couple so they can be united with their children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11332308", "title": "Manmohan set for maiden visit to Congress Bhavan", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Fighting the ruling BJD with its back to the wall, the state unit of Congress is looking forward to inject some enthusiasm in its rank and file when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visits the party office here on Tuesday.The Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee has decided to submit a memorandum to Singh during his 15-minute stay at Congress Bhavan, party sources said. The memorandum would highlight alleged misuse of central government funds by the Naveen Patnaik government, deterioration of law and order in the state, especially 21 districts affected by left wing extremism, and corruption during the BJD regime, sources added.Singh is scheduled to arrive at Congress Bhavan at 11:45 am on Tuesday after inaugurating the 99th Indian Science Congress at KIIT University. This would be maiden occasion when Singh would visit the Congress office here. \"We will take up issues like misuse of central funds and spread of Maoist activities to 21 districts of the state before the Prime Minister,\" OPCC president Niranjan Patnaik said.A party release said the OPCC would hold an expanded executive committee meeting on Monday to finetune strategies ahead of Singh's visit. All India Congress Committee general secretary in charge of Odisha Jagdish Tytler will attend the expanded executive committee meeting.The Congress, which got drubbings in the Kendrapada municipality elections and Umerkote bypoll in November, is trying to hear up party workers ahead of Singh's meeting. \"We expect Singh to give a pep talk to senior party leaders so as to spur for forthcoming challenges like the three-tier panchayat polls and Athagarh Assembly byelection,\" a Congress leader said, adding, \"The Prime Minister coming to the state party office would surely instill excitement in the party rank and file.\"Not all in the Grand Old Party though are optimistic that Singh's trip would fetch electoral dividends for them. \"That Singh has accepted OPCC's invitation and visiting Congress Bhavan is definitely good news, but that might not mean much when it comes to elections. The state unit has to work as a cohesive unit and gain public trust before its electoral prospects can revive,\" the party leader opined.Meeting of the samdhansBHUBANESWAR: Ratnamala Patnaik's household is abuzz with activity. The samdhan (mother of son-in-law) of Manmohan Singh is anxiously waiting for Gursharan Kaur, the Prime Minister's wife, to come calling on Tuesday. Though police is tightlipped over the issue, Patnaik's elder daughter Rajalaxmi told TOI they were eagerly expecting to welcome Kaur. Singh is unlikely to accompany his wife to the Patnaik house at Unit III in the city as he is scheduled to inaugurate the 99th Indian Science Congress and make a brief trip to Congress Bhavan. \"Dr Singh might not come, but we are confident Gurusharan would pay a visit,\" said Ratnamala, whose IPS officer son Ashok was married to Daman (the PM's second daughter) in 1991.No speech by PMBHUBANESWAR: The State Election Commission has given the go-ahead to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Congress Bhavan after the party assured it in writing that the premier would not deliver any speech or hold a public meeting, commission sources said. The Congress has told the commission the PM would just pay a visit to the party office, sources added. The commission's nod was necessary as the process for the panchayat polls in the state is on and any speech or public meeting by the PM could have amounted to violation of model code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "11336747", "title": "Indian student shot dead in Canada", "text": "TORONTO: An Indian student, working part time at a convenience store, was shot dead in the western Canadian city of Surrey, in a shocking Christmas Day attack.Alok Gupta, 27, had volunteered to work the afternoon shift to allow the store owners celebrate Christmas together, and was killed by an unidentified gunman.It is not yet clear whether Gupta was shot during a robbery attempt.Police is yet to make an arrest in connection with the case, but say they do not believe it was gang-related.\"The victim was working Christmas Day as a good deed to the owners who wished to celebrate Christmas together,\" said Sgt. Jennifer Pound of the Integrated Homicide Investigation Team.Gupta sought help at a nearby residence and was taken to hospital. However, he was pronounced dead a short while later, Sgt. Pound was quoted as saying by the Vancouver Sun newspaper.\"Although it appears that the victim died from a gunshot wound, the cause of death will ultimately be confirmed through an autopsy,\" she said.Gupta's brother-in-law Nitin Bhutani said his family is in a state of shock since they were informed of the shocking death.Bhutani said Gupta, who was studying Master's in Business Administration at the Kwantlen University, was getting \"excellent grades\" and was close to the top of his class.The family's main concern is that police arrest Gupta's murderer, Mr. Bhutani told CTV News from Germany.\"We want that Alok should get justice and the guy who is at large, who did that, should be put behind bars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11332874", "title": "\u2018Cops can\u2019t refuse FIR saying info unreliable\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Police cannot refuse to register a case on the ground that information given by the complainant is not reliable or credible, the Bombay high court has said directing the city police to initiate an inquiry against Andhra Pradesh police officers for alleged extortion and threat.\"It is a well-established position that it is no business of a police officer to inquire as to whether the information laid before him is reliable or genuine and refuse to register a case on the ground that the information is not reliable or credible,\" a division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and P D Kode observed recently.The court was hearing a petition filed by businessman Mukesh Gokal, seeking direction to police to register FIR against three Andhra Pradesh police officers and another person, claiming to be a close-aide of former AP chief minister Rajasekhara Reddy.According to the petitioner, he had entered into a business transaction with an Andhra Pradesh-based company Lalitha Fashions in 2000. However, after Gokal had failed to deliver some material on time, the company had registered a case of cheating against him, the investigations of which were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337446", "title": "Priyanka Chopra hosts shows", "text": "Priyanka Chopra played host to not one but two film crews last week. The actress arranged a special trial of Don 2 for the entire unit of Anurag Basu's Barfi and Kunal Kohli's yet untitled film with Shahid. A source reveals that PC was so excited that she wanted each and every member of the unit to attend the trial. After the show ended, she went up to everyone asking them what they thought of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11330817", "title": "Two arrested for data theft", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two employees of a textile shop were arrested for stealing important data from an establishment in Tirupur city on Saturday evening.Tirupur police said R Pugalenthi of Tiruvarur district, completed Plus Two and was working as a purchase manager at Chennai Silks in Tirupur town. He quit the job recently and joined as manager in a textile shop in Namakkal district.Prabhu Sankar of Attaiyampalayam in Tirupur district completed computer related diploma course and was working as a purchase manager in Chennai Silks in Tirupur city. But Pugalenthi and Prabhu Sankar had close contact and shared important documents of Chennai Silks. The textile shop management suspected that Prabhu Sankar had downloaded all the customers contacts and other important data from the office computer to his mobile phone and he had sent the data to Pugalenthi.The shop management accused that Pugalenthi had sent offer messages to all their customers and tried to attract them. This would affect the business.Tirupur Chennai silks manager A Radhakrishan lodged a complaint with Tirupur south police station on Saturday and the police have booked the duo under Section 66 of the Information Technology Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11332632", "title": "An 86-yr-old\u2019s quest for his missing brother", "text": "SIRSA: The release of 32 Indians from Pakistan jails last month could not get any good news for Suraj Bhan, 86, who is a resident of Ellenabad. His younger brother Madan Lal went missing 44 years ago, and the Indian high commission in Pakistan had confirmed Madan's presence in a jail there.With tears rolling down his eyes, Suraj Bhan said, \"Give me some information about Maddi (Madan Lal). I want to meet him before I die.\"Recalling the day when destiny snatched Suraj's brother from him, he said, \"On May 2, 1967, I and Madan were on our way to Sirsa when he (Madan) disappeared in the blink of an eye. He has not been traced since. A missing report was lodged on June 24, 1967, but the police failed to crack the mystery.\"According to the communication by Indian high commission, Madan Lal crossed the borders illegally and was put in Bhavnaga jail of Pakistan.Suraj said, \"After many letters to the human rights commission and Pakistan's high commission, only one reply was received in 1984, which confirmed that Madan was put behind bars. The reply mentioned that he was however untraceable at that time.\"Suraj Bhan said he spent many sleepless nights trying to discover a way to bring his brother back home. \"MP of Sirsa Dr Ashok Tanwar assured me that he would bring up the issue in the parliament,\" he said.\"I am completely shattered. I cannot locate a cloud with a silver lining. Name of Sarbjeet might have echoed through the parliament many times, but nobody thought of locating my brother in Pakistan,\" he cried. Meanwhile, the Sirsa MP could not be contacted but officials at his camp office confirmed that Suraj Bhan had met with the MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331577", "title": "Quick response helped: Fireman", "text": "KOLKATA: More than two hours after the fire broke out, T K Dutta, his khaki dripping wet, escorted fire deputy director Asit Sarkar to the seventh-floor Kotak Mahindra Bank server room to point out to him the \"seat of fire\".Dutta told them, \"Sir, since we could quickly detect the source, the fire could be controlled fast.\" Sarkar nodded in appreciation. Job done, Dutta - OC, Fire (Headquarters) - then marshalled his resources for their next task. They'd to rush to APC Road to douse the flames at a garment shop.Dutta, in perpetual hurry, said he didn't check his watch when he left for Apeejay House. The logbook says the Fire brigade was informed at 12.53pm. \"We reached the spot within five minutes of receiving the call. That we reached so fast made all the difference. We could stall both the flame and smoke within a limited zone,\" said Dutta.The thick smoke before Kodak Mahindra's server room acted as an impenetrable veil. \"The first thing we did was to break open the window-panes of the seventh floor to let the smoke escape ouof this centrally air-conditioned building so that the smoke can escape,\" he said.Dutta only smiled when asked how they identified the seat of fire. \"I have been battling flames has been my life for the last 23 years. You can call that experience. The manner in which the flames were billowing out, it wasn't difficult to trace it,\" he said.The fire had covered almost the entire 200 -square-feet server room and had spread to other areas, too. \"We asked the security personnel to snap the electricity line immediately as fire was spreading to the eighth floor through electrical wires,\" he added.The valve of the fire hydrant of the floor did not work for the first 20 minutes. Thus, we had to operate six engines to lift water from the underground reservoir of the building. But later it started working making the job easier, he said. Dutta's statements will be critical, for on his report will hinge any subsequent action taken by the Fire brigade.Coal India security guard Partha Ojha had just finished his lunch when he smelt smoke on the seventh floor. Rushing upstairs, he was horrified to find the Kotak Mahindra server room on fire. Along with two of his colleagues, he sprinted down the stairs and informed the Apeejay House security guards. Fumes had started wafting into the sixth-floor Coal India office by then.\"It was a Sunday so we were taking it easy. Suddenly, we smelt the smoke and it gushed in from the direction of the stairs. Then, the lights went off and we knew it was a fire. But was it a big one and where was it? For the next few minutes we didn't know whether to leave our office and rush down or just stay put. Then the fumes started choking us. We were reminded of the hospital fire last month. Without wasting a minute, we left the building. Initially, we were worried that the flames might spread to our floor, which is just a level below. We kept a watch from the ground. Some of us even rushed to Kyd Street to check if the flames had spread. Luckily, the fire brigade arrived in time and did a wonderful job. within 15 minutes and did a wonderful job. It could have been a disaster had it happened on a working day\" said Ojha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "11331664", "title": "Truck mows down youth in Faridabad", "text": "FARIDABAD: A 20-year-old youth died in a road accident in Faridabad on New Year's Eve. The victim, Dharamveer, a resident of Sihi village near Sector-7, was riding his motorcycle when around 7.20pm a speeding truck hit him near the YMCA Institute of Engineering.His body was spotted by a neighbour , who immediately alerted his family and the cops. A mob soon collected at the spot and started raising anti-police slogans. They alleged the killer trucker escaped due to police negligence. Finally, at the intervention of senior officers, who reached the spot, the protesters broke off around midnight.In another incident, a Faridabad policeman displayed great professional spirit when he put his own life in jeopardy to catch a few drunk youngsters in a car.Constable Mohammad Sadiq held onto a car that tried to speed away when it was stopped at a check post. The accused driver, Saurabh Singh, stepped on the gas when cops started questioning him and the other occupants in the car. Sadiq, who was standing at the front, held on to the car as it hit two buses, one truck, a car and a bike.Sadiq lost his grip and hurt both his legs, while a woman riding pillion on the bike sustained a hand fracture. Two persons were arrested, but the driver Saurabh and another youth are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331800", "title": "Horn ok? City says 'no please'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first day of the year was celebrated as \"No Honking Day\" in the capital- in the fourth year in a row. Given the tendency of Delhi drivers to honk incessantly on roads, volunteers of an NGO on Sunday dissuaded drivers from using horns on ITO crossing and Shanker Chowk, Gurgaon.The NGO, Earth Saviours Foundation, is planning to file a Public Interest Litigation in courts for implementation of Supreme Court rule 119 and additional sections that bans the blowing of pressure horns within 100 meters radius around hospitals, schools, at traffic signals, at road jams, residential areas and other no honking zones.The campaign's slogan ran, \"Even a dog does not bark without reason.\" The NGO volunteers said that in the same manner, drivers should also not honk without reason.\"It has been found that 70% of noise pollution in metros is due to blowing horn. It can also cause severe headache , high blood pressure and hearing problems. While horns are used in emergency situations in developed nations, Indian cities use horn like the rattle of a toy. People do not even give space to an ambulance to pass by and single-mindedly look for their own right of way. This not only disturbs the peace but also affects tourism,\" said founder and president of the NGO.Volunteers were painting the slogans of 'Blow Horn' and 'Horn Please' written behind vehicles in black. They were also sticking 'Do not honk' behind private vehicles. While volunteers circulated pamphlets to spread awareness, a team of volunteers stood on top of an ambulance holding silent dogs to compliment the theme.A 21-year-old politics and law student from Japan, Aiko Kubuki, was in Delhi to volunteer with the NGO. \"I came to Delhi three weeks ago as I am interested in studying the social issues surrounding the culture here,\" she said to TOI.Currently, blowing a horn at a banned area means a fine of Rs 100-500. \"This PIL will for the first time order transport and police departments to remove 'Horn Please' signs from the back of commercial and semi-commercial vehicles in India,\" said Kalra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11332815", "title": "CEC seeks statute cover for poll heads", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the episode involving the demand over his predecessor's removal, Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi feels there is need for a constitutional amendment to give protection to the election commissioners so that they are not under any pressure.He also favours automatic elevation of the senior-most EC to the post of chief election commissioner.\"Theoretically, it is a very dangerous situation. The two election commissioners can over-rule me ten times a day and make me totally helpless. They can do it under pressure of the government. The government threatening to get them removed... or in order to promote them,\" he said in an interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11331323", "title": "Is everything lost? Artistes don't think so", "text": "Even today, when a musician comes to perform in Kolkata, more often than not the performer says that this city is still the Mecca of music. Whether or not this remark is made out of a sense of habit or because of a leftover feeling of genuine appreciation is anybody's guess. But there is a large section of people who believe that the standard of music, the quality of performers as well as the audience have taken a dip in Kolkata.Gimmicks in the name of wooing the youth, a compelling craze towards being a saleable 'product' for sponsors even to the extent of compromising music for the sake of being populist and an increasing interest only in all things Bollywood have collectively contributed to a shift in preferences from the undiluted to gallery-driven exercises.Of course, not everyone would want to nod in agreement saying all things in the past were good. Romancing nostalgia necessarily can't mean that nothing of what's happening today stands a chance.\"People have this habit of saying 'Oi je shei nolen gur ta kheyechhilam, setar swad ar paina'. I don't buy this logic at all. Just because people don't stand up and criticize musicians if they go wrong doesn't mean all is lost. Earlier, even if one criticized it would be the guru or the father doing so and that, too, in front of an audience that had the doyens of music. Anyone passing a comment without knowing the subject is not going to help matters. The number of concerts happening now has increased drastically and only a fool who attends so many concerts will not be able to imbibe the essence of good music,\" says Pt Shankar Ghosh.But then, what about talks of gimmicks that many young musicians indulge in today? Cheek-percussion is as much a fad as a bald pate, a diamond stud and goatee. But ask most of them to play a true-blue composition on the cheek to show their skill and chances are that the numbers will dwindle to a single digit. The mantra is to go hip and accentuate on packaging, says Ustad Aashish Khan.\"Cheek-percussion has become an eye-sore of sorts. If one really has to play a composition, one should do it on the tabla. For heaven's sake, spare the cheeks! I live in the West and know how hard musicians out there struggle to make a mark. Ei shob chyablamo kore na ora music er naam e. Mindlessly aping the West is only misguiding the youngsters. There is a proverb that goes like: 'Na ghar ka na ghat ka'. These performers are in that comfortably numb space of being in a no-man's land. Then, there is the trend of breaking into a song while playing an instrument and using the alibi of following the 'gayaki' ang. Every instrumentalist follows that ang. As a sarod player from the Senia Maihar gharana, I also follow the gayaki ang. But that's the Dhrupad gayaki ang which originated from Mian Tansen. Just punctuating an instrumental recital with vocal music without mentioning which gayaki ang (is it ghazal gayaki ang or thumri gayaki ang) is only an attempt to fool the audience. I've also heard how musicians even in recent times have been reprimanded for such indulgences. There are still people around who have the guts to say: \"Ei je apnar gaan shunte ashini, sarod/sitar ta shunte esehchhi\".And who can forget this fetish for creating new ragas? It's not that simple to create a raga beyond the existing ones. Only the really learned can attempt that. Just tweaking around with a traditional raga and giving it a new name is playing to the galleries.\"Meanwhile, even the galleries today don't often boast of connoisseurs. Today, more often than not, the front rows are vacant (guests of sponsors don't turn up always). Cases of stalwarts sitting in the front row are few and far between. The packed schedule of musicians doesn't allow them the luxury to listen. Then again, some also don't buy the logic that listening, as much as riyaaz, is important for one's growth. Pt Kushal Das says it's high time musicians owned up for their own fall in quality before pinning the blame on the audience for not being learned enough. \"Instead of blaming the audience, why can't we, once and for all, accept that we are not doing that good music any longer? Once I had had a long debate on this issue with the famous instrument maker Hiren Roy. He had cut me short saying it's futile to talk about degeneration of the audience in Kolkata. The fact of the matter is that performers are not giving that kind of recitals. If they could, there was no way the audience would have accepted anything below a certain benchmark. Good performances result in good audiences. It's a symbiotic relationship,\" Kushal says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11332041", "title": "First-time Noida voters to get photo IDs on Jan 25", "text": "NOIDA: First-time voters of Gautam Budh Nagar, who have just crossed the age of 18 years, will get their photo IDs for the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls in February from the district administration on January 25 - the National Voters' Day. All other voters who had registered for their electoral cards in a campaign launched by the administration will start receiving the same from January 2.The Election Commission of India has marked January 25 as National Voters' Day from 2011, as this was the day the poll body came into being in 1950. The objective for celebrating the day as a voters' day is to increase enrolment so that universal adult franchise becomes a reality.\"January 2 onwards, all voters who have registered their names for photo electoral cards can collect the same from their respective booth-level officers,\" said ADM (E), Sushil Kumar Maurya. \"We will disburse the cards to first-time voters on National Voters' Day,\" added Maurya. Electoral registration officers have been instructed to hold back disbursal of ID cards to first-time voters. The district administration will organize booth-level and district-level functions on January 25, following which cards would be distributed to the young citizens.Election Commission of India has marked January 25 as National Voters' Day from 2011, as this was the day the poll body came into being in 1950.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11335255", "title": "PlayBook @ 50% discount offer gets extended", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within days of slashing prices of its PlayBook tablet PC by almost half, Blackberry-maker RIM has said the device is sold out in retail outlets across the country, which has prompted it to extend the festive offer by a week.\"We are pleased to see the excitement and overwhelming response to our limited festive season offer on BlackBerry PlayBook. I believe that the 16-GB and 32-GB version of the PlayBook is completely sold out in the retail channels,\" Research In Motion Managing Director India Sunil Dutt said.Buoyed by the huge response, the company has now decided to extend the offer by a week, he said.The company sold more than 12,000 devices in just four days since the offer was announced on December 28 and distributors -- Redington and Ingram -- are waiting for new stock to come in.\"This limited festive offer has propelled a huge surge in PlayBook purchases in the last few days. We have sold over 12,000 PlayBooks across the country within these four days of the offer period, which ended on December 31, 2011,\" the distributors said.Fresh stock is coming in to cater to the demand of customers for the extended offer period of one more week, they added.Canadian firm Research In Motion (RIM) has slashed the price of its PlayBook by more than half to Rs 13,490 for the 16-GB version to cash in on the festive season and rising demand for tablet PCs in India.A tablet PC, though smaller in size, has PC-like functionalities.\"BlackBerry continues to be an aspirational brand and we have seen a huge uptake in the market across the country for PlayBook during this offer period,\" Dutt said.RIM, known for its BlackBerry series of phones, had introduced PlayBook in June in the Indian market.The 16-GB version of the PlayBook is available at a more than 50 per cent discount from the regular price of Rs 27,990. Prices for 32 GB and 64 GB versions were also cut. The 32-GB version was available at Rs 15,990, while the 64-GB model was priced at Rs 24,490 under the offer.The devices are originally priced at Rs 32,990 (32GB) and Rs 37,990 (64GB).The Canadian firm had launched the PlayBook in India, along with other markets like the UK, the Netherlands, Hong Kong , Australia and the UAE .The seven-inch tablet runs on a new operating system built by QNX Software Systems - a RIM unit that makes software used to run everything from cars to nuclear reactors. Users can go online only using a Wi-Fi network or by synchronising the device to their BlackBerry smartphones.According to analysts, sales in the tablet PC segment in India are expected to touch one million units over the next 12 months.With 3G (high-speed internet services) being rolled out aggressively, the opportunity has only expanded, they said.Since the launch of Apple's iPad in the country, the tablet market has been witnessing huge competition, with more and more new contenders launching their devices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "raipurrani (panchkula)", "code": "11332018", "title": "'Rahul brawled habitually'", "text": "RAIPURRANI (PANCHKULA): Though most neighbours in the nondescript home town of Rahul Sahu, 25, the main accused in the double murder of siblings in Chandigarh on December 16 last year, were aware of his drug addiction, involvement in street brawls and scuffles but the murder allegations against him have come as a surprise for them. Rahul's family had moved here from Delhi around 17 years ago.Pardeep Kumar, a neighbour, who has a shop in the main bazaar here is angry because different police teams had come calling at his doorstep over the last one week asking about Rahul's whereabouts, whose family too was summoned by the Chandigarh police last week for questioning.\"Such things don't happen in this small town,\" he said, while adding \"Rahul was quarrelsome by nature and he had also humiliated Jagan Nath, the maternal uncle of the deceased siblings (Gurang and Kavita) at a family function here about two years ago.\"Pawan Kumar, 52, the landlord who has rented the ground floor of his one storey house to Rahul's family said, \"I was aware about his addiction and knew he indulged in street brawls and scuffles but I never imagined that he could commit such a heinous crime.\"Pawan had rented the ground floor of his house to Amar Chand Sahu, father of the prime accused in the murder case, Rahul, around a year ago and before that the family had spent around 16 years in another rented accommodation in the same locality.Sunita Devi, who too is a resident of the main bazaar said, \"We always kept a distance from him due to his addiction, and sometimes we heard about verbal altercations between Rahul and his family members.\" Chaman Lal, a member of Raipurrani's local body, said, \"It is the first time that we have heard of somebody from Raipur Rani indulging in such a heinous crime,\" while adding the entire family left town on December 27. Lal said various teams of police personnel in plain clothes have been visiting the town for the last one week and the Sahu family has become the hot topic of discussion in the area.Accused Rahul is the second son of Amar Chand, who is a government teacher with the Haryana education department. Rahul had been admitted to three different drug addiction centres in Ambala and Karnal districts of Haryana but he could not give up his addiction. Naresh Kumar, Rahul's elder brother, is married and his younger brother Kaisar is a bachelor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336594", "title": "Welcome 2012!", "text": "The rain gods were merciful and they didn't let the party brigade of Chennai down.As a bright sun rose up on the morning of the very first day of 2012, it stood proof to the fact that the night that had gone by, along with the year, was one filled with revelries and good cheer. The youngsters had packed this nightclub, like most others in the city, to the hilt. Never mind the cover charges, this was an evening to celebrate.So the folks of this beautiful city loosened their purse strings and allowed themselves to be carried away in the spirit of all things hip, cool and youthful. The energy and enthusiasm of the partygoers were infectious as they welcomed in the New Year in a way that only Chennaiites can. Live it up fellas, and have wonderful year ahead, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11332190", "title": "Women should know how much skin they should cover: Karnataka minister", "text": "HUBLI: Karnataka's women and child welfare minister C C Patil assumed tones of a moral policeman on Sunday saying, \"I personally don't favour women wearing provocative clothes and always feel they need to be dignified in whatever they wear.\" He also said women should know how much skin they should cover.Patil was speaking to TOI on Andhra Pradesh director general of police Dinesh Reddy attributing the rise in rape cases to women dressing provocatively by wearing \"flimsy and fashionable\" dresses. Patil said incidents like rape and sexual harassment occur when moral values among men decline - the subtext being women dressing \"provocatively\" cause men's morals to nosedive.\"Today's lifestyle makes it mandatory for women to work like men and live on equal terms with them. So women work in IT companies and call centres at night, they ought to know how much skin they should cover when they leave for such work places. Thus, I leave the issue of their dressing to them,\" said Patil.\"I do not insist on a dress code for women because women belonging to various castes and communities dress according to their culture and tradition. Many women wear saris while others wear salwar. At the same time, there are western outfits like low-waist jeans also easily available in the market. But it's up to women to decide which dress is safe for them,\" he said.Perhaps apprehending he would be accused of being a misogynist, Patil hastily added, \"Over the centuries, we have given respectful position and dignified status to women. We worship women in many ways. As a mark of respect to women, many rivers are named after them in the country which only indicates the respect we have towards women.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11331420", "title": "A walk to connect city\u2019s heritage", "text": "BHOPAL: About 20 people from the city started off their new year day on Sunday with a \"heritage walk\" that covered the important heritage sites in the state capital. The walk organized jointly by the Swami Vivekananda Library in association with AG8 Akriti Group and I Aspire Academy was aimed to generate an awareness about the rich heritage of the city.\"Indeed it was a walk to remember\", is what participants described about the 'heritage walk' in the city of lakes.Starting at Kamlapati Mahal and concluding at Taj Mahal in Shahjehanabad, the walk covered 19 key heritage spots of the city including the tombs of Faiz Mohammmed and Ma Ji Sahib, Gauhar Mahal, Moti Mahal Tajul Masjid, Moti Masjid and Taj Mahal Palace among others.Says Jashna Dehariya, an IAS aspirant, and a participant of the walk said, \"It was the perfect start to the new year. We explored places that we pass almost daily but never stopped by to explore until today.\"Having been in the city since the last five years, she says that her natural inclination towards history and heritage drew her to participate in the 'walk,' despite having stayed up till 3 am the previous night.Agrees Nimit Agrawal, \"I partied with my hostel friends on New Year's Eve but since going for this walk was a priority, I decided to tuck in early.\" \"Partying with friends can be organized anytime but a walk like this was a rare opportunity to come by,\" he added. Devendra Singh Chouhan, another participant, felt that the stones and carvings of the Taj Mahal spoke of a bygone era.He said, \"The architecture and engineering of the Nawabi era was unmatched.\" Umakant Tripathi, a CLAT aspirant, was awed at the rich heritage that the city presented.He described the walk as a tryst with the Nawabi culture and a feel of the royal city.Youth guide Sikandar Mallik took the motley group across the 19 destinations and weaved the story of each heritage spot in lucid detail.The heritage walk also threw up the sorry state that most of these heritage monuments were in. \"The walk educated us on the grand past of these structures. We were pained to see the present dilapidated state,\" said a participant.While another said, \"At Gol Ghar near Pari Bazaar, we were shocked to see that the windows had been stolen. Also at most places there was no security or manning. There is almost no historical preservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337850", "title": "Nagarjuna to open an upmarket eatery", "text": "Actor Nagarjuna and his business partner Preetam Reddy are at it again. The duo that launched nightclub Touch and went on to launch the very successful N Bar and Grill followed by their convention centre, N Convention, have another venture in the offing.The actor is currently busy working towards wrapping up the finishing touches of his fine-dining restaurant located in the posh locality of Jubilee Hills in Hyderabad. \"\"The eatery was originally conceptualized to be an upmarket bistro and cafe on the lines of those that dot France and Italy's streets, but the duo had a change of heart and finally zeroed onto launching a two-floored swanky restaurant,\"\" says a source.Going by the success the actor has had along with good-friend and partner Preetam Reddy - husband of former Mrs India and Kingfisher calendar model-turned-designer Shilpa Reddy - in Hyderabad's hospitality sector so far, Tollywood personalities are eagerly awaiting for the launch of Nag's latest venture. \"\"The actor is nowadays spending a good chunk of his time at the venue along with interior designers, speeding up the completion of the project. The restaurant that boasts of private dining sections, is expected to be launched by February amid much fanfare in the attendance of T-town celebs,\"\" adds the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11333691", "title": "Women go to the doctor more often than men", "text": "It's now confirmed. Women pop to the doctor more often than men \"as they are the sicker sex\" .A new study by researchers at the Public Health Agency of Barcelona has found that women did report health problems more often.However, they also suffered from a higher rate of chronic diseases. The researchers said this disproved the theory that women tend to over- report health problems or pay more attention to their symptoms than men.Writing in the latest 'European Journal of Public Health' , they said: \"These results suggest that the poorer self-rated health of women is a reflection of the higher burden of disease they suffer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331535", "title": "State to revamp grain distribution", "text": "MUMBAI: Alarmed by the rampant irregularities and black marketing of foodgrain supplied under the Public Distribution System ( PDS), the state government has decided to introduce a brand new scheme.To be referred to as the Food Guarantee Scheme (FGS), the programme will be put up for the approval of the state cabinet on Monday. Almost 50% of foodgrain (wheat and rice) distributed under the existing framework does not reach the intended beneficiaries on account of corruption. The new scheme will introduce a slew of measures to guarantee delivery of desired quality and quantity of foodgrain in time to the needy, a state official said.To prevent diversion of foodgrain by middlemen and fair price shop owners, the government has decided to offer ration card holders the option of procuring foodgrain in standardized 50-kg packs.Under this option, foodgrain will be supplied once in three months, instead of the present monthly distribution. \"The standardized packs will ensure that the quality and quantity of supplies is not tampered with. The distribution will have to be carried out under the supervision of an inspector appointed by the state,\" an official said. For the scheme to be implemented, 60% of card holders in an area will have to opt for it.The government has decided to observe the seventh of every month as \"Food Day.\" Those who opt for the new scheme can collect supplies on that day. An official said that under the existing system, there are often instances when ration shop owners kept beneficiaries in the dark about the time of arrival of supplies. Applicants will have to make advance payments towards the purchase before the 20th of the previous month. A \" Food Week\" will be observed between the 8th-15th of each month for all those who did not procure their quota on the 7th .To prevent diversion, the state has also decided to install GPS devices on vehicles transporting foodgrain from godowns to fair price shops. The system will first be introduced for vehicles in Mumbai and five other places. SMSes will be sent to inform card holders as soon as the grain stock leaves the godown. The government also has plans to implement the \"ration at your doorstep\" system.Duty hike for captive power plantsThe cabinet is expected to discuss a proposal for amendments in the Electricity Duty Act, 1958, to raise maximum duty on captive power plants from 40 paise per unit to Rs 1.50 per unit. Captive plants are set up by companies for their own consumption. Any hike will impact companies like Reliance Industries , JSW Steel LTD , Ultratech Cement Ltd , among others. Its impact on common citizens was unclear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11331053", "title": "19-yr-old girl dies mysteriously", "text": "MARGAO: Nineteen-year-old Sabina Hilario from Curtorim died while undergoing treatment at the Hospicio Hospital on Sunday. The cause of death is yet to be determined.Police sources said that the deceased had gone to a New Year's party with a male companion on Saturday night. At the party, she apparently fell ill and was rushed to the Hospicio hospital, Margao, for treatment.Though the Maina police have registered the case as unnatural death, the deceased's family suspects foul play. Friends and relatives of the deceased had gathered at the Maina Curtorim police station on Sunday to demand a thorough investigation.Police sources said they were awaiting the postmortem report. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11333070", "title": "\u2018Serious lapses in Citibank led to fraud\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: An internal investigation into the scam in Citibank's Gurgaon branch in May has shown that there were serious lapses within the bank that was responsible for one of the country's biggest fraud involving a multinational bank.The bank and its staff had either failed to detect or ignored the illegal activities of its relationship manager Shivraj Puri. The Citi Security and Investigative Services (CSIS) report available with TOI found that a full review of the account was not triggered even though about Rs 405 crore flowed through a savings account of a 92-year-old account holder - Prem Nath.This account was used as \"custodian\" account to route investments of Puri's clients in the stock market. The investigation also says that Puri was allowed to manage Nath's account despite being his relative.The report shows how senior officials in the branch did not review the daily large transaction report of the branches which was meant to check and highlight large flow of funds. The review by the bank's own investigator identified that even as there were several alerts on high volume transactions, these were disposed of.This was done despite the fact that they were not supported by adequate details by the branch operation and service head (BOSH) and relationship manager (RM). It also says that the anti-money laundering (AML) and know your customer (KYC) staff closed the alerts despite the inadequacy and even certain red flags were ignored.The CSIS report mentions that account inquiry requests (AIR) for alerts raised in October and November 2010 for transactions from September to November - 80% of the transactions in the account of Prem Nath - were sent to RM and BOSH only on December 3, 2010.KYC concerns were also identified in 12 accounts opened by Puri during 2009 and 2010. The holders of these accounts were related and were in taxi services. Field verifications disclosed that the companies did not exist at the provided address in case of 11 accounts.The service relationship manager (SRM) Roma Narang and Shivraj were identified to have updated the system notepad confirming that welcome and RM calls were made by them, although no calls had been made. The investigation found that Puri's savings accounts variances during November 2010 showed significant fluctuations. On November 20 in 2010 it was Rs 5.55 crore and only two days later it had increased to Rs 20.55 crore. This issue was not investigated by the bank. Puri's customers were not met by anyone else including his manager as part of an established process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11333719", "title": "City records wettest New Year day in 60 yrs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city recorded its wettest New Year day in the past 60 years on Sunday when it got 54 mm rain since early hours till evening. It was more than two times more than January 1, 2003, when it received 20.3 mm rainfall. It was also city's soggiest day of January recorded by the Met department since its inception in 1951. Earlier, 42.3 mm rainfall in a single day in January was recorded on January 29, 1959. But in terms of total rain in the entire month, January 1954 was the wettest ever with 73.7 mm rain.The rainfall not only brought the chill in the air, ending warm spell witnessed for the past few days, it also threw normal life out of gear. Many people had to cancel New Year celebrations while road and air traffic was also hit. The worst-hit were street and slum dwellers who shivered throughout the day without any bonfires. However, the weatherman has predicted that rainfall activity will decline and skies will be clear from Monday. On Sunday, people woke up to overcast skies and rain. It started raining in the wee hours and continued till evening.Till 8.30am, 4mm rainfall was recorded, but from 8.30am to 5.30pm it rose to 50.4 mm. While several flights and trains were delayed, people were forced to stay indoor all day due to rainfall that was accompanied by thunder and gusty winds. The minimum temperature rose to 14.6 degrees Celsius due to clouds, but maximum temperature came down to 16.4 degrees Celsius - the difference of only 1.8 degrees Celsius. If minimum temperature was six degrees above normal, the maximum was seven degrees below normal.The average temperature during the day was around 15 degrees Celsius. The normal rainfall for January is 21.9 mm. However, on Sunday, more than double rainfall occurred in a single day. In 2011, January 1 had started on a chilly note with 4.6 mm rain on the New Year's Eve.The rainfall means that chillier days are ahead. State Met director JP Gupta said a low pressure area formed over west UP due to warm weather is responsible for the change in the weather. He said the rainfall occurred at most places in the state during past 24 hours. But the low pressure area is expected to fizzle out on Monday and skies will clear. Thereafter, the minimum temperatures will come down, he added. Snowfall has also occurred in the hill regions of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh.The wind coming from the snow-fed areas will bring down the night temperatures in coming days. There are also possibilities of dense fog as the drop in temperature will condense the moisture left behind in the atmosphere by the rain. This means that maximum temperatures during the day will also drop by a few degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331532", "title": "Nigerian man nabbed with cocaine worth over 1crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: In one of the biggest drug haul in the capital, Delhi Police has seized cocaine worth Rs 1.75 crore from a Nigerian. Police said the accused used to supply cocaine to high-end customers in pubs and rave parties in the city. Cops are trying to trace the source of the cocaine, which they suspect is brought in from Mumbai. Delhi Police had arrested several Nigerians in 2011 for drug smuggling.The accused Paul Chinedu Ugwor alias Emma (32) is a native of Onisha in Nigeria. He was caught by a team led by ACP Bir Singh and additional DCP (crime branch) Sanjay Bhatia from Shivaji Marg in Janakpuri on Saturday, when he had come to deliver cocaine to a contact. Police seized 175 gram of fine quality cocaine from him.\"We have arrested several drug peddlers earlier as well, but with smaller quantities of cocaine say 5 or 10 gram. Usually, drug peddlers do not carry large amounts of cocaine with them. It seems that this cocaine seized was to be sent for a big party or to large number of users at one place. We are investigating and trying to find out the intended receiver of this consignment,\" said a senior officer.Additional DCP crime branch, P S Kushwah said, \"Paul had come to India in 2008 on a multiple entry visa and stayed in Mumbai. He started exporting textiles from Mumbai to Nigeria. During his stay in Mumbai, he came in to contact with a fellow Nigerian Dabel Chukwu\". Chukwu supplied cocaine to pubs and bars in Mumbai and asked Paul to join him in the trade. \"Paul had suffered losses in business and decided to join Chukwu. Paul used to come to Delhi regularly by train with cocaine concealed in his luggage and supplied it to his contacts here,\" said Sanjay Bhatia.In 2010, Paul shifted to Delhi and rented an accommodation in the Nawada area in Uttam Nagar. Police said he made new contacts in Delhi and started supplying cocaine to high-profile clients and rave parties in the NCR. He was also planning to expand his network and supply cocaine to customers in five-star hotels.When contacted, joint commissioner of police (crime branch) Sandeep Goel said, \"The quality of cocaine is pure and would fetch a high price in the international market. We have sent it for forensic examination\".In 2011, Delhi Police arrested 32 Nigerians, out of which 22 were arrested in cocaine cases, nine for supplying heroin and one for other drugs. In toto, police seized about 718 gram of cocaine and about 57 kg of heroin in these cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338551", "title": "Why Westlife stopped being special", "text": "Westlife decided to split up because they felt being in the band had stopped feeling special.The popular band are set to split after 14 years together when they complete a final farewell tour this year. Although the men are upset to go their separate ways, they also think it is a step in the right direction.Bandmember Shane Filan said, \"It felt like it wasn't special any more, not like it used to be. For the fans it's slightly different but for us it's been like, 'Are we getting better? Are we getting worse? Are we getting to the stage where we aren't enjoying it?' It is half our life. None of us want to let it go and all of us will be crying in June when the tour ends, but it's time.\"His mate Nicky Byrne added, \"We never wanted to fall down and just be one of those bands that released records all the time, which we felt we were starting to do. And it felt like, 'You know what, lads? We're okay, we've done a lot!'\"The group say that they had been bracing themselves for the split for some time now and that it actually helped them enjoy their recent trip to Asia more because they were calm knowing that the announcement for the split would be made soon.Westlife member Kian Egan said, \"I shouldn't say it but before we went on tour to Asia, we knew what was going to happen. We knew it was our last tour in Asia and when we came back we were going to release the news, so Asia's probably the best trip we've had in years!\"Shane added, \"It's probably been brewing for a good year, as we knew we were coming to the 'Greatest Hits' album and the end of our contracts. We'd all been sitting down and talking about the pressure and the stress of trying to make the record and get it right.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11333764", "title": "Mysore Zoo website relaunched", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Zoo has relaunched its official website adding the facility of online adoption of animals.The new website (www. mysorezoo.info) offers maps depicting different routes to the zoo. Students and wildlife enthusiasts can access the details of educative programmes organized by the zoo on conservation, workshops, competitions, and others.The website also offers details of all animals and birds in the zoo. Speaking to the TOI, executive director B P Ravi said, \"The website will help animal exchange programmes as authorities of other zoos will get all the details on it. Visitors can also post their feedbacks about their experience at the zoo. If things work out, we are also planning to introduce e-ticketing facility on the website by January end. All the activities of the zoo, including arrival of the new animals will be updated whenever it takes place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11332884", "title": "Rains likely to continue", "text": "KANPUR: Heavy winter rain lashed the city and adjoining areas on Sunday. The heavy rains of 31.8 mm also brought down the maximum temperature and ushered in a chilling New Year.The maximum temperature was 16.4 degrees, which was eight degrees less than that of Saturday and five degrees below normal.The minimum temperature was recorded at 14.2 degrees. It was around six degrees more than that of yesterday and seven degrees above normal.Humidity remained between 90 and 95 per cent throughout the day due to heavy cloud cover and increased moisture in the air. The meteorological department said that the rains were six times more than expected.The temperature may drop due to clouds and high moisture content in the air. The weather is likely to improve by the weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11332059", "title": "Loss of Limbs did not stop Mark Inglis from living his dream", "text": "NEW DELHI: He lost his legs to frostbite at the age of 23 after remaining trapped in an ice cave for 14 days, but the accident did not dull Mark Inglis' love of mountaineering.In 2006, he conquered Mt Everest on prosthetic legs. \"Just because I became a double amputee is no reason to stop doing things in life,\" says the 52-year-old New Zealander, now a successful winemaker, corporate consultant, writer and motivational speaker. A 2000 Sydney Paralympics silver medalist, Inglis counts the ice-cave episode as his \"base practice\" for climbing Everest. He has no regrets, not even about losing a few fingers on the Everest expedition.\"This just means that I probably can't pick my nose with my little finger or be rude to someone on the road,\" he jokes.He may be in his skin with the new legs, but things are a little different. \"The only thing you don't have is the feel. You need to look at your feet a lot. On dangerous slopes you need to be sure you're putting your foot in the right place.\"At a panel discussion on disability during the Times Literary Fest in Mumbai, he spoke about over-protectiveness that a differently-abled person experiences at the hands of friends and family.\"You actually need to practice a little tough love and make people take responsibility towards themselves. My family lets me away with nothing. I can't say I can't do the chores,\" he says.After the Zaveri Bazaar blasts in Mumbai, he was pained to see a woman give up hope when someone in her family lost their legs. \"I was so saddened by it. You're only disabled if you haven't got access to resources. Here in India, you build great legs. And they're affordable too. If you have a leg, the only other reason you should be disabled is if you don't want to use it or if other people discriminate against you,\" he says.People give him the most varied reactions when he goes out in his preferred attire - three-quarter pants.On his most recent visit to Mumbai, a woman walked up to him and thanked him for inspiring her to cope with her own injury. \"I get stories like that all the time. It's incredibly humbling and also hugely satisfying,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11332233", "title": "'12 dreams of a better campus", "text": "Taking fresh stock of the state affairs in their respective universities this New Year,vice chancellors of premier varsities in the state shared their campus plans for 2012 with TOI.UtkalPrasant Kumar Sahoo, VC Utkal University: My priority will be to complete the already initiated steps. Don't expect something very new. But efforts will be made to consolidate academic activities and infrastructure. I will strive for an excellent academic environment in the university, conducive to the growth of students, faculty and employees in the New Year.RavenshawProf Baishnab C Tripathy, VC Ravenshaw University, Cuttack: The immediate concern is to fill up the existing vacancies. Secondly, I will try to constitute a good selection committee to select new faculty members for the varsity. Contractual appointment of faculty has to stop. Thirdly, I will push hard for progress of work on the second campus of the university this year. Also, I will try to establish school of life sciences, school of material sciences and school of policy research by this year. Besides, efforts will be made to make journalism and mass communication a regular course under the school of humanities. Currently, it is a self-financing course being run under public-private partnership. Ravenshaw will also initiate steps for creation of a school of creative and performing arts. The school will try to revive the traditional drama and stage shows in Cuttack, which used to be immensely popular at one point of time.SambalpurBishnu Charan Barik, VC Sambalpur University: I will try hard to open a post graduate course on rural management this year. My assessment so far is that such a course will be very job oriented and relevant to students in the region. Besides, the varsity will strive hard to initiate more research, focusing on local culture and issues. Each faculty member has already been told to make projects and apply for funding from UGC and other funding agencies. Thirdly, the varsity will identify certain villages in its vicinity and start community outreach programme. Problems of school dropouts, hygiene and sanitation in the villages would be taken up by the varsity. Fourthly, Sambalpur University will consolidate on its infrastructure. Most of the university buildings have become too old but no substantial addition has been made so far. These need improvement.VSSUTProf Bijoy Kumar Nanda, VC Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology (VSSUT): Burla research and development will be the topmost priority. Though we are doing very well in academics, research remains a big area of concern. Attempts will be made to carry out relevant research by all the faculty members. Secondly, I will try to improve institute-industry interaction. Understanding the industry need better and close contacts with them would create new avenues for students. It would make the technical education up to date and improve students' employability.Besides, I would also focus on strengthening institute-alumni relations. Alumni interactions would be a rich dividend for the students and the institute in the long run. Central varsityDr Surabhi Banerjee, VC Central University of Orissa, Koraput: I am very keen to inculcate a strong academic environment in the university. I will strive in the New Year to look for regular as well as visiting faculty of eminence in 2012. Other top priorities would be to initiate student support services with the help of faculty so that each student's problems and issues on the campus are addressed. The varsity will also start several medical industry-specific courses from the next academic session. These include four one-year diploma courses in different aspects of medical care for science graduates. These include renal dialyses technology, operation theatre (OT) technology, medical transcription and central sterile supply department (CSSD) technology.BerhampurJ K Mohapatra, VC Berhampur University: I will try to open at least two self-financing courses during 2012 while exploring possibilities to introduce the B.Ed and B.Lib courses in the distance education mode. There is plan to open Master in Financial Services and Master in Social Welfare under the departments of economics and industrial relation and personal management (IR&PM;) during the year. Besides the university will try to get approval of the AICTE for its Master in Pharma course this year. The university will also give priority on improvement of infrastructure development. These include completion of the ongoing three hostels for girls, two academic blocks and to add one more block for M Pharma department.KIITAchyuta Samanta, founder KIIT University: KIIT deemed to be university will try to have more quality research this year. Also, the varsity will look for more industry-university tie-up, both inside the country and abroad. We already have close ties with so many industrial houses. Thirdly, we will also focus on more foreign university collaborations to strengthen our quality of education further and offer the best in the world to our students.(With inputs from Hrusikesh Mohanty in Berhampur)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332297", "title": "Engineering colleges still far from autonomy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two months after the state government passed a ruling for autonomy at six engineering institutes, including LD Engineering College, the institutes are still unable to obtain the benefits. None of the institutes have been able to form their Board of Governors (BOG).MN Patel, principal of LD Engineering College, said: \"We have nothing to do with the appointment of the Board of Governors. The board members are to be identified and appointed by the education department. We can only hope that the process proceeds at a faster pace.\"Patel said that autonomy will give the college various advantages in terms of decision making towards growth. Colleges other than LD Engineering College are located in Morbi, Patan, Gandhinagar and Bhavnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333085", "title": "Two run over; biker plunges into drain", "text": "BANGALORE: Three persons were killed in road accidents during New Year revelry on Saturday night.Two of the victims were revellers, while the third person was returning home late from work, owing to New Year celebrations.A 24-year-old party crawler was killed when a speeding black car knocked his bike down near Philips on Murphy Road in Ulsoor, around 12.30am.Car driver Vinod Kumar partied at his Murphy Town residence with three of his friends. The foursome then decided to go to a party in another friend's house in Bhadrappa Layout near Yelahanka. They were going on two bikes when the car hit the bike Vinod was riding, and sped away. Vinod sustained serious head injuries and died later, while under treatment.The pillion rider, too, sustained injuries, police said.In another accident, S Mallikarjuna, 25, a realtor from Chikkajala, near Yelahanka, died on the spot after the motorbike he was riding careened off the road and plunged into a storm water drain on Uttarahalli Road.\"Mallikarjuna was returning home after a party, when he lost control over the bike,\" police said.Cook Chandru, 33, a resident of Nagashettyhalli and employee of a hotel in Gangenahalli, was killed after he was run over by a speeding lorry on Bellary Road.Chandru was returning home after working hours were extended till 1am for New Year celebrations. \"He was crossing Bellary Road near Sanjaynagar Cross, when the lorry hit him around 2am,\" police said. The driver escaped with the lorry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "panaji/vasco", "code": "11331082", "title": "Drunken driving claims four lives", "text": "PANAJI/VASCO: Accidents on New Year's Eve arising from drunk driving claimed four lives across the state. All the deaths were reported at Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMC) at Bambolim.Speaking to TOI, GMC medical superintendent Rajan Kunkolienkar said that after 8pm on Saturday, doctors at GMC attended 13 accident cases, of which nine persons were admitted.\" Sadik Singholi, 18, of Vasco, neighbours Consessao Fenandes, 55 and Darryl Fernandes, 22, of Goa Velha, and Mohan Gadi, 47, from Dodamarg, Maharashtra were declared dead after they were brought to GMC,\" Kunkoliekar said.He said of the nine admitted, six were sent to the orthopedic ward, two to the trauma unit and one to neurosurgery.The Goa Velha residents were killed when the car they were travelling in was hit from behind by another at about 3:45am, in Verna. The car turned turtle and flew off the highway and landed in a field. Verna police said the driver of the other car was a navy officer from Rajasthan. No arrests have been made.Sources said Singholi was riding a two-wheeler when at about 1:45am on Sunday at Bogmallo he collided against another two-wheeler.\"Drunken driving is one of the main causes of accidents in the state which increase during celebrations. Authorities need to ensure that people do not drink and drive,\" GMC's neurosurgery head Ponraj K Sundaram said.EMRI services attended 37 vehicular traumas on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "11333589", "title": "Peace meeting held", "text": "BIJAPUR: Protesters took to the streets in Sindagi after a Pakistani flag appeared in the tahsildar's office premises. On Sunday, there was tension in Bagalkot's Mudhol town following an attack on a prayer hall.Deputy commissioner Kashinath Pawar said that the flag-hoisting was a clear attempt to foil peace in the town.A peace committee meeting was held in Sindagi town later in the day. Leaders from all communities, besides politicians and officials, participated.Sindagi MLA Ramesh Bhusanur told TOI: \"This is the third such incident in the town over the last few years. Police should deal with it sternly to ensure that it won't recur.\"In Mudhol, the situation remained under control where some miscreants threw stones at a prayer hall and broke its window panes. Provocative slogans were found scribbled on the hall's walls.After hearing the news, people gathered in the prayer hall and demanded the early arrest of the culprits. Police rushed to the spot and assured the people of prompt action, after which the demonstrators dispersed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore/shimoga", "code": "11333338", "title": "BSY, Eshwarappa can spar at their own peril", "text": "BANGALORE/SHIMOGA: BJP and RSS leaders are trying frantically to bridge the great divide between the top two leaders of the party - former CM B S Yeddyurappa and BJP state president KS Eshwarappa -- but without much success.The behind-the-scenes activity has been going on for the last four days, after Yeddyurappa's biting remarks against Eshwarappa. Now, it's difficult for people to believe that the two netas from Shimoga were once close friends.Besides their RSS upbringing, mutual help was beneficial to both to fulfil their political aspirations. As Yeddyurappa is senior to Eshwarappa, the latter looked up to the former for support.In caste-based politics of Karnataka, Lingayat plus Kuruba is a lethal combo. When the party's strength was in single and double digits, the duo complemented each other and helped build the party.But things began to change once the BJP assumed power in the state in 2008. Eshwarappa was against the candidature of Yeddyurappa's son B Y Raghavendra in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls. But Yeddyurappa prevailed, gave ticket to his son and ensured his victory.Another blow to Eshwarappa was when Yeddyurappa's confidant Ayanur Manjunath got prominence. Subsequently, Yeddyurappa ensured that Manjunath made it to the Rajya Sabha.Due to the widening rift, the duo began speaking in different voices. Allegations of corruption forced Yeddyurappa to resign in August, but he insisted on his candidature for the CM's post. In the fight against the combined opposition led by Eshwarappa, Yeddyurappa ensured that his candidate DV Sadananda Gowda became the CM.There was a lull till Yeddyurappa returned from prison after 24 days. The relationship soured further once Yeddyurappa began to demand the post of CM or party president. Backed by the central leaders, Eshwarappa turned assertive, making statements that Yeddyurappa wouldn't get what he wants till he came clean. The annoyed-Yeddyurappa has accused Eshwarappa of plotting to send him to prison.Yeddyurappa has set January 15 as a deadline for the party to give him a prominent role. Till then, the suspense continues.The die is casteThe Yeddyurappa-Eshwarappa spat will harm the party in the state, say political watchers.Lingayats are a dominant community in the state, while Kurubas are a majority among the OBCs. They are the third biggest caste in the state. With elections slated during early next year, this caste combination is a necessity.Besides, if the leaders fail to complement each other, both will suffer on their home turf. Of the two, Eshwarappa could lose more as Lingayats are a majority in Shimoga district. The community continues to rally around Yeddyurappa. In Eshwarappa's constituency, Shimoga city, though Kurubas are about 20%, he needs the support of Lingayats and Brahmins for a win. Complicating things for Eshwarappa is the fact that the district presidents of both the Congress and JD(S) belong to the Kuruba community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11333642", "title": "\u2018High-fat diet can hurt brain\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Eating a highfat diet even for a short period may change the brain in ways that makes it harder to lose weight, a new study has found.In experiments on rodents, a team from the University of Washington School of Medicine found that when placed on a high-fat diet, animals developed injuries to a brain area called hypothalamus that controls the urge to eat and sends signals to stop eating when full. Signs of similar damage in the same brain area in obese people have also been found, the researcher said.\"Within 24 hours of switching rodents to a highfat diet, we found injury in the hypothalamus area,\" study co-author Michael Schwartz , an endocrinologist at the University said.According to the researchers , obesity causes inflammation in the tissues and organs. This isn't the same type of inflammation you get during an allergic reaction. Instead it's a low level of inflammation that persists in the body.The team speculated that obesity might be linked with inflammation in the hypothalamus , \"which may prevent it from responding to hormones like insulin that regulate our body weight\" , said co-author Joshua Thaler.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11332089", "title": "\u2018No innovation during music season\u2019", "text": "He registered as a general practitioner after passing out of Madras Medical College but violinist and composer L Subramaniam is better known for storming the world music scene and collaborating with artists such as Yehudi Menuhin. Subramaniam, who gave a concert during the music season after nearly 20 years, performed at Krishna Gana Sabha on December 31.You were one of the earliest musicians to get into fusion music which is not popular in sabhas here. Do you think purists will ever accept fusion?There are many styles of singing in Carnatic music. Similarly, fusion as a style is popular in the west. If the purists listen to it with an open mind, fusion music will become acceptable here. Artists abroad keep experimenting with instruments and styles. No such innovations are seen during Chennai's music season.You performed at this year's music season after a long time. Why the break?Till the passing away of my father Lakshminarayanan in 1992, I used to perform regularly during the season. After that, we started organising a music festival in his memory. It was held at Music Academy every year on January 2 and when the music festival went international, I did not have time to perform in December.Now that the ethnic conflict has ended, do you plan to go back to Jaffna in Sri Lanka where you grew up?I will train musicians in Jaffna if I get a chance. My first concert was at the Murugan temple in Jaffna. In 1994, I performed in Colombo at the invitation of the then president Chandrika Kumaratunga . During that visit, I went to the Colombo radio station to look for my father's recordings. Though he was a famous violinist, none of his records were there. It is sad that many works of Tamil artists and ancient manuscripts of the classics were destroyed during the conflict.What are you working on now?(Kavita answers) We are bringing out a set of 10 DVDs on global music, probably by June. I do solos as well as duets with Sonu Nigam , Pandit Jasraj and Lucky Ali . The lyrics are by Javed Akhtar . We are also setting up a music school in Bangalore where all forms of music will be taught, but the violin will get importance.Your son Ambi is doing well, do you have particular plans for him?Ambi has been interested in music from childhood. But one day he said he didn't want to become a violinist. So I asked him to put his violin in the cupboard and learn other things, including how to climb trees. After two days he was back to playing the violin and has not looked back since. I will teach him all the techniques I know. He has already released an album and has got awards.You studied medicine but did you practice? When did you realize that you wanted to be musician full time?I registered after finishing MBBS but I never practised medicine. During my second year of college, I met a foreign violinist at the Egmore museum who asked me join him and even offered me a scholarship. When I went home to tell my mother, she said I could go abroad after showing her my MBBS degree certificate. My dream of getting a degree in western music was delayed but my mother was happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11332998", "title": "Cold winds to blow till Tuesday", "text": "MUMBAI: The city brought in the New Year with strange weather. Minimum temperatures of January 1 rose as high as 21 degrees Celsius, about five degrees higher than the day before. And the maximum or day-time temperature of New Year on Sunday dropped as low as 27 degrees Celsius, about three degrees less than Saturday.While Colaba recorded a minimum temperature of 21.1 degrees Celsius, in Santa Cruz it was 20.8 degrees Celsius on Sunday. The maximum temperature was 27.2 degrees Celsius and 27.8 degrees Celsius in Colaba and Santa Cruz respectively.The weather bureau says that cloud cover over the country is responsible for the strange phenomenon. \"There are convective clouds over northwest India, which have caused rain and snow in some areas. There is some cloud cover over the city too, which has caused a dip in maximum temperatures and a rise in minimum temperatures,\" said an official of the Indian Meteorological Department, Mumbai.Humidity levels also went up on Sunday, when Colaba recorded 60% and Santa Cruz 50%. The weather bureau said the cloud cover was due to a western disturbance over the northern region.What was unusual about New Year's Eve and New Year were the cold winds. Though they did not cause a dip in minimum temperature, they were cold enough for Mumbaikars. \"The sun was not bright owing to clouds and Mumbai is being hit by strong northerly winds which are flowing between 15 and 20 knots,\" said the official.This weather is likely to continue till Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331569", "title": "SNDT to make internships a must for all postgraduates", "text": "MUMBAI: A history student from SNDT University may now have to do an internship at a museum or a travel firm. An English major may be asked to get hands-on experience in a newspaper office.In a move to make its students employable, SNDT University is planning to introduce a compulsory internship programme for all its postgraduate students. It is probably the first university in the state to introduce such a programme for non-professional courses.Most students in professional courses like engineering and business management have to do an internship as part of their course structure. Explaining that the project will help make the students employable, vice-chancellor of the university, Vasudha Kamat, said, \"Why should an MA English student not join a newspaper house as an intern? Why can't a history student work with a travel firm or even in a museum? It will only help them in getting work experience before they hit the (job) market after earning their degrees. I have made the proposal and the boards of studies for different subjects will be discussing it soon.\"According to the proposal, the internship and research projects will be introduced in the fourth semester of all Masters' programmes offered by the university. Since SNDT follows the credit system, each semester carries 16 credits. As per the credit system, four credits are equal to 100 marks. The proposal, based on the suggestions made by the board of studies, is to either allow 10 credits for internship and six for research or vice-versa, or eight credits for each.The heads of departments will have to make a list of institutions and organizations where their students can go for internships. \"The professors will suggest job opportunities in their respective subjects and they might even help students in their search,\" added Kamat.While this will be a novel project for the varsity, the department of human development has already made the internship programme mandatory. \"The internship programme has been successful for students from our department. It not only helps students gain experience but also helps them in getting jobs after the completion of their course. Many of our students have been placed in the same companies where they have interned. Even prospective employers will know the students and their skills,\" said Reeta Sonawat, professor and head of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11332228", "title": "Deities \u2018deny\u2019 darshan to CM", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik's injured foot spoiled his wish of seeking the blessing of Lord Jagannath on New Year on Sunday. Like others, Naveen too craved to start off 2012 by visiting the 12th century temple in Puri. But unfortunately, he coulld not get a glimpse of the deities after failing to trek the 22 steps of the shrine to reach the sanctum sanctorum.After covering only five steps a \"limping\" Naveen suddenly stopped and expressed his inability to walk further, source said. Unable to endure the pain, he chose to return. The CM prayed to the Lord standing on the steps instead. He could not even bend his knee. A priest chanted slokas and prayed for the welfare of Naveen, however.\"The chief minister felt pain in his leg and came back after worshiping the deities on the steps (baisi pahancha). He asked police not to block the passage of devotees in the temple,\" said the shrine's public relations officer Laxmidhar Pujapanda.The chief minister greeted people on the New Year and soon headed towards Swargadwar crematorium to offer floral tribute at his late father Biju Patnaik's samadhi.Naveen injured his right foot during a morning walk at his residence on November 17 last year. Doctors attending to him said the ligament in his right ankle has been affected. He used a walking stick for a few days and was forced to occupy a back bench in state assembly sessions recently.Naveen was not the lone unfortunate devotee missing the Lord's darshan. A 65-year-old pilgrim from Bhubaneswar died of reported heart attack after standing for hours together in a long queue outside the temple. The victim Sankar Rao fainted and was immediately rushed to the Puri district headquarter hospital.\"He was already dead when he reached the hospital. His body has been sent for an autopsy. We suspected he died of heart attack,\" a doctor said.Pilgrims complained the district administration did not erect temporary shades over the barricades installed outside the temple. \"We do not mind standing in queue. But the administration should have thought of our convenience and erected shades overhead,\" said Santanu Sarangi, a pilgrim.\"We did not expect the sun to blaze so in winter. The temperature hovered at nearly 31 degree Celcius,\" a district official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337040", "title": "Sofia Vergara wanted a small role in Happy Feet Two", "text": "Sofia Vergara only wanted a small role in 'Happy Feet Two'.The 39-year-old actress voices a penguin called Carmen in her first ever animated movie, but and was reluctant to accept a bigger part because she isn't used to the genre.She exclusively told BANG Showbiz: \"I knew it was a small role when I did it. It was my first time doing a voice for anything so I didn't want it to be a big role because I didn't want to not be able to cope with it.\"I'm quite new to acting so I prefer to do little things that I think I will be OK to do, rather than bigger parts where people are thinking, 'What is she doing?' \"Despite 'Happy Feet Two' being her first taste at voiceover work, Sofia found the creative process \"very easy\" and accepted the offer \"immediately\" when she found out she would be acting alongside Robin Williams , Elijah Wood and Matt Damon .The brunette beauty - who plays Gloria Delgado-Pritchett in TV sitcom 'Modern Family' - explained: \"I wanted to do a film like this for kids and give out a nice message and it's not like I had to do hours and hours of research for this role. It was very easy. I knew I was going to be part of such an amazing cast so I said yes immediately.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11331400", "title": "Relatives hold staff responsible for death of undertrial", "text": "BHOPAL: Relatives of an under trial who died while undergoing treatment at Hamidia Hospital late on Saturday are holding the jail authorities responsible for the death. Angry relatives of deceased, Shiv Narayan (70), a resident of Banganga in TT Nagar, kept the body on depot square near PNT and staged a chakka jam.Senior officials of the district administration rushed to the spot and pacified them assuring an inquiry into the incident.Agitators alleged that the death was due to torture in the central jail and not due to illness. On the other hand the central jail authorities stated that deceased was suffering from diabetes and asthma since he was brought in Bhopal central prison around two months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11333464", "title": "Helpline for birds injured by kite strings during Makar Sankranti", "text": "JAIPUR: A group of animal activists set up a helpline to attend to attend to injured birds in the city ahead of the kite festival, Makar Sankranti on January 14. Several birds lost their lives or became permanently disabled annually during the festival after they got entangled in glass-coated maanjha or kite strings.Under the initiative 'Save the Birds' , anybody finding an injured bird can call up the helpline numbers and one of the volunteers the activists deputed in various parts of the city will come rushing to its rescue .The activists will also make a campaign to educate people about the birds having problems with such razorsharp strings and educate them about flying kites with simple strings.\" K i t e lovers prefer only razorsharp maanjha to sustain in the war of kites in the open skies. The helpline numbers have been released for people to call us in case they find an injured bird,\" said Sahil Singhal, animal rights activist associated with the People for Animals. This year, a massive buildup of public awareness campaign through posters, SMSes and emails requesting people to avoid using 'manjas' which kill or maim hundreds of birds every year. \"We will be tying up with voluntary organisations , individuals and medical professionals to come forward and help these creatures,\" Singhal added.\"In case anyone finds an injured bird they should not hold it with bare hands. First, they should drop a piece of cloth on the bird's eye to prevent it from seeing so that it does not struggle and injure itself further,\" says Dr Piyush Shastri, a veterinarian. If possible, people should keep the bird in an empty shoe box before they call the helpline number.Raksha, an NGO dealing with environmental issues and animal rights, plans a workshop at the bird hospital to train volunteers on how to ferry injured birds.Help At HandPeople for Animals: 98289060727 Raksha (Jan 10-15 ): 9828500065 Help N Suffering: 3245673 An injured bird can be delivered at Sanganer Bird Hospital: 2575801", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331771", "title": "Hundreds left stranded at Metro stations", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the second time in the past one month a technical snag has left Metro passengers in the lurch. Hundreds of commuters were stranded on Sunday at various Metro stations on New Year's day with trains on the busy Dwarka-Noida line delayed due to a problem in the Over-Head Electrification (OHE).Due to problem in the OHE, which transmits electrical energy to trains, near Indraprastha station on the busy corridor, single line operation was undertaken from Barakhamba Road to Mandi House stations after 8.30pm. This led to delay in trains on the line, a DMRC spokesman said. The problem began at around 8.30 in the evening and hundreds of people getting back home after enjoying their New Year evening were stranded at the Rajiv Chowk station, the busiest inter-change station on the Metro network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331631", "title": "New Year rush brings central Delhi to a stop", "text": "NEW DELHI: Massive traffic jams took place in central Delhi on Sunday due to the New Year rush.Two major points, India Gate and Mathura Road near Pragati Maidan, were choked from morning to 8pm. Traffic cops said the congestion was due to a large number of devotees thronging Bhairon Mandir, Gurudwara Bangla Sahib and Hanuman Mandir as well as people visiting India Gate.\"Being a Sunday as well as the first day of the New Year, many devotees visited these places of worship. Also, many people along with their families visited India Gate. Crossover facilities for pedestrians, who were crossing the India Gate C-Hexagon, had to be made. Our arrangements were in place but the sheer number of pedestrians and devotees made it a bit difficult for us but we ensured that traffic kept moving, albeit slowly,\" said Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner of police (traffic).Many people visited the Bhairon Mandir on Sunday to mark Bhairon Jayanti.\"Being the first day of the New Year, it is common for a lot of devotees to congregate at places of worship. Bhairon Jayanti also resulted in a crowd larger in size than usual. People either walked or drove to the temple triggering congestion. Some tried parking their car on the main road and had to be forcibly removed. Since the rush, which started in morning, continued through the day, movement of traffic was slow on that stretch,\" said a senior traffic police officer. As a result the tailback extended till Millennium Depot.Those who had come with their families to spend the afternoon at India Gate also contributed to the slow-moving traffic. \"People had come with their families and a safe crossover had to be ensured. Also, people visited Hanuman Mandir and Bangla Sahib Gurdwara in the vicinity, which resulted in congestion. A large number of processions that passed through the city compounded the problem,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Commuters complained of remaining stuck in hour-long jams in the area. \"I was travelling from Mayur Vihar to Jhandewalan and had to stop at Mandi House. At first I got stuck in front of Millennium Depot till I crossed ITO. While it took me 45 minutes just to cross that stretch, it took me another hour to cross India Gate when going towards Jhandewalan. The day was spent largely on the road,\" said Ajit, a commuter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11333438", "title": "Four months over, CBI still clueless", "text": "JODHPUR: It has been four months since ANM nurse Bhanwari Devi went missing , however, the mystery around the case is still unsolved. The initial 42 days of investigation by the police followed by 80 days of investigation by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) have not been very fruitful as the agencies are nowhere near a logical conclusion.Nine arrests have been made so far and with each arrest a new name of the mastermind has emerged. However , those arrested keep passing the buck to someone else who is still at large. The investigators are still in the process of looking for some people associated with those already arrested .Right from the beginning of the investigation all suspects kept coming one after another giving the agencies strong hope to crack the case but every person came with a new angle and a new name, which made the case more complex.\"Sahiram was believed to be the conspirator and aware of the entire episode right from the beginning to the end, which meant disposal of Bhanwari Devi's body.\"\"But he too came up with a new story and names like Indra Bishnoi and Bishnaram Bishnoi\" , said a source.Arrest of Amarchand, Bhanwari Devi's husband, was an interesting twist. So was the disappearance of those close to Malkhan and Sohanlal, which put CBI in a fix forcing it to issue arrest warrants against them.These include Indra Bishnoi , Pukhraj Bishnoi and Dinesh Bishnoi besides Kailash Jakhar, who is a gangster and is said to be close to Bishnaram Bishnoi. Interestingly, all of them have already been interrogated by the CBI a number of times.The CBI, during investigation , got four audio clips and the sleaze video featuring Bhanwari and Mahipal Maderna in a compromising position, grilled over 100 persons besides the accused but the case still remains a mystery. CBI appears clueless about the origin of the conspiracy and the whereabouts of Bhanwari Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11331509", "title": "DAVV gears up to deliver certificate fast", "text": "INDORE: Here comes good news for those waiting to get university degree. The process is going to get simpler in next two months.Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) authorities are gearing up to deliver degrees to students within stipulated time on lines of a pattern being followed by most universities in south India.The timely distribution of degree is one of the conditions for NAAC to accord 'A' class gradation to the university, sources said.Once implemented, students of the university will be given degree delivery date so that students can visit university to collect degree without wasting time. If a student fails to receive degree from the university, it will be mailed on the address provided by the candidate in application form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11332772", "title": "Now, classroom content of IITs can be accessed by MIT students", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Institutes of Technology have agreed to a proposal by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to join their OpenCourseWare community. This move will enable MIT students to access classroom content of the IITs online at a click of the mouse.However, this is not the only way by which the IITs are opening their doors to the world; lectures from IIT classrooms will soon be available on Apple's multi-media platform iTunes. YouTube already has a separate channel for IIT courses, which, as of December 2011, had 63.64 lakh viewers.When MIT had first invited the IITs to join the OpenCourseWare community in 2007, the IITs felt their initiatives were too young to join the world of open source learning. But four years on, the IITs feel that they have caught up with the other members of the open source community, who had started making their course material public a long time ago.\"We have finally decided to join the Open Education Resource Consortium. This move will help us share open source tools. It's an academic enhancement exercise,\" said Mangala Sunder Krishnan, NPTEL coordinator from IIT-Madras.Several other universities like Yale , Peking, Harvard Law School, Notre Dame, Tufts, UC Irvine and Utah State have allowed MIT to host links to their courseware. The Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore, is also a member of MIT's OpenCourseWare.The IITs have their own initiative on similar lines, the National Programme for Technology Enhanced Learning (NPTEL), which seven of the old IITs and the Indian Institute of Science had jointly launched. The NPTEL has over a thousand courses in technology and the humanities. But there is an elementary difference between the efforts put in by the American universities into open courses and the NPTEL. While the former is an enriching exercise, not completely substituting class work, the NPTEL encompasses all topics in every course, from their introduction to the end, allowing students to sit at home and study.More than 500 Indian engineering colleges have been given the NPTEL content, and students can access it through the college intranet. The number of visitors on the NPTEL website has also increased from over 9.37 lakh in 2008 to 44.39 lakh in December 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11333538", "title": "Progressive thinkers want Made Snana ritual banned", "text": "MANGALORE: Progressive organizations have urged the government to ban made made snana across the state, failing which they will intensify the agitation against the ritual \"which undermines human dignity\".At a meeting organized by DYFI, Dalit Sangharsha Samithi (Ambedkar Vada) and Sahamata Vedike here on Sunday, the participants said if the government does not ban the ritual in the next assembly session, they will take out a padayatra from Mangalore to Subrahmanya and organize protests in places where such rituals are held.Earlier, progressive thinker G K Govind Rao said those who perceive democracy and equality as a threat propagate such rituals to perpetuate inequality.Taking on Pejawar seer Vishwesha Theertha Swami, Rao said the seer has not come out against the practice, saying that it was a matter of belief and was going on since centuries. \"That which has history has to be tested time and again. God created humans to be dignified and not to lose dignity by rolling over leftovers,'' he remarked, and also targeted endowment minister V S Acharya for supporting such beliefs.He also reasoned that people were falling for such superstitions because they were becoming corrupt. \"Superstition gives them false sense of security,\" he added.Karnataka State Hindulida Vargagala Jagrutha Vedike state president K S Shivaramu, who was assaulted at Kukke Subrahmanya for opposing the ritual, said the beating he received had strengthened his resolve to fight against the practice tooth and nail.\"Made snana symbolizes oppression and slavery. People should have scientific temper and question superstitions and not follow them blindly,\" he said.Shivaramu said if Pankthi Bedha system wherein Brahmins are served food separately in temples is stopped, made snana ritual will die a natural death. He said the three-member team sent by social welfare minister Narayanaswamy has also endorsed that view.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11331710", "title": "Friends held for teen's death", "text": "HOWRAH: Saikat Das (18), a resident of Domjur's Salap Bazar area, died mysteriously on Sunday. Police arrested two of his friends - Kausik Das (26) and Sunil Datta (24) - on the basis Saikat's father Sagar Das's complaint that the duo had mixed poison in his son's food.Police said that Saikat had gone out with one of his friends to a nearby bar and then went to a local club to celebrate the New Year eve. He suddenly fell ill and fainted on the road after stepping out of the club. Kausik and Sunil took him to Domjur rural hospital where Saikat was declared dead.However, Saikat's family and other relatives stopped both Kausik and Sunil at the hospital, asking them as to what had happened.Saikat's relatives found inconsistencies in Kausik and Sunil's statements and they called up the police. Officers came and arrested the duo after Saikat's father Sagar Das lodged a formal complaint against the duo, alleging that Saikat was poisoned.Police said that they will verify statements of both the parties and will wait for the post mortem report to crack the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332186", "title": "Modi wishes Hazare speedy recovery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi wished Anna Hazare a speedy recovery after he was hospitalized with chest infection.Anna was shifted from Ralegan Siddhi to a hospital in Pune after he suffered from chest infection.\"Praying for the good health of Anna Hazareji. Hope he gets well soon...,\" Modi said on social networking site Twitter.Hazare, who led the movement on Lokpal Bill had stirred a controversy in April by praising Modi for his work in Gujarat and suggesting that other chief ministers should emulate him.However, Hazare did a U-turn on his visit to Gujarat on May 26 last year and criticized the state government over allegations of scams. On his Twitter account today, Modi also expressed solidarity with the people affected due to cyclone Thane.\"People of Gujarat stand by those affected by Cyclone Thane in their hour of grief. Praying for normalcy to be restored soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11330843", "title": "Cutting out Chinese manja sellers", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police are set to crack down on selling of Chinese manja (glass coated thread) that is responsible for many human and bird casualties in kite flying season. Several green NGOs including Green Vigil, People for Animals, CAC Allrounder and Shrushti Paryavaran Sanstha appealed to city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay to take action against traders selling Chinese thread.Dhanvijay forwarded the plea to Ravindra Kadam, additional commissioner of police (crime) assured to take strict action against the offenders. Section 5 of Environment Protection Act (EPA) 1986 defines hazardous substances as \"any substance or preparation which, by reason of its chemical or physico-chemical properties or handling, is liable to cause harm to human beings, other living creatures, plant, micro-organism, property or environment\" and gives police the power to take action against those who trade it.By this definition, Chinese manja is a hazardous material and the police can take action against people trading in it. Keeping in view its dangers and the NGO's plea, a spate of raids were conducted across city and Chinese manja was seized from four spots including Ambazari, Sadar, Ajni and Jaripatka. Total seizures have amounted to Rs 3600.\"There is no actual ban on its sale but we are taking preventive measures citing provisions in EPA and Bombay Police Act,\" Kadam said.Activists claim these manjas are stronger and sharper than local counterparts. \"The sharpness of Indian manjas is blunted after a few months and it breaks easily, so it doesn't cause much harm. Chinese manjas are very difficult to break and their sharpness endures. So even after months, these manjas pose a threat to the birds,\" said Kavita Rattan of Green Vigil.Last year, kites related mishaps caused four deaths and many injuries. This year too 10 people have been injured in similar mishaps. Chinese manjas are also very thin and thus are not easily visible. \"Generally, birds cut off the threads if their wings get entangled, but these manjas are so strong that birds fail to release themselves,\" said Rattan.\"Sadly, Chinese manjas are the only durable Chinese products I have seen and this is one of the major dangers,\" said Tarun Balpande, a city bird lover.Karishma Galani of People for Animals said that every year Chinese manjas worth crores of rupees is brought to India and sold despite ban.\"The ban is largely ineffective. Lets see what happens this year,\" she said. She said that last year she saw 3-4 crows hanging upside down dead after being entangled in Chinese manjas. \"It was a very painful sight,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11333878", "title": "Rajnath\u2019s son meets jailed don Dhananjay", "text": "LUCKNOW: Pankaj Singh, BJP's state secretary and son of party's former national president Rajnath Singh , on Sunday met mafia-turned-politician and BSP MP Dhananjay Singh in Jaunpur jail. The meeting ahead of state assembly elections, triggered speculations about possibilities of BJP fielding jailed don's wife Jagriti in the forthcoming election. Jaunpur MP Dhananjay is in jail in connection with a double murder case. He was arrested recently after he reportedly fell out with chief minister Mayawati.Pankaj Singh, after meeting Dhanajay, told reporters that it was a personal visit and nothing political should be read about of it. Sunday was also death anniversary of Dhananjay's mother. Sources in BJP said that it is not clear at present about Dhananjay's wife joining BJP but did not rule out the possibility either.\"Till now, even the election ticket of Pankaj Singh is not confirmed. Things will be clear after the release of second list of candidates by the party high command in couple of days,\" said a party leader. Dhananjay, who has more than a dozen criminal cases pending against him, is also among suspects in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission scam that rocked UP earlier this year. Murder of three medical officers of family welfare department has also been linked to the scam. Dhananjay was close to former BSP national general secretary Babu Singh Kushwaha, who has also been expelled from the party.Earlier last month, Lokmanch leader and former Samajwadi Party general secretary Amar Singh had also visited Dhananjay. In fact, it was Dhananjay's visit to Amar Singh when he was hospitalised at AIIMS which earned him Mayawati's wrath. He was later suspended from the party. BSP also denied ticket to his father Rajdeo Singh for the assembly elections. However, Dhananjay's suspension was taken back in November when the Opposition was about to bring a noconfidence motion against the BSP government.The mafia-turned-politician, though won Rari assembly constituency in Jaunpur twice as an independent candidate, he is said to be close to Rajnath Singh, who was UP CM in 200-2002 and is considered to be the Thakur face of the party in the state. Dhananjay was also close to Amar Singh and supported Mulayam government in 2004. However, in2009, he contested and won Lok Sabha elections from Jaunpur on BSP ticket and later got his father elected from the Rari in the bypoll. However, for 2012, he was asking for ticket for his father from Malhani assembly constituency.Sources said Dhananjay wanted to change the constituency of his father because of changes in the demographic profile of the old constituency due to delimitation. However, he revolted after Mayawati denied ticket and openly accused senior police officers in the state of conspiring to eliminate him. Later, some BSP leaders made attempts to pacify him by requesting party high command to withdraw his suspension. But Dhanjay did not relent. Later, he was arrested in an old double murder case under Gangster Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11330728", "title": "This NGO fights for farmers' rights", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ajay Vir Jakhar is the chairman of Bharat Krishak Samaj, a prominent forum for farmers. Over the years, his group has fought for everything from better NREGA to a better Right to Food Act. When he speaks about farmers, his demeanour is one of an impassioned pleader for their rights. In an exclusive interview with The Times of India, he spoke about how NREGS could be modified to make it a win-win situation for both the farmers and farm labourers. At present, land owning farmers find it tough to hire labour to till their land. He also said that technology has to be mixed with traditional practices in the right way to maximise the yield.Jakhar spends 15 days in his farm in Maujagarh in Firozpur district of Punjab. He is '10 km' from everywhere - Pakistan , Haryana and Rajasthan. \"So 15 days I spend in my corner of the world and other 15 days of a month in New Delhi and other places,\" he said.He raises Kinnow, a variety of oranges in Maujagarh and has recently started using a vaccine plant version of this variety, which enables him to transport the variety down south instead of just New Delhi, where he gets very low price. Bharat Krishak Samaj was started on April 3, 1955 and has gained prominence in his locality. \"We were agriculturalists for the last 200 years,\" says Jakhar proudly.Asked what he felt Indian farmer needed the most, Jakhar said it was education. \"Farmers need to adopt best agricultural practices. Extension services by the agriculture department , which are good in Tamil Nadu, need to be effectively utilised across the country. In most places, farmers haven't even met their block development officer. They choose crops and fertilizers by what the shopkeeper says. This situation needs to be changed,\" he said, adding that his website (www.farmersforum.in) enlists the advocacy issues that his organisation has taken up.\"There is a last mile connectivity issue in India. Farmers don't even know what schemes the government has for them,\" he said.As for NREGA, he said the district collector and university officials should decide on a period of 150 days every year in which the farmer need not work. \"In 100 days a year, he will also find work in farms as farm labour is getting more expensive and scarce,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335455", "title": "Stars of 31st night", "text": "Since they are born to entertain, B'wood starlets started off 2012 dancing for othersMallika Sherawat , in a white dazzling outfit was found grooving at a Juhu five star on December 31. Changing to a red and white chaniya choli later in the evening, the actress, now back from Hollywood , tried her best to entertain the masses with the dance steps she had once learnt in India.All guitars blazingWhile Mallika was keeping Juhu revellers happy, Jacqueline Fernandez decided to jazz it up at a five star close to the airport. In a dazzling multi-coloured ensemble, Jackie entered with her guitar blazing. Literally. She then launched into a high octane performance keeping the party alive till the wee hours.Sing aloudMusician duo Vishal-Shekhar joined Jacqueline and Neha Dhupia at the party. The girls in turn joined the two in their song on stage.Grooving in to 2012Neha Dhupia joined Jacqueline at the suburban five star to add some extra razzle dazzle to the night. In a black and red dress and later in a pink outfit, Neha bid the old year goodbye.Satish Malavade and Raju Shinde", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338012", "title": "Prakash Raj's 'Dhoni' wraps up", "text": "Actor-producer Prakash Raj has wrapped up his maiden directorial venture in Tamil, titled Dhoni. The last leg of shooting for the film was held in Hyderabad.\"Filming climax of Dhoni in Hyderabad. It's a joy to make a film,\" Prakash Raj tweeted, \"Post production of Dhoni is on. Lovely to see a film forming... Happy to see it shaping.... I'm sure you all will see a quality film.\"And now, the actor is sitting with Ilayaraaja for the final composing. He tweeted, \"My day begins with the master.... Ilayaraaja starts the background score of Dhoni, which is releasing in February.\"Dhoni, also starring Mugdha Godse and Thalaivasal Vijay, is about children and the kind of pressure they face in today's competitive world.Interestingly, Prakash's previous production, Abhiyum Naanum, was about the beautiful relationship between a father and his daughter. He has also produced Inidhu Inidhu, which was about a bunch of college friends and their friendship!Disclaimer :- The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended solely for the addressee or addressees. If you are not an intended recipient, please delete the message and any attachments and notify the sender of misdelivery. Any use or disclosure of the contents of either is unauthorised and may be unlawful. All liability for viruses is excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender, except where the sender states them, with requisite authority, to be those of the specific TIMES GROUP company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11333411", "title": "It was the warmest January 1 in 7 years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The new year began on a warmish note for Tricity residents as the minimum temperature rose overnight to 8.2 degrees celsius on Sunday. The weatherman, however, predicts colder days to come, the upswing of around two degrees celsius from Saturday made New Year's Day the warmest the last seven years.Speaking to TOI, Chandigarh meteorological department director Surender Paul said, \"The weather changed markedly from Saturday night to Sunday morning as the temperature rose significantly in the early hours of the day. The minimum temperature rose by two degrees celsius and with that we had the warmest New Year's Day in the last seven years.\" He said, \"The change in temperature was due to a steady current of north-westerlies and south-easterlies as well as some rainfall activity in Ambala and surrounding areas. We expect colder days in the coming week as well as light fog during early morning and late evening hours in the adjoining areas of Chandigarh.\"Paul added that there was no likelihood of any rainfall in Chandigarh in the next few days, but stated that experts suggest that some rainfall along with thunderclaps may occur in neighbouring areas like Derabassi and Pinjore in the coming week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11330874", "title": "Two farmers electrocuted in Deori", "text": "GONDIA: In an attempt to take direct electric connection from the main line, two farmers of Deori tehsil were electrocuted late on Friday in Nareri village near Deori.According to sources, Yuwaraj Warkhade (42) of Nareritola village near Deori was fed up of stray entering his field at night and damaging his crops. Hence he wanted to put electric current in his fencing. While he was trying to take a connection directly from the main, wire he was electrocuted.His brother-in-law Ganesh Gawande (45) of Garartola village who was standing besides him, rushed for his help. As a result, both of them were electrocuted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11332687", "title": "CM to inaugurate \u2018monument for war heroes\u2019", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate Global Peace Palace, a monument for war heroes and victims of terror attacks built by AKB Kumar, an ex-service man, at Thumboli near here on January 27. The construction of the monument, a replica of Agra's Taj Mahal, started on January 28, 2008.\"I have spent Rs1.25 crore for constructing this monument dedicated to India's war heroes who sacrificed their lives for the nation,\" said 61-year-old Kumar at a press conference here on Friday.Kumar was a chief petty officer in the Indian Navy. He had joined the Navy at the age of 15. During his 18 years of service, he participated in the Indo-Pak war in 1971.\"During that war, I lost some of my friends. It was then that I decided to set up a monument for war heroes. But then I did not have enough money for the purpose. Later, I joined as fire and safety engineer at Kochi Refineries and spent all my savings for constructing this monument. I even had to take a bank loan for completing the structure,\" he said. Kumar retired from Kochi Refineries last April.The Global Peace Palace has four minarets representing the Army, Navy, Air Force and other forces. The central portion of the structure is dedicated to the victims of terror attacks. Kumar said people could visit the monument free of cost, and that he had sought government help for its protection.Union minister of state for power KC Venugopal will preside over the inaugural function. TM Thomas Isaac MLA; KK Govindan Nair, director, Department of Sainik Welfare; U Pratibha Hari, district panchayat president; Saurabh Jain, district collector, and Mercy Diana Masido, the Alappuzha municipal chairperson, will grace the occasion.AKB Kumar has also written two books. He won the `Gold Pen Literary Award', instituted by the National Ex-Servicemen Coordination Committee, for his book In the Year of Devil. His second book, We Were Also Human Beings, will be published soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11333238", "title": "Get-rich-quick schemes under police scanner", "text": "The economic offences wing (EOW) of the police is focusing on companies that offer returns through multi-level marketing (MLM) schemes. While some of these companies operate schemes where incentives are given to participants for selling products and adding more people to the distribution network, others operate money circulation schemes, which is an offence under the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act 1978. EOW officials declined to name the companies, saying investigations were at an early stage. The vigilance follows the arrest of promoters of SpeakAsia, who operated a fraudulent MLM scheme.The EOW is examining whether action by it will stand legal scrutiny. It has taken inspiration from an Andhra Pradesh high court order that refused to quash an FIR registered against a multinational company operating an MLM scheme.Recently, Daniel R Pranjal, chief of the direct selling consultancy firm Strategy India, made presentations before law enforcement agencies on MLM schemes and explained differences between viable and unviable companies. He said: \"In scams that involve MLM schemes, the risk of complaints to the police is less, considering that most investors would have approached their relatives and friends for initial investments. These relatives and friends may not make an issue of it if the promoter absconds with the money.\"He said fraudulent MLM companies rely on word-of-mouth advertising to attract investors and unlike genuine direct selling companies, have no viable business propositions. \"The scams take place because people are ignorant of the concept of direct selling. In most cases, the promoters or the directors copy an existing Ponzi scheme that the authorities did not crack down upon. The companies feel they would be able to exploit loopholes in the system, collect money in some time and disappear as others before them did.\"A police officer said several people get lured by the incentives offered by a fraudulent MLM company only to realize their investment was worthless.Pranjal said: \"Ethical direct selling companies do not pay distributors for recruiting new distributors. Incentivizing distributors for getting new distributors even if the registration or enrolment is packaged with products-having no established market value or priced exorbitantly-points to wrong intention by the company.\"The company, a case against which the Andhra high court heard, manufactured products and marketed them through a network of distributors, who paid a joining fee. One of them approached the Hyderabad police following a dispute in 2006. He said the company was causing him mental agony regarding payments. The company said p ay m e n t s were made on the basis of distributors' skills and business generation. It said there was no coercion of members to sponsor other members and the scheme did not provide payments on mere enrolment. The counsel of the union government told the court the scheme had evolved in such a manner that a person joining as distributor was required to enrol six people, each of whom would enrol four people, each of whom in turn would enrol three people. The money the person at the top of the chain was supposed to get included the money others in the network paid either through subscription or selling products. The court agreed with the counsel and said the method attracted the definition of money-circulation scheme.Times ViewThat companies continue to lure the public with financially unviable returns shows that the system has failed to weed out swindle. The RBI says it cannot act against such companies because they are not non-banking financial companies and the money they collect from the public does not fit into the definition of deposit. Former CBI director Ashwani Kumar admitted at a seminar last July that there was no system to prevent these companies from operating. But washing its hands of the problem and leaving people in the lurch are things we do not expect from a responsible administration. Considering that the companies are spreading their activities to even the state's interiors, the government should immediately create specialized monitoring units in all districts. It should also form special courts to hear cases of white-collar crime given the rise in their number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11333189", "title": "\u2018State allows builder to sell car parking\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after the state cabinet approved a legislation meant to improve transparency in the housing sector, activists have objected to certain \"grey areas\".The cabinet approved the Maharashtra Housing (Regulation and Promotion of Construction, Sale, Management and Transfer) Act, which contains provisions for the formation of a housing authority and an appellate tribunal. To be put up for approval before the state legislature during the budget session, the Act will replace the existing Maharashtra Ownership Flats Act (MOFA), 1963, which was also meant to provide relief to flat purchasers against malpractices by developers in construction, sale and transfer of flats.Provisions of the MOFA have been included in the new Act. Activists, however, observed that some modifications or new clauses introduced went against the \"interests of a flat purchaser\".Ramesh Prabhu, chairman, Maharashtra Societies' Welfare Association (MSWA), alleged that the new Act recognizes the right of a builder to sell car parking areas to flat purchasers.Objecting to a clause which states that the builder should mention the proportionate price of parking spaces separately in the agreement, Prabhu claimed that there existed a Supreme Court directive in this regard, which prohibited selling of car parking.'Open space can be misused'Activists have decried 'grey areas' in the new housing regulation Act. Advocate Vinod Sampat, president of Cooperative Societies', Residents and Users Welfare Association, said the clause relating to pricing of parking lots \"completely disregards the SC directive\".State officials however said that the provision was only meant to bring in more transparency in home deals. Even the model guidelines formulated by the Centre in this regard make a similar provision, an official added.Chairman of MSWA Ramesh Prabhu further alleged that the new Act recognizes the right of the developer to sell utility areas like dry balconies, flower beds, pocket terraces, which were not provided for in MOFA. The official however said that these spaces are anyway being sold.Activists opposed another clause which permitted promoters/developers to amend or modify the layout including recreation grounds, gardens and playgrounds. Prabhu said that this too contradicted another SC verdict. Sampat said that this could amount to \"fleecing\" of the flat buyer. \"A flat purchaser often buys a house on the basis of the open space shown in the layout. By allowing developers to amend plans, the state is only facilitating an exercise wherein he can construct on that open space,\" he said.Prabhu also objected to a condition imposed for the formation of a cooperative society. \"It states that for the registration of a society, all flat owners have to pay the full consideration amount towards the purchase and other amounts. This means, if the developer chooses to keep amounts payable by one or two flat buyers pending, the registration of the society and the conveyance of the land and building will become difficult,\" he said. Sampat alleged that the MOFA Act did not contain this provision.Both also objected to the provision stating that it would not be necessary for the promoter to obtain consent of permission from flat purchasers for utilizing FSI, TDR and or additional FSI in a bigger sized (layout) plot. A state official however said that this was only applicable for FSI and TDR remaining after conveyance of common amenities to a federation of societies, and buildings to individual societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11332780", "title": "Road safety takes the front seat in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city traffic police have intensified the surveillance to nab traffic rule violators as part of the Road Safety Week Observance. The assistant commissioner of police (traffic) M C Devassia said cops have been deployed at key traffic points in the city to check on violations related to zebra crossing and seat belts. The surveillance cameras installed across the city will also be utilized for this purpose.The cops will conduct free eye-check up camps for drivers. The mobile vehicle for this purpose will be parked near moffusil bus stand.As part of the safety week, there is also a plan to organize awareness classes for drivers, schoolchildren and public on traffic rules. The cops will screen a documentary on road safety at public places including railway stations and bus stands. The cops are planning to approach theatre owners for screening the short documentary during the movie intervals, said Devassia.The Motor Vehicles' Department will also conduct awareness at the Institute for Driver Training and Research, Chevayoor. Regional transport officer Sasidharan Nair said the department has been observing road safety week for the last 23 years in an effort to curb traffic related offences.The MVD officials will provide exclusive training for KSRTC bus drivers and tipper lorry drivers. Training for motor driving school instructors and road safety classes for teachers and members of road safety clubs will also be organized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338765", "title": "Dhoni, by Prakash Raj!", "text": "Prakash Raj's Dhoni is almost complete and the promotional material for the film is out. The film features the actor in a powerful role and is said to revolve around the educational system.The subject is based on a child's aspiration to become like famous cricketer and Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni .Music for the film is said to be one of its highlights. Ilaiyaraaja, the composer, has spent a lot of time on the background and rerecording and the tunes are expected to be some of the biggest to hit the market in this year. After a long time, he has done live recording of all the songs for this film. Prakash Raj said in a statement sometime ago, \"My excitement triples with Dhoni as I produce, direct and act in it. To direct is a very important journey for me to reinvent myself.\" The subject is said to be close to the actor's heart and he has put his heart and soul into the flick.Meanwhile, the actor recently bagged the remake rights of the superhit Malayalam rom-com Salt 'N' Pepper. The film is a romantic story between two couples who accidentally get to know each other through their common love for food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11332854", "title": "Rainfall plays spoilsport", "text": "KANPUR: The first day of New year began on a rainy note and played spoilsport for many. Avantika, a student, said her family and friends had planned to visit a dhaba on Kanpur-Lucknow highway. \"However, rains disrupted our plans of enjoying lunch in the open,\" she added.Ten-year-old Sudhanshu was quite happy till Saturday evening. But rains played spoilsport to his plans of going out on a picnic. \"I had arranged new dresses. \"But heavy rains disturbed all my plans. Now I will sit in front of TV and watch New Year related programmes,\" he said. The rains also dampened the mood of shopkeepers and vendors. \"We were expecting huge rush and thought we will have bumper sale. However, the rain has made us helpless,\" said Anil, a shopkeeper in the Mall at Bada Chauraha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337442", "title": "Sonu Nigam\u2019s filmi return", "text": "Seven years after the release of his last film, Love In Nepal, Sonu Nigam is thinking of returning to acting again.He has apparently been offered the lead role in a film directed by Akashdeep. When asked, he admits, \"Akash is very keen on it. It's a musical. It will be a pleasure if things work out. There is a serious surge of proposals lately. I am looking for bound scripts because I feel I'm too sincere in whatever I do and I deserve similar treatment.\" Sonu was recently offered the lead role in David Dhawan's Chashme Baddoor which he turned down. \"The sudden surge of offers is due to the recent appreciation of my performances at the last six award functions last year, comic timing, etc. That's how Chashme Baddoor came my way.\"Sonu adds, \"Love in Nepal was my last film and the only worthy film. My agenda is art. Nothing else. I die when I work on something. I have to have equally driven people around me. It's disappointing to see a 100 days and crores of rupees worth time and effort gone nowhere due to some discrepancies. But I guess I had to learn one most important thing from it; the art of saying no when you are in doubt.\" Has he learnt the art of saying no? \"Yes. I was naive and too soft on friends and elders. Now I understand the bigger repercussions of a project gone wrong. Art, great scripts and working with the most talented people is what I am looking at. Money is no criteria at all.\"(Contributed by Upala KBR, Tushar Joshi and Parag Maniar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11332768", "title": "Rain plays spoilsport on New Year", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The sudden change in weather forced the people to remain indoor on the first day of the New Year. The rain, which started on Saturday midnight, dampened the people's plan for celebrations on Sunday.For the past one week, the weather in the city was 'warm', but the sudden rain caught the people off guard. Heavy to sporadic rain lashed the city and the neighbouring districts. The meteorological office of Indian Air Force recorded 7.4 mm rain.Though it drizzled till noon, heavy rain, accompanied by thunder and lightning, lashed the city by evening.\"We had arranged a party for the New Year but due to heavy rain, only a few of my friends turned up. As only few guests came, lot of food was wasted,\" said Puja. The hotels and restaurants too had a thin presence of customers.\"Anticipating heavy rush on the New Year, we had many arrangements but due to heavy shower, things went the other way round,\" said a restaurant owner Raju Jaiswal. Some hotels which had made open air arrangements had to make last minute changes due to rain.\"We had many plans for the New Year but the wet and cold weather has played a spoilsport,\" said Kitize, an engineering student of Allahabad University.Owing to heavy rain, the mounds of mud were littered on the roads. The MG Road in Civil Lines, which has been dug up for laying of sewer lines, turned filthy and slippery.\"Due to high temperature for the past fortnight, a low pressure area was formed over the entire northern plain of the city and the winds from the western side, having high pressure, of the country descended on the plains. These winds have caused rain in Allahabad and other parts of the state,\" said weather expert Prof SS Ojha. Similar conditions would prevail for a couple of days after which bright sunshine would again make things normal, he added.But this rainfall would be beneficial for the wheat crop, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11331028", "title": "One arrested in Porvorim murder case", "text": "PANAJI: Porvorim police arrested Chandru Malai, 28, a resident of Malim on Sunday for the murder of 32-year-old Abdul Rehman who attempted to steal clothes and a watch from a trawler at Malim jetty on Wednesday. Malai has been remanded to 10 days police custody.An injured Rehman had been admitted to Goa Medical College and Hospital where he succumbed to his injuries on Thursday.During interrogation, the accused confessed that he was upset with Rehman as he would come drunk to the jetty and steal their belongings. \"On Wednesday, between 3am and 4am, there was a fight between the two and in anger, Chandru caught hold of Rehman's head and dashed it against the trawler. Then he gave drunk Rehman several fist blows, due to which he collapsed,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11332459", "title": "Dam row dampens new year spirit in Cumbum", "text": "MADURAI: Cumbum in Theni district and its neighbouring places looked tense with no big celebrations for the New Year except for some people visiting temples and other places of worship, seeking an amicable solution to the Mullaperiyar issue.Shops in many places including Cumbum, Bodi and Uthamapalayam were closed with more police personnel than people on roads. \"We usually celebrate New Year in a big way, but this year our life depends on the protection of this dam. Our celebrations will start only when this is ensured,\" said P Karuppiah of Uthamapalayam.According to farmers, this year, their sole prayer is to ensure their rights to the Mullaperiyar dam.\"We have been ensured that the judgment would be in our favour, but we have to keep our fingers crossed,\" said Muthiah, a famer in Cumbum, who says that if Kerala is allowed to construct the new dam at its desired place, Tamil Nadu will not get water even to meet Madurai's drinking water needs. However, thousands of devotees visited the famous Pillayarpatti temple in Sivaganga district, where the deity was adorned in its golden armour.Tight security arrangements were made here where even bomb squad personnel combed the temple and even its towers with the help of detectors on Saturday. Devotees were checked before being allowed into the temple and sources said that over one lakh persons visited the shrine throughout the day from 4 am on Sunday.In Dindigul district, the Palani Dandhayudhapani temple had devotees queuing up from midnight for dharshan and special poojas were conducted throughout the day.The Srivilliputtur Andal temple, Rameswaram Sri Ramanathaswamy temple, Veerapandi Mariamman and Kuchanur Saneeswarar temples in Theni were other temples which had large crowds on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331697", "title": "Nursery admissions: Sale of forms begins", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sale of application forms for nursery admissions in the upcoming session will start on Monday. According to a notification by the Directorate of Education (DoE), the sale and submission of forms for nursery will start on January 2 and the last date for receipt of applications is January 16.Some schools have divided this 15-day window into two parts - one for sale and the other for submission of forms. While January 2 to 9 will be reserved for sale of forms, the rest of the period is meant for submission of the applications.To avoid rush on the first day, parents are being asked not to panic as the admissions are not on a first-come-first-served basis. Forms will be available over the counter for the entire period. Many schools are also accepting online forms.DoE has directed that the admission process has to be wound up by March 31. Schools have been asked to come out with the first list of selected students, including the waiting list, by February 1. They can bring out the list earlier as well. In case of a second list, schools have to display it by February 29.While most schools are likely to follow the tried-and-tested point system for selection, some will hold a draw of lots even for the general category. The latter will have categories like sibling, alumni and first child and will select students on the basis of a separate draw for each category.A common admission form has been introduced for admissions in the economically weaker section (EWS) category. The form can be downloaded from DoE's official website. Parents need not visit any specific school for the forms as these can be submitted in all schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331624", "title": "504 challaned in crackdown on drunk driving", "text": "NEW DELHI: New Year celebrations landed at least 504 Delhiites in trouble. They will attend a court hearing on the second day of the year. Around 500 drivers were issued court challans for drunk driving on Saturday night. Of these, 222 were car and taxi drivers. The drivers were summoned to the duty metropolitan magistrate on Sunday morning as the regular courts were closed. Meanwhile, not one of these drivers was women.\"On New Year's eve, we prosecuted 624 errant drivers, of which 504 were for drunk driving. The maximum prosecution was in south Delhi, where 168 such drivers were booked. However, we did not find any women drivers who were drunk. We had specifically posted one female officer in each drunk driving team to check women drivers but no women were found driving drunk,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Despite steady drunk driving prosecution for more than a year and almost 3000 people jailed for the offence, it has hardly seemed to deter Delhiites for taking one for the road before leaving. This time's drunk driving prosecution is a steep increase from last year's when 388 drunk drivers had been caught.While maximum drivers were caught in south Delhi, 112 drunk drivers were caught in west Delhi, 109 in north Delhi, 76 in east Delhi and 39 in central Delhi, said police. \"Perhaps there was lesser number of drunk drivers in central Delhi since Connaught Place was out of bounds.Despite the big fine, possible jail term and heavy traffic police presence, people seem to believe that they can continue driving drunk,\" said a senior traffic police officer.This is the third New Year eve in a row that no festivity-related fatal accident took place in Delhi, said cops. \"In 2009 and 2010, there were no fatal accidents due to festivities. Two fatal accidents were reported on December 31, 2011 - one was early in the morning and the other was late at night before midnight. Drunk driving is not the cause of these accidents,\" said a senior traffic cop.Despite heavy fines imposed and the possibility of landing up in jail, people seem to believe they can continue driving drunk, says a senior traffic police officer. CP had fewer drunk drivers as it was out of bounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333100", "title": "Woman ends life after hubby goes partying", "text": "BANGALORE: Two young women chose to embrace death in the wee hours of Sunday, after their partners went partying to celebrate the arrival of the New Year.Heggenehalli resident Kavita M, a homemaker, was upset that her husband, Madhusoodan, chose to get drunk at a New Year party, ignoring her requests not to do so.The couple, hailing from Andhra Pradesh, had eloped and tied the knot three years ago in the face of stiff parental resistance to their inter-caste union. Kavita and Madhusoodan were childless.\"Madhusoodan went to his friend's place around 11pm and returned around 5am. He was sozzled. Kavita locked herself inside the room and hanged herself from the roof,\" police said.Madhusoodan woke up around noon and found his wife hanging from the roof.In the second incident, Reetu, 23, an SSLC dropout and orphan from Assam, was found hanging from the roof of her residence in Kumaraswamy Layout, early on Sunday. Reetu was staying with Charu Kamal since November, and was looking for a job.\"Charu introduced Reetu to his neighbours as his fiancee. On Saturday night, Charu went out with friends to party. On returning around 2am, he found Reetu hanging from the roof. The reason is not known,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11333463", "title": "55-year-old man run over by truck", "text": "VARANASI: A kirana shop owner was killed in a road mishap in Jungipur Township on Sunday morning. According to reports, Harihar Rajbhar (55), a native of ward number 11 of Jungipur Nagar panchayat area, left his home for his shop on Sunday morning. When he was crossing the road near his residence, he slipped and was run over by a truck. He died on the spot. The police sent his body for postmortem.The truck driver fled the scene with the vehicle after the mishap.Miscreants nabbedThe Lanka police succeeded in nabbing a miscreant, identified as Anil Yadav. The cops recovered a countrymade revolver and cartridges from his possession. Meanwhile, a woman chain snatcher was also caught red-handed in Sankat Mochan Temple under Lanka police station area on Sunday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11333434", "title": "Now, a movie on Bhanwari to 'regain lost glory' of Jats", "text": "AJMER: The politically sensitive case of missing nurse Bhanwari Devi will soon be seen made into a movie titled 'Bhanwar - Ek Shadyantra' (conspiracy). This was announced on Sunday at a Jat mahasabha in Nagaur by one Siddharth who will produce the movie.The movie will be in local language - Marwari - and will be released before the next assembly elections.Siddharth said that through this movie the community would regain its lost glory and culture and show how politics is used to defame the community.Talking to the media he said, \"The proposed movie on the life of Bhanwari Devi and aftermath of her death will portray that how in state politics the future of rising politicians is ruined.\"The movie will be produced under the aegis of Jat Culture and Society.Siddharth said, \"Before the launch we will organize a yatra, 'Leelan' , depicting the history and cultural aspects of the Jat community, and cover every corner of the state.\" The people gathered at the meeting on Sunday showed their resentment against the state government and accused that the government was deliberately using the Bhanwari episode to malign the image of Jats.Only the Jat community has been identified in this case while others involved are deliberately being shielded, alleged the community leaders.Lala Ram Anda, president of Yuva Jat Mahasabha said, \"The agenda of the present government is to undermine Jats in state politics\" . He added, \"We believe Maderna is innocent and it would be proved so in the court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11332792", "title": "Rain delays arrival of trains at Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The sudden change in weather affected the trains arriving at Allahabad railway junction on Sunday.Train number 14083 Mahananda Express, whose arrival time at Allahabad junction is 6am, was delayed by over seven hours, train number 12487 Jogbani-Anand Vihar terminal Seemanchal Express arrived three hours behind schedule while train number 18101 Murie Express was delayed by four hours.Train number 15632 Guwahati-Barmer Express was delayed by three hours at it reached Allahabad junction at 2:42pm. Train number 12987 Ajmer Sealdah was also arrived three hours behind schedule while Prayag Raj Express was delayed by an hour. Some other trains too arrived late at the station, causing inconvenience to passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11333564", "title": "In zoo, officials struggle to keep animals warm", "text": "JAIPUR: Authorities of the Jaipur Zoological Garden are at their wits' end to provide warmth to the occupants - animals and birds - as the increasing cold waves and fog pronounce tough days ahead. The authorities are trying from laying bed made of grass to jute curtains and complete change in diet to arranging heaters for a selected few to keep the birds and animals warm.The zoo has a total of 800 animals, including a few from foreign lands like a pair of Australian emus and African baboons from diverse climatic regions. Special arrangements have also been made for the most \"powerful\" inmates - tigers and lions.The diet chart of both tigers and lions has undergone a sea change to keep their b o d i e s warmer and stronger to fight diseases of the winter.\"We are giving them three litres of milk and eggs along with eight kilos of goat meat to retain energy for a longer period,\" a zoo official said.The authorities have also planned bonfires to keep the animals warm with the further dip in the temperature. Also for water animals and birds, including ducks, flamingos, crocodiles and ghariyals, they are given sumptuous meals of fresh fish which is rich in proteins and fats so as to beat the chill.All parakeets, ducks, other birds and rabbits are provided with curtains made of jute for warmth and cosy nests. Heaters would also be fixed close to the cages of birds, officials said.\"They are getting meals three times a day in winter. Their food includes chopped spinach, wheat chappatis and fresh seasonal fruits,\" said Saini, a caretaker. Special care has been given to the birds as for most of them winter is their mating season, Saini added.Lion shifted from cage to open enclosureIt was sheer delight for the visitors at the city zoo on Sunday to see the king of animals roaring in an open arena rather than in its cage. The zoo authorities had shifted the lion from its cage to an adjoining open area with an aim to give it more space. \"The lion immediately adapted its new place and seemed to be comfortable in the presence of the crowd of visitors who gathered around the fence of the enclosure,\" a zoo official said.Huge turnouts raise hope for high revenueThe Jaipur Zoological Garden is witnessing an astronomical rise in the number of visitors, thanks to winter vacations. The authorities are hoping to generate the maximum revenues this year. \"The rise in footfall means that people are becoming aware of various animals in the zoo,\" an official said. Besides, school students, foreigners, local tourists and the city dwellers are also taking a keen interest to visit it with their families during weekends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11333435", "title": "Male-female ratio dips in new electoral roll", "text": "VARANASI: Instead of showing a trend of improvement, the male-female ratio in revised voter list has worsened. However, the election officials are claiming that some improvement is visible in the number of female voters due to which the male-female ratio has improved to some extent.The revised elector roll is ready to be published on Monday. When TOI tried to take stock of the revised voter list of the district on the eve of its publication, it came to light that the male-female ratio that was 1000:817 in the elector roll of 2011 has become 1000:800 after the revision. It's worth mentioning here that as per the new Census report, the male-female ratio of the district is 1000:903.Contrary to the facts provided by the district election office by November end, assistant district election officer Ram Yagya Mishra said that in the voter list of 2011, which was provided to him before the beginning of revision process in September, the actual male-female ratio was 1000:778.Due to some mistake and confusion, the male-female ratio of 2011 voter list was mentioned as 1000:817 in the list available at the election office by December. But when the same voter list was cross-checked, it came to light that the actual male-female ratio was different, he said adding that in comparison to actual figures of 2011 voter list, the number of female voters has increased in the revised voter list.The officials are of the opinion that if the management information system (MIS) software had been provided to the district election office at the beginning of revision process, the monitoring of day-to-day progress could have become possible.They said that it could have helped in detecting the reason and area where the difference in the number of male and female voters is very high at the time of new voter registration process. But the MIS software was made available at the time when the voter list had been prepared for publication.He said that the elector rolls going to be published at booth level from Monday would be final and the voting would take place on their basis. The new voters who would be registered in the next phase of registration process in January could be included in supplementary list to allow them to exercise their franchise.By going through the revised voter list, it can be found that the trend of huge gap between males and females in urban belt is maintained. In comparison to the assembly constituencies that house urban area, the difference between male and female voters is low in the rural belt.The same trend was also visible in the elector roll of 2011. The new thing in the revised voter list is the 'others' category in which mainly the eunuch voters have been registered. As per this list, there are 89 eunuch voters in the elector roll of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11336658", "title": "Indian diplomat attacked in court by Chinese traders", "text": "BEIJING: An Indian diplomat was injured and hospitalised following an assault by a large group of Chinese traders in a court, as he tried to secure the release of two Indians who were held hostage by locals, demanding payment of their dues in the eastern business hub of Yiwu.S Balachandran, a diplomat at the Indian Consulate in Shanghai was rushed to hospital when he fainted after being \"manhandled\" by the crowd that tried to snatch two kidnapped Indians who clung to him.The incident happened when he was leaving the court after prolonged negotiations on the night of December 31.The two Indians had been held hostage by the local traders for two weeks for non-payment of dues by their company, whose owner had allegedly fled the country.Riva Ganguly Das, the Consul General of the Shanghai Consulate of India told PTI here that Balachandran, working as Consul at the Consulate fainted when he was \"manhandled\", while attempting to get the release of Deepak Raheja and Shyamsunder Agrawal.Balachandran, 46, tried to negotiate for their release for over five hours at a court in Yiwu, a big trading centre for a host of commodities.He was assaulted when the two Indians, being held captive for over fortnight clung on to him to leave the surcharged place. The incident took place in the court and in the presence of police and the judge.A high drama ensued as the crowd prevented the two from going along with him demanding that they pay millions of Yuan owed to them for commodities purchased from them.They later pounced on them and snatched the two from Balachandran, who in the process suffered injuries especially to his knee. A diabetes patient, Balanchandran fainted after the assault.Balachandran was rushed to the local hospital in an ambulance in a semi-conscious state by local officials and some Indian traders based in Yiwu.Local officials reportedly apologised to Balachandran after the incident.Though the court said Deepak and Shayamsundar were free to go, they remained in police custody fearing attack by the crowd. They too suffered injuries in the incident.Balachandran was admitted to a hospital in Shanghai yesterday where he is undergoing treatment for his injuries.His condition was better and he is currently undergoing various tests, Das said.The two Indians are lodged at a police station and the Consulate has appointed a lawyer to secure their release.The two were held as captive after the owner of their company, Euro Global Trading, fled without paying the dues of local suppliers. The owner was stated to be a Yemeni or a Pakistani national.The two Indians hailing from Mumbai say they were employees of the company but the local Chinese suppliers assert they will be released only after they pay the dues.Their families were in touch with the Indian Consulate officials to obtain their release.Over 100 Indian traders stay in Yiwu which is the centre of commodities trading.Last year, Indian merchants bought over USD 15 billion worth of goods from the market.Indians say such incidents are common in Yiwu as local suppliers target the traders whenever payments are not made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bijapur (karnataka)", "code": "11332752", "title": "Violence over Pakistan flag hoisting in Karnataka", "text": "BIJAPUR (KARNATAKA): Violence and tension marked the dawn of the New Year in two towns of the neighbouring districts of Bijapur and Bagalkot on Sunday.While mobs damaged vehicles in Bijapur's Sindagi after a Pakistani flag was seen hoisted on the tahsildar's office premises, tension prevailed in Bagalkot's Mudhol town following an attack on a prayer hall.Protestors hit the streets in Sindagi after the news of the flag being there spread. Demonstrators assembled in front of the tahsildar's office and demanded that those responsible for hoisting the flag be arrested.Two buses and a dozen other vehicles were damaged in stone-pelting by a mob. Protestors set tyres on fire and left them all over the roads. Business establishments downed their shutters, while KSRTC pulled all its buses off the roads.Police reinforcements resorted to lathicharge to disperse the mobs. The Pakistani flag was removed. The agitators later surfaced near Basaveshwara Circle in the town and took out a procession demanding action against the miscreants.Sindagi police suspect that the Pakistani flag-hoisting is the handiwork of some miscreants during New Year eve's revelry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11331099", "title": "Maharashtra to fill vacant posts in govt colleges early this year", "text": "NAGPUR: The new year would surely bring good news for institutions, especially imparting professional education across Maharashtra, which have huge vacancies of lecturers and non-teaching staff.The state government has embarked on a major drive of filling all vacant posts of lecturers and professors along with non-teaching staff in all its colleges offering courses like engineering, management, pharmacy and computer applications among others.\"By early 2012, you will not see even a single vacancy of teaching/non-teaching staff. There will be no visiting faculty in these colleges from next year,\" minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope told TOI. He said that the government had taken a policy decision in this regard with a view to improve quality of education.\"About 1,500 candidates would be recruited in teaching and non-teaching categories in these colleges. The Department of Technical Education (DTE) had already screened eligible candidates and prepared their list,\" he said.The minister added that the government had constituted panels under respective divisional commissioners in the state which will conduct interviews of the eligible candidates before appointing them.\"The candidates aspiring to become a lecturer however will have to appear for a written test. An advertisement was published in the first week of December and facility was offered to students to apply online,\" he said.The development would surely bring relief to lakhs of students as they are the worst sufferers in case of inadequate teaching/non-teaching staff. Colleges are suffering due to scarcity of principals, lecturers and non-teaching staff, not only in the government-run colleges but also in private institutions.Even in case of Nagpur University, nearly 450 of over 800 colleges, including Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT), are functioning without regular principals/directors, leave alone lecturers.Interestingly, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court comprising justices BH Marlapalle and Ambadas Joshi had taken a suo motu cognizance of the alarming situation and ruled on December 3, 2008 that the government and the universities should fill the posts of principals/directors in all colleges by May 31, 2009.The court had also directed that names of defaulting colleges should be published in newspapers and students admitted in defiance of the order shall be treated as unauthorized and not be permitted to appear for examinations. However, the Supreme Court rejected the HC ruling while maintaining that process of filing vacant posts should continue to maintain quality.Even a PIL was filed regarding huge vacancies of teaching/non-teaching staff in LIT . The hig court had then directed NU officials to fill them as early as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11332541", "title": "Policeman injured in Jacobite-Orthodox tiff", "text": "KOCHI: A senior police official was grievously injured when a fight broke out between the Jacobite and Orthodox factions at St Mary's Jacobite Church at Kanyathunirappu near Puthencruz on Sunday.According to the police, Puthencruz circle inspector Biju K Stephen suffered serious injuries on his head after he was hit with an iron pipe. The officer along with a contingent of force was at the spot to control the people belonging to both the factions. The incident occurred around 11 am when the police tried to stop people belonging to one faction from entering the church. The officer was immediately rushed to Kolencherry Medical Mission and admitted to the intensive care unit.The tense situation was brought under control after more police officials reached the spot and chased away the warring groups. Senior police officials reached the spot to take stock of the situation. Father Vargheese Kalluppara, spokesperson of the Jacobite Syrian Church said there were tensions in the church as the parish priest was supporting the Orthodox faction despite the church being in the control of Jacobites.Tempers of both Orthodox and Jacobite factions has been running high for quite a long time over the control of the church.There is already a dispute between the two factions over the control of another church St Peter's and St Paul's Church at Puthencruz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331891", "title": "Ustad\u2019s sarod damaged during flight to city", "text": "KOLKATA: Ustad Aashish Khan was in for a rude shock when he opened his sarod case after reaching home from the airport on Saturday morning.The son of Ustad Ali Akbar Khan had arrived from Mumbai on a morning flight and was scheduled to perform at a concert organized by Pt Swapan Chowdhury in the evening.Khan found the skin of his favourite sarod ripped down the centre. The maestro had no choice but to use a new instrument during the evening concert and send the damaged one for repair.\"I took an early morning Indigo flight from Mumbai to Kolkata on Saturday. On landing, I claimed my baggage and returned home. When I opened my case, I was shocked to see the damage to my instrument. It seemed someone had used a knife or blade to rip the skin of my sarod. Thankfully, this was not my father's sarod. Had such a thing happened with Baba's sarod, I would've lost my mind.\" Khan said.\"Even the damage to this sarod has made it so difficult for me. One is used to playing with a certain instrument. It's not that easy to replace it with another one. There are some concerts that can't even be cancelled at the last moment. Swapan bhai had organized this concert in memory of his guru Acharya Santosh Krishna Biswas, and come what may, I knew I would have to perform. Thankfully, the concert was in Kolkata and there are able instrument makers here who can fix the damage,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346779", "title": "Pilgrims\u2019 progress: Another special train for Shirdi on Jan 7", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Buoyed by packed coaches with which their earlier special trains to Shirdi left city's railway station, Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is scheduled to launch another train to the holy city on January 7.A part of the Bharat Darshan Shirdi special trains, the train is scheduled to leave Chandigarh on January 7 for its five-day journey to the holy spot.The train has a capacity of 504 passengers and on Saturday, nearly half of its seats had already been booked.Speaking to TOI, IRCTC chief regional manager R K Sondh said, \"Because of the good response in December, we decided to have another train run so that we could accommodate those who were not able to get tickets last time.\"He said, \"We have started a new scheme where prospective senior citizen passengers can receive a train ticket sitting at home. They just need to call on our helpline and we would send an IRCTC agent to them.\" Sondh added that daily charge for the journey was Rs 500. The train accommodates 504 passengers and would provide meals to all of them without any extra cost. Staying arrangements would also be made for passengers at pre-selected tourist spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11332750", "title": "New electoral roll shows declining male-female voter ratio", "text": "VARANASI: Instead of showing a trend of improvement, the male-female ratio in revised voter list has worsened. However, the election officials are claiming that some improvement is visible in the number of female voters due to which the male-female ratio has improved to some extent.The revised elector roll is ready to be published on Monday. When TOI tried to take stock of the revised voter list of the district on the eve of its publication, it came to light that the male-female ratio that was 1000:817 in the elector roll of 2011 has become 1000:800 after the revision.It's worth mentioning here that as per the new Census report, the male-female ratio of the district is 1000:903. Contrary to the facts provided by the district election office by November end, assistant district election officer Ram Yagya Mishra said that in the voter list of 2011, which was provided to him before the beginning of revision process in September, the actual male-female ratio was 1000:778. Due to some mistake and confusion, the male-female ratio of 2011 voter list was mentioned as 1000:817 in the list available at the election office by December.But when the same voter list was cross-checked, it came to light that the actual male-female ratio was different, he said adding that in comparison to actual figures of 2011 voter list, the number of female voters has increased in the revised voter list. The officials are of the opinion that if the management information system (MIS) software had been provided to the district election office at the beginning of revision process, the monitoring of day-to-day progress could have become possible. They said it could have helped in detecting the reason and area where the difference in the number of male and female voters is very high at the time of new voter registration process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11333191", "title": "City refinery celebrates 50 years", "text": "GUWAHATI: Guwahati Refinery, India's first public sector refinery, celebrated its golden jubilee on Sunday. The day was marked by an inaugural function in the early hours of New Year's Day with a tribute at the Sahid Bedi (Martyr's column) of the Refinery Workers' Union office complex, which was attended by refinery employees, senior officials and the public.With an initial capacity of 0.75 million metric tonne per year, the Guwahati refinery was inaugurated by the first Prime Minister of India, Jawaharlal Nehru on January 1, 1962 and was dedicated to the nation as a New Year's gift. The refining capacity was subsequently enhanced to 1.0 MMTPA and with INDMAX, the pilot plant for first in-house technology of Indian Oil, the ISOSIV and Hydrotreater the Refinery has been able produce eco-friendly fuels.The Refinery produces various products and supplies them to the entire northeast and beyond. The Refinery has planned a month-long celebration including a mural on the history and growth of refinery, a herbal park, CSR initiatives in the health sector, skill development programmes for youth and women and release of an audio album.On Sunday, a reunion of the pioneers and retired employees was organized. They were felicitated by the chief guest, Sudhir Bhalla, Director(HR), IndianOil for their efforts and dedication in transforming a dream into reality. Guwahati Refinery general manager said that the refinery came into existence because of the contribution of the pioneers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331523", "title": "2 nabbed with illegal weapons", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men were arrested for illegal possession of weapons by the MIDC police on New Year's Eve at Andheri (E).The duo, Sandeep Verma (20) and Siyaram Yadav alias Taklya (21) were nabbed from Pump House area. The accused were carrying a countrymade revolver as well as three live cartridges. They were picked up between 11.30 pm on December 31 and 1.30 am on January 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331548", "title": "Fire spoils New Year mood", "text": "KOLKATA: The celebration street coiled into a shell of panic for the second consecutive afternoon on the New Year day. If it was a fire extinguisher blast at a restaurant on Saturday, flames returned to haunt Park Street yet again on Sunday, just as Kolkata's entertainment hub was waking to life after late-night revelry.Crowd had started building up at restaurants that were serving lunch when smoke started billowing out of the Apeejay House. It triggered panic and many preferred not to wait in queues fearing a repeat of the Stephen Court accident.None of the restaurants shut shop. The flames were doused within an hour, paving the way for revelers to return late in the afternoon, though. Evening was fairly crowded as well. But for visitors and restaurants, the fire spoilt the mood. \"Our bad luck continues. Just as people had started walking in for lunch, the fire happened. The crowd thinned quickly. It did build up later, but we lost business,\" said Pratap Daryanani, owner of Oasis.Kwality restaurant, barely 50 metres from Apeejay House, received numerous calls from panic-stricken patrons. \"We don't book tables so there were no cancellations. But scores called up to enquire if the fire was serious and whether it would be safe to visit. We tried to convince them the best we could. But many, it seemed altered their plans for the crowd suddenly thinned after 1pm. Footfall remained moderate till 4.30 p.m. which is unusual on January 1 when people flock to Park Street for a late lunch,\" said Ashok Suji, assistant general manager of Kwality.Bar-B-Q remained packed through the afternoon. But the queue to get in disappeared after the fire. \"Not many of our guests knew that a fire has happened next door. But those out on the road were scared to see the fire engines roll into the building next door. So, they beat a hasty retreat,\" said a manager.The Street, Park Hotel's ground-floor confectionary, was deserted soon after the fire. Olypub, too, missed the lunch crowd. Trincas, which is nearest to the affected building, remained relatively empty for several hours in the afternoon. Those who ignored the fire and stuck to their lunch plan on Park Street looked anxious.\"You can't see the flames or smoke from here so it's got to be a minor one. But it's disturbing if you are out with your family. It keeps reminding you of Stephen Court and that's not a pleasant thought,\" said Rahul Sen, waiting in a queue to enter Peter Cat. Both Mocambo Peter Cat witnessed a huge turnout early in the afternoon.The scenario changed as fire engines started driving into Apeejay House. \"The fear was obvious but thankfully for us, the fire did not affect the flow. It's both unfortunate and strange that we had scares on New Year eve and then again on January 1. It was as if fate had conspired against Park Street. But the evening was better. In fact, none of my afternoon guests seemed unduly worried either,\" said Nitin Kothari, owner of Peter Cat and Mocambo.On Saturday, a fire extunguisher blast at One Step Up left four employees injured. The restaurant has been shut down.\"On New Year days, we would receive calls for booking. This time, we have been flooded with calls asking if we are still open,\" said Daryanani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330635", "title": "Statue of equality should come up at Indu Mill site: Ambedkar", "text": "PUNE: A 'statue of equality' should be put up at the controversial Indu Mill site in Mumbai, said Anandraj Ambedkar, grandson of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, here on Sunday.The Union government on Saturday stated that it has principally agreed to give land for the memorial. Aanadraj was in town for an event to celebrate the declaration made by the Union government.Anandraj, the founder of Republican Sena, led an agitation demanding nearly 12 acres of land at the Indu Mill site in Mumbai, which is owned by the Union government, for the memorial of Babasaheb Ambedkar in the first week of December. A group of Congress leaders including the chief minister went to Delhi to raise the issue after a 24-day agitation.When asked if Congress was trying to take political credit for the allocation, Anandraj said that the party was not supporting their cause. \"The issue has been there for years. Had the ruling party thought about it, the land would already have been given for the memorial years back,\" he said.Speaking with reporters on the sidelines of the programme held in the city, he said \"Following our agitation they could have allocated the land immediately. The Congress should have given the entire land at that time. But the state government only promised four acres. It is the pressure of the people that finally forced them to allot the land. So, Congress cannot take credit for it.\"Anandraj said that a memorial on the lines of the Statue of Liberty has been planned. \"People from across the world should learn about the works carried out by Babasaheb for social unity,\" he saidAvailable land misusedOn the one hand people are agitating for land to build a memorial, and on the other a group of Republican workers have alleged that the available land is being misused. \"Nearly ten acres of land was allotted for a memorial at Bhima Koregaon area in Pune. But this land is being neglected. People are using this land for the wrong purposes,\" Gangadhar Gade, president of Panther Republic Party said.Gade said that the land is getting encroached upon. Political workers should not only work to get the land, but also see that it is used correctly, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335538", "title": "I dreamt of being a Hindi film heroine: Sunny Leone", "text": "Sunny Leone talks about her stint at BB 5, the Bhatts and moreQ Mahesh Bhatt expressed his desire to work with you... How does it feel? A Indian girls who live abroad abroad grow up watching these beautiful actresses in Hindi films on television, dreaming if they could ever be a part of it. I am no different. But the option of doing a Hindi film wasn't there. Now it is. So I'd love to work with Mahesh Bhatt. When he came into the house it was the first time I could speak freely on the show. He knew who I was. He knew my background. Mr. Bhatt and his daughter had been following my career for quite some time.Q You went into the Bigg Boss house, keeping your profession a secret. Didn't that give you freedom from being judged? A No. When I went to inside the house I concentrated on giving them a sense of who I was as a person, and not of what I did as a career. That was tough. It was very important for them to come to terms with my personality before I revealed my true identity.Q What was their reaction when they got to know that you are an adult film actress? Would have you been embarrassed if anyone had issues? A I had confided in Juhi Parmar before I announced it to the world (laughs). And then I told the others who I was, what I did for a living and why I was there on Bigg Boss. They were surprisingly okay with it. That was absolutely a pleasant surprise. If anyone had issues with what I did, I'd have known.About being embarrassed, No. I've been doing adult porn for ten years. I've met all sorts of people. Those who like me, those who dislike me for what I am and what I do, those who hate or appreciate my choice of profession. I wasn't really bothered with the reactions I'd get in Bigg Boss.Q How was the experience in Bigg Boss? A It was interesting watching the dynamics within the House. Language was a problem. This was the first time I had to understand and speak in Hindi. There were lots of arguments. I had never been so vulnerable in my entire life. But it was a learning experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11333677", "title": "Unravelled: How HIV hits body\u2019s defences", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists in the US claim to have unravelled how HIV hijacks the body's own defences to promote infection, a finding which may pave the way for curbing the spread of AIDS.A team at University of California , led by Nevan Krogan, has described how HIV commandeers restriction factors - a class of human proteins that evolved to block viruses - to weaken the body's defences and enhance the virulence of HIV infection, the 'Nature' journal reported.\"One of the keys to HIV's success is how quickly it can evolve new attack strategies - and the way in which it uses our own proteins against us is a prime example of that,\" said Dr Krogan.He added: \"However, now that we've shed light on this process, we are one step closer to developing new drugs that will help us pull ahead in this evolutionary arms race.\" AIDS has killed over 25 million across world since first being identified 30 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11333491", "title": "IGP: Larger role for cops to facilitate inclusive growth", "text": "MANGALORE: Men in Khaki in western range of police will don an additional hat apart from their role of maintaining law and order and detecting crimes - become the sounding board for possible friction points that development projects in revenue districts of the range bring.A high-level meeting chaired by chief secretary in Bangalore recently has given this mandate to the police to ensure that development projects are more inclusive in nature.In an informal chat with a section of the media here on Sunday, Inspector-General of Police (western range) Pratap Reddy said any development project that the state undertakes brings with it concerns of balancing environmental issues and rights of people in the project area. While the revenue department facilitates such projects, police can play role of facilitator in gauging the mood of people and bringing it to notice of the authorities, he said.Citing the recent example of people's agitation over survey of land for crude oil storage facility of Indian Strategic Petroleum Reserves Ltd at Padoor in Udupi district, IGP said it was finally portrayed as law and order issue. If concerns of locals over the survey had been assuaged before taking up the survey, things would not have come to stage where people were forced to launch an agitation.Likewise, even on pinpricks posed by Left-winged extremists in the Western Ghats region, the IGP said the issue has to be dealt with holistically and not merely as law and order problem.\"We have been given mandate to convey the concerns of people residing in naxal-infested areas to the authorities, vis-a-vis development,\" he said, adding that policemen have been sensitised on the need to feel the pulse of the locals and give the feedback to the authorities concerned.On the recent killing of Sadashiva Gowda, allegedly by naxals for being a police informant, Reddy described it as a desperate act by naxals who are unable to make any headway in forcing their ideology on locals or win them over to their side. IGP rejected naxals' claim that Gowda was a police informant. \"We are looking at this case purely from the criminal side, where the right of an individual has been violated,\" Reddy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332419", "title": "Devaliya: Home, sweet home for leopard cubs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For seven leopard cubs in Devaliya, their foster home just got a serious makeover. From being forced to live in small cages, these orphaned cubs are now frolicking in one of the country's first open to sky enclosure.The large enclosure was set up when the forest officials noticed that the small cages were not only cramping the energetic activities of the cubs, but also causing physical ailments. For example, some of these caged cubs developed hunch back.\"In order to provide the cubs with better and much healthier living conditions, we have designed the special open to sky enclosure for the leopards,\" said a senior forest official.Forest department officials said those leopard cubs which were rescued when they were orphaned were never released in the wild. These cubs had to be kept in the cage permanently.For staying in close small enclosure, by the time they grow up, the cubs develop hunch back and even their life span also gets decreased by three to four years.\"We were worried and hence, decided to carry out an experiment. The department developed a specially designed open to sky enclosure in an area of 1,250 sq meter in Devaliya park. The enclosure is surrounded by iron grills in the bottom with at least 5-6 feet of tin sheet and then again a stretch of grills.This set up prevents the leopard cubs from jumping out,\" said chief conservator of forest (wildlife) R Meena.Meena said the big enclosure will give the cubs a natural environment and space to move about freely.\"We can't leave them in the wild as they have not developed hunting skills as they were brought to the zoo when they were very young,\" said Meena.A forest official said that Devaliya was selected for the experiment as this was an area where the six to seven lions were kept in an area of 35 sq km for lion safari.\"There are no chances of the leopard getting out because of the tin sheets. However, even if they somehow manage to get out of the cage, they can be easily located in the 35 sq km area which is again a forest land,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332319", "title": "Saptak begins with a vote of thanks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Saint Tyagaraja, a member of Carnatic music's trinity of hallowed composers, wrote 'Endaro Mahanubhavulu' as part of Pancharatna Kritis.The work's title means 'There are many great figures', to whom the saint offers salutations ('Andariki Vandanamulu' or 'my namaskaras to all'). That spirit of thankfulness and appreciation italicized the thoughts of Manju Mehta as the Saptak Music Festival's 32nd season was about to begin, on Sunday at Amrut Mody School of Management. Mehta - who now curates Saptak's cultural potency - paid tribute to the principal custodians of the festival's heritage.\"Saptak's success relies on the support and guidance of people like Prafull Anubhai, a member of the music conference's advisory board,\" Mehta said. \"And of course on the Amdavadi audience's backing, and their discernment.\"Mehta's daughter, Hetal Mehta Joshi - a tabla exponent who sustains the Banaras Baaj in Gujarat - also reflected on the prodigious goodwill and effort the festival needs. \"Without the encouragement and initiatives of friends such as Rupande Shah, Bharti Parikh and H C Kapasi, it would have been impossible to nurture the Saptak legacy,\" Hetal said. She, like her mother, saluted the city's rasikas. \"Performing in front of Ahmedabad's audiences is always rewarding and satisfying,\" she said.For their part, many Hindustani exponents express wholehearted gratitude to Manju Mehta for her compassion and energy. \"At last year's Saptak, till about half-an-hour before my recital, I had no tabla player,\" said Suchismita Das, a sparking vocalist from the Patiala Gharana. \"My original accompanist could not make it because of some problem. But Manjuji and Pandit Vishwamohan Bhattji helped me a lot. Despite their stature, they really went out of their way to ensure my performance took place. I will always be grateful to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11332645", "title": "Guru Gobind Singh\u2019s birth anniversary celebrated", "text": "KOCHI: The holy chants of 'Waheguru' resonated at the Guru Singh Gurudwara in the city this Sunday.It was the 346th birth anniversary of Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth and the last of the ten gurus of the Sikh community. The day was more special for the close-knit Sikh community because they assembled here from all over Kerala.The celebrations were according to the solar calendar and they celebrated the life of Guru Gobind Singh, who was a guru by the age of nine. \"A warrior-poet and a philosopher, Guru Gobind Singh is considered a perfect example of manhood. Our children are taught to be like him,\" said an old-timer, Indrajith Kaur.The gurudwara in Kochi is a major centre for Sikhs in the state and it follows all religious days as per the religious commandments.Guru Gobind Singh's establishment of the Khalsa (pure) is considered as one of the most important events in the history of Sikhism.A brief history of guru's teachings was explained by Khulwant Singh, a professor from the University of Chandigarh, specializing in Sikh Ideology and origin. He came here after Sri Guru Singh Sabha invited him to impart his knowledge to the third generation. Among his contributions to Sikhism, the most notable was the formalization of the religion founded by Guru Nanak Dev, almost three centuries ago.Guru Gobind Singh succeeded his father Guru Tegh Bahadur as the leader of Sikhs at the tender age of nine. The community observed a religious week from Dec 26-30 while observing 'Nagar Keerthan' week that solemnized prayers. \"Day and night at least one person used to chant the holy verses of the Guru Granth Sahib continuously,\" said Bunty Singh, one of the main organizers. Around 250 to 300 devotees attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11331870", "title": "HC raps transport dept for not certifying disabled man\u2019s car", "text": "CHENNAI: It is the state's responsibility to make available 'invalid carriages' for the benefit of the disabled, the Madras high court has said, adding that curtailing the mobility of a disabled would amount to perpetuating inequality.While directing the authorities to issue registration certificate to C Paulraj, a disabled farmer who modified his Maruti 800 to suit his needs, Justice D Hariparanthaman said, \"If the mobility of physically-challenged persons is curtailed, it would result in perpetuating inequality and the object of the Persons With Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act 1995 would be defeated.\"The matter relates to the rejection of Paulraj's request to the regional transport officer of Tirunelveli seeking registration certificate for his new car. Paulrak is paralysed below his hip. He had earlier an autorickshaw modified and duly certified. He then purchased a car, which was also modified and duly certified. The problem arose when the RTO refused to certify his new car, on the grounds that only company-manufactured vehicles, and not modified versions, could be certified.Justice Hariparanthaman, rejecting the submission, said that the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 did not prohibit any person, including physically challenged persons, to convert motor vehicles as invalid carriages, so long as the alterations do not change the basic feature of the vehicle.Pointing out that Paulraj had changed the leg operated brake, clutch and accelerator into one of hand operation, the judge said such changes would not cause a change in the basic feature of the vehicle. He then asked the RTO to issue permanent registration to Paulraj's vehicle within four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11332382", "title": "Cuttack set to host international dance festival", "text": "CUTTACK: It is time to gear up for some desi dance moves with a videshi touch as the Millennium City gets ready to host the third edition of International Dance and Music Festival from January 4.The six-day festival will feature over 100 classical dancers from India and abroad. Apart from India, classical dancers from countries such as Ukraine, Mexico, Singapore , Russia , USA, UK, Iran, Japan and France are to participate in the festival, being organized by Utkal Yuva Sanskrutik Sangh since the past three years. The fest has been aiming to promote and popularize classical art forms amongst the youth.\"It is unfortunate that our youths are getting attracted towards western dance and music forms. Through this festival we want to highlight the devotional fervour of foreign artists towards Indian classical dances and make our youths aware of the richness of Indian classical art forms,\" said an organizer of the festival.\"The International Dance and Music Festival will provide a completely different flavour to the audience. If an Ukrainian will mesmerize them with Bharatnatyam, an American will captivate art lovers with Kathak moves. The festival will be a visual treat for art lovers,\" said Kartik Rath, another organizer of the festival.All the eight important classical dance forms of India - Bharatnatyam, Kuchipudi, Odissi, Kathak, Kathakali, Mohiniattam, Manipuri and Sattriya - will be showcased at the festival, to be held at two venues of Saheed Bhawan and heritage hall of Ravenshaw University.Renowned classical dancers like Irina Komissarova of Russia, Quiahui Fentes Anaya of Mexico, Akane Hosino and Kazuko Yasunobu of Japan, Lisa Santhanam of USA and Chloe Romero of France will perform Odissi, while Ganna Smirnova of Ukraine is slated to perform Bharatnatyam and Vrata Chigateri to present Kuchipudi prowess in the festival. Famous musicians such as R Sridhar, Santa Kundu will perform various classical music forms of Carnatic, Hindustani, Odissi and Thumri-Dadra.Another highlight of the festival will be an instrumental Persian music performance. The renowned Parastoo Moradi and group will come all the way from Iran to perform Persian music at the fest, said organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11331948", "title": "After HC cracks the whip, postal dept pulls up its socks", "text": "CHENNAI: The Department of Posts has decided to deliver court notice/summons to addressees on a priority basis, and not to take more than five days to complete service.This is pursuant to the high court's order last month, rapping the department for postmen's lackadaisical attitude while handling court notices, and directing the chief postmaster-general to issue suitable circulars or instructions to his subordinates.An innocuous return of a notice undelivered to the addressee often holds up disposal of cases pending in court, the court pointed out, adding it amounted to interference with the administration of justice.The department has issued a circular advising postmen to deliver court notices and summons on priority basis. The department will be employing more postmen on contract to complete service of court letter or notice or summon within a maximum of five days.Chennai city has about 1,000 postmen and 300 post offices. Often, services of retired postmen, who are familiar with families, are engaged to deliver mails.Assistant director of postal services at the office of chief postmaster-general, M K Subash said postmen faced problems when addressees shifted residence or were hesitant to receive court summonses.\"It is a tough job for the postman as most addressee say they are not aware of the person or say they will have to consult their husband or lawyer before receiving the letter,\" he said. In such situations the postman informs the higher-ups after two attempts to complete service. Norms state that the addressee should collect the letter from the post office within five working days, after which it is sent back to the sender.Postmen are worried about the latest circular, as they have to make a number of attempts to trace the addressee. Stating that pressure on them is high, V Natesan, a postman at Kilpauk, said: \"Each of us has been served a copy of the circular and instructed to complete delivery of court notices and summons on a priority and we are complying with it. Though it is an added pressure this is our job and we have to do it and we urge addressees to cooperate with us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11332724", "title": "\u2018LDF leaders didn\u2019t attend NSS meeting despite invite\u2019", "text": "KOTTAYAM: None of the Left Democratic Front (LDF) leaders attended the meeting of the Nair Service Society (NSS) convened at Perunna on Sunday, despite being invited, said NSS general secretary G Sukumaran Nair.He was speaking at a meeting held in connection with the birthday celebrations of NSS leader Mannath Padmanabhan. He also said NSS would welcome all who come to its headquarters, even if they come uninvited.\"Earlier, we had invited Kodiyeri Balakrishnan when he was the home minister and M Vijayakumar when he was the speaker. They might have wanted to visit Perunna, but some forces prevented them,\" he said. \"They fear that their secular image would be tarnished if they come. After discarding our invitation, there is no point in complaining that only UDF leaders attended the function,\" he said.Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the birthday celebrations of Mannath Padmanabhan at Perunna on Monday. Sukumaran Nair also alleged that the education department was still controlled by those officials who tried to sabotage aided schools during the LDF rule. \"If the government fails to control them, it will affect the UDF badly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11331872", "title": "Delhi youth killed in road accident", "text": "Vipul Kumar, a 22-year-old youth from Delhi, died and his four other friends were injured in a road accident on Saturday night. The incident took place when the five were going to Aroma hotel in Sector 22 from the IT Park in Manimajra for celebrating new year but the rear wheel of their car burst near the Kishangarh roundabout. The car was being driven by Parminder Singh of Bathinda district, while Vipul, was seated next to him. Police said Vipul who suffered head injuries was taken to the Government Medical College and Hospital in Sector 16, where doctors declared him brought dead. Two of the four other injured were identified as Haqiqat and Vivesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11333041", "title": "Child, elderly woman die in 2 mishaps", "text": "MUMBAI: A child and an elderly woman were killed in separate accidents at Wadala and Charkop on New Year's Eve. Around 3.45pm on Saturday, three-year-old Shireen Chaudhary, who stayed at Deenbandhu Nagar, was playing outside her home when she suddenly went on to cross the adjoining road. As she walked across Veer Abdul Hamid Road, a tempo ran her over. She was rushed to KEM Hospital where doctors declared her dead.A paan-vendor, who has his shop near the spot, registered a complaint with the Wadala police. \"We have arrested the driver, Bhikaji Konwalkar, for rash and negligent driving. He is from Thane,\" the police said.In the second case, a 58-year-old woman, Savita Moratkar, was killed when a biker hit her as she crossed Siddheshwar Road at Sector 5 in Charkop. She fell on the road face-first, fatally injured. The biker, Viral Panchal (22), has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11333521", "title": "Education department plans NCERT syllabus from Class 1", "text": "AJMER: The school education in the state will acquire new dimensions this year as the education department is not only planning to introduce NCERT syllabus from Class I to Class VII, but also want to change the evaluation system. Teachers will have to spent nearly 2 hours more in government schools to evaluate each student as per skills. On the other hand, the CBSE schools are also trying to improve their performance and trying to make CCE (comprehensive and continuous evaluation) system more effective.The Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education has already implemented NCERT courses in Class IX to Class XII this year. \"In this syllabus, students will have single paper pattern in board exams and it also helps them to prepare for competitive exams,\" said Subash Garg, chairman of the board.The Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan has also started NCERT course in Class VIII from this session in government schools in which about eight lakh students are getting new pattern of studies. \"We have already arranged books in schools and training sessions have started for teachers to get acquainted with the new syllabus,\" said an official of Abhiyan.\"Our aim is to begin these courses in all classes from the coming academic session. But if it fails, then we will divide it into two phases,\" said an official.The department maintained that NCERT syllabus will give a comprehensive view to students . \"The main problem will be to make teachers adjust with the NCERT books,\" says Manoj Dube, president of teachers' association . The department said that training and refresher programmes for teachers will be held in summer holidays.Besides the NCERT syllabus, the department is also going to change the school timings for the first time in the past 65 years. \"The schools will now have seven-and-a-half hour timing which is at present five-and-ahalf hours a day,\" said Naseem Akhter, minister of state for education . She added that the schools will run for the same five-and-a-half hours but the extra two hours will be for teachers who will evaluate students and prepare lessons for next day.\"Every student is evaluated not by answersheets but by the personality and on his or her ability to grasp things. The grades and marks will be provided as per these skills,\" added Naseem Akhter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11331378", "title": "Madhya Pradesh likely to clock 10% farm growth", "text": "BHOPAL: Driven by this year's record rainfall and increased cultivation area of wheat, pulses and other crops, Madhya Pradesh's agriculture growth is likely to cross 10% this fiscal.Beating extreme weather conditions, MP clocked 9% agricultural growth, surpassing the national average of 0.04% in 2009. The state achieved the growth rate despite widespread drought and 35% deficient rainfall in the year.In 2011, the agricultural growth rate is likely to be over 10% given 15% increase in area under wheat and 50% under gram cultivation. The area under other crops is also likely to increase. Besides, this year the rainfall in the state was the best in the country in terms of distribution and timing.Agricultural growth had recorded in the negative almost every alternate year. In 2000, the agricultural growth rate was -28.29% followed by -19.64% in 2002-03, an official spokesman said. Experts said that the negative growth in agriculture sector would be a thing of past in the state.The state government claimed that better irrigation and other facilities were provided to farmers in the past five years.\"Last eight years have seen creation of irrigation potential for additional eight lakh hectare. Moreover, realization of created irrigation potential was 35% in 2002-03, which has now gone up by 50%.''\"Balram ponds and Jalabhishek Abhiyan have also played a major role in augmenting irrigation facility. As many as 8,500 Balram ponds have been constructed that have provided irrigation to a large area. Under Jalabhishek Abhiyan, seven lakh water conservation structures have been constructed providing irrigation facility for about one lakh hectare,'' the release added.In addition, tariff subsidy of the order of Rs 5 thousand crore has been provided to the farmers. Subsidies on farm implements and seeds and fertilizers have been given to farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331429", "title": "Neighbours help schizophrenic bounce back", "text": "MUMBAI: In a city that has little time to stand, stare or care, neighbours of a 45-year-old schizophrenic in Borivli (W) have shown how little care and affection can work wonders.The building's residents stood by the patient even when his family did not and helped him get back to normal life. Ramlal Mehta (name changed) has shown remarkable improvement from the day he had to be rescued by the police and fire department officials from his flat on the second floor of Meenal society in December 2009. Mehta had not opened his door or eaten meals for three consecutive days following which his neighbours the Thadanis informed the cops, who entered his apartment through the window. Mehta was unconscious and was in a serious condition.Cut to present date. Mehta has resumed his administrative job at KEM Hospital. His mother, Hansaben, has returned from her hometown in Gujarat after much persuasion from Mehta's treating doctor Harish Shetty. Hansaben had left her son to take care of himself due to his \"violent behaviour\".This is when the Thadanis took upon themselves to help Mehta. After he was rescued, the Thadanis took him to an Andheri hospital and later to a rehabilitation centre in Nalasopara. \"We never treated Mehta as a mental patient. I was never afraid of him,\" said Meena Thadani, the mother of two and former mayoral assistant.\"We took care of his meals and medicines for the last couple of years,\" she added. The Thadanis also supported Mehta when he was diagnosed with tuberculosis and admitted at the TB Hospital in Sewri for more than six months.Once he recovered, Meena helped Mehta to approach the civic body and explain his health condition. At the same time, she persuaded with the BMC to let him continue with his job. Meena said KEM Hospital officials were supportive of Mehta's condition.Meanwhile, the Thadanis and Dr Shetty persuaded Hansaben to return home to take care of him. \"She came down eventually, renovated the house and started taking care of him,\" said Meena. Hansaben, however, seemed reluctant to talk about Mehta's \"troubled years\". Mehta claimed that he had recuperated with the help of medication and enjoyed resuming office.\"Reintegration of mentally ill patients depends upon the support of employer and compassion from the community,\" Dr Shetty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332036", "title": "No U-turn: Offenders pay Rs 9 crore fine", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They say that Amdavadis are way too cautious about their money and there are numerous jokes about miserly Amdavadi. However, it is not exactly the reality when it comes to shelling out money when caught on the wrong foot by the city traffic cops. While most prefer to offer bribe of Rs 20 or 30, others don't mind paying Rs 50, getting a challan and nonchalantly driving away.The year-end figures by the city traffic police indicate just that. The fine collection has jumped from Rs 7.89 crore in 2010 to Rs 9.32 crore in 2011, that is an increase of Rs 1.43 crore or over Rs 39,100 a day!The city traffic department has long mooted the proposal of raising the minimum fine amount from Rs 50 to Rs 100 and in some cases, up to Rs 500. However, the proposal is still pending with the state government.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) S M Khatri told TOI that people don't understand that monetary penalty exists not earn money but as a deterrent. \"When the prices have skyrocketed in all the spheres of life, Rs 50 is not such a big amount. So far, we have not been able to identify the repeated offenders but in 2012 we are hoping to change that too. We have now collaborated with the RTO officials to get details of the vehicle registration. We are thus proposing to increase the fine amount depending on the offence registered. We can then also take punitive action such as cancellation or suspension of licence for a stipulated period,\" he said.Some experts, however, believe that raising the amount of fine would not result into fewer offences. Gauri Wagneaar, member of Ahmedabad Traffic Consultative Committee (ATCC) said that no amount is enough to deter the offenders. \"We have a mindset that the fines are for the traffic police to make money. Same issue was raised when the city traffic police started drive against overcrowded school autos and vans. Parents felt that it was to harass them. The only way we can make people responsible is through education. We believe that knowledge always has a subtle impact on behaviour of a person,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338068", "title": "Imran Khan indicates political tie-up with Musharraf", "text": "ISLAMABAD , The political scene in Pakistan appears to be hotting up, with the cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan's Tehrik-e-Insaf party indicating that it is open to an alliance with former military ruler Pervez Musharraf.The party's new vice-chairman Shah Mahmood Qureshi said a decision on forming an alliance with Musharraf's All Pakistan Muslim League will be taken in due course of time after considering circumstances.His comments come in the wake of political ripples triggered by the 'memogate' scandal, which has put the country's powerful army and the executives at loggerheads, leading to speculation of possibility of early polls and new political alignments.Musharraf, who has been living outside Pakistan in self-exile since early 2009, recently announced he would return to the country later this month.Musharraf is expected to set the date for his homecoming while addressing a rally in Karachi by phone on January 8.During an interaction with the media in Multan yesterday, Qureshi said: \"People from every political party are joining the Tehrik-e-Insaf.\"The party is not \"just a trend\" as it represents \"an ideology against the status quo\", he said.Qureshi further said that if all lawmakers of the main opposition PML-N decided to resign from parliament, the Pakistan People's Party-led government would be left with no option but to call an early election.The Tehrik-e-Insaf, however, is in no hurry to gain power, said Qureshi, a former foreign minister who recently broke away from the PPP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "11332512", "title": "Cops seize heroin worth Rs 50 lakh", "text": "TUTICORIN: Police seized half a kilogram of heroin from a gang and arrested all four including a polytechnic student here on Saturday. Addressing media persons on Sunday, Tuticorin SP J Rajendran said they had received a tip-off that an area behind Kamaraj college was being used by drug peddlers.The police then started closely monitoring the area under special teams led by ASP Sonal Chandra and Tuticorin south police station inspector Annaraj.At 3 pm on Saturday, they found four persons roaming the area suspiciously and nabbed them. Investigations revealed that one of the men, Antony Michael Innasi alias Chandrabose alias Pulikesi (51) from Fatima Nagar in Tuticorin was the kingpin behind the smuggling. His accomplices, Yasar Arafath (26), Vijaykaran (21) and Thangamadan alias Madan (19) all from Tuticorin were also arrested.Among them, Thangamadan was a third year polytechnic student while the other two had also completed their polytechnic studies. The youngsters would supply drugs among college students. Half a kilogram of heroin worth about Rs 50 lakh in the international market was seized from the gang, he said.Further investigations revealed that Pulikesi was involved in smuggling drugs to Sri Lanka and Maldives. Police also seized a two wheeler and four mobile phones used by the gang, Rajendran said. ASP, Sonal Chandra was also present during the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11332387", "title": "Cremation conversion becomes a burning issue", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The Jajpur district administration's attempt of transforming the Baruni cremation ground into an electric one has landed it in a soup. Locals are up in arms against the administration demolishing a large number of memorial structures of important personalities at the crematorium for the renovation process.Tombstones of noted poet Krushna Prasad Basu, Gandhian leader Birupakhya Kar, noted sculptor Dhaneswar Moharana, educationist Baishnava Dutta and freedom fighter Guru Charana Nayak among others were set up on the 500-year-old crematorium on the banks of river Baitarani.\"The marble railing on the tomb of poet Krushnaprasad Basu has been broken. I was very pained to see this,\" said Sanjay Das, a retired teacher of Jajpur. \"We are shocked to see the shameful acts of the government that desecrated the cremation ground by damaging tombstones,\" said Dr Nrusingh Sahoo, a noted historian of Jajpur. \"Not realizing the significance of these tombs, the district administration illegally demolished the memorials. Those should be repaired immediately, else we will protest,\" he added.Jajpur district collector Anil Samal assured the damaged memorials will be repaired soon. \"We will build an electric crematorium, boundary wall and garden at the old cremation ground for which we dismantled some of the tombs. In view of resentment from locals, we will repair some damaged tombs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11331251", "title": "Hazare in city hospital, out of action with bronchitis", "text": "PUNE: Gandhian leader Anna Hazare, who has been in hospital since late Saturday, has been diagnosed with acute bronchitis and will remain under observation for a week depriving India Against Corruption of its mascot for the next few weeks.Hazare has been unwell since his fast in Mumbai which he had to call off on the second day due to ill health. Even ahead of the Mumbai protest, Hazare was strongly advised by the team of doctors who attended to him during his August fast in Delhi that he must not attempt prolonged fasting. He has now been advised to avoid fasting for at least a month.Team Anna said Hazare's indisposition was not expected to keep him hospital bound for long and that he would carry on with plans to go to states where polls have been announced and protest the government's failure to pass the Lokpal bill. But his health does raise a question over whether he will be able to lead the protests as electoral campaigning gets underway in the new year.Although Team Anna activists plan to stage protests, the absence of their chief mobiliser will offer a breather to the government that has been under intense pressure to act on the anti-corruption agenda set by Hazare. It can give the government some time to see if it can work around the objections raised by its ally Trinamool Congress over the Lokayukta provisions on the ground that they impinge on rights of states.Hazare will remain under observation for a week and the 74-year-old social activist has been advised to refrain from any kind of physical exertion, including fasting, for at least a month. \"An x-ray shows severe chest congestion. The bronchial tubes that carry air to the lungs are inflamed. It will take at least three to four days to get him out of it. Besides, the number of white blood cells (WBC) has gone up, which indicates lung infection,\" orthopaedic surgeon K H Sancheti told TOI on Sunday.\"The oxygen level in his blood is 98%, which is quite good. Though he initially required additional support of oxygen, which was removed late on Sunday afternoon,\" Sancheti said, ruling out the possibility of pneumonia as reported in a section of the press.All other parameters like blood pressure, blood glucose and cretinine levels are normal, Sancheti said. \"He is currently on antibiotics and is being administered nebulisation for relief from congestion and laboured breathing,\" he said.Hazare, who is a known patient of hypertension and joint pain, also suffers from brittle bones. \"A special test known as Dexa Scan will be carried out on him on Monday to determine whether he also suffers from osteoporosis , which is otherwise clinically quite evident. His blood test also showed lower levels of calcium and phosphorus which in a way substantiates the clinical diagnosis. However, the Dexa Scan will make the picture more clear,\" Sancheti said.The VIP suite on the second floor of the orthopedic hospital located off Pune-Mumbai highway where Anna is currently being treated also has a specially set up intensive care unit (ICU) so that if required all essential and life saving modalities remain at the bedside. A physician along with a medical staff member has been specially assigned the task of looking after Hazare's health.\"He is currently taking only fruits and fruit juices and had only a few spoons of home-cooked dal and rice brought by his close aides,\" Sancheti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11338646", "title": "Kerala varsity wanted Albert Einstein to be vice-chancellor", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Decades before India embarked on its quest for superpower status, the tiny princely state of Travancore aimed it high in higher education and even made an unsuccessful bid to enlist the services of great physicist Albert Einstein as vice-chancellor of its fledgling university for a monthly pay of Rs 6000.The Nobel prize winning scientist, considered as the founder of modern physics and who developed the theory of general relativity, politely declined the invitation saying he wanted to join Princeton University in America.The University, set up in 1937 as Travancore University, was renamed as University of Kerala later, and is planning year-long celebrations to mark its Platinum Jubilee this year.According to eminent historian,late Prof A Sreedhara Menon, who authored a comprehensive history of the university, seeking Einstein's service for the state was the idea of the then Diwan (Prime Minister) of Travancore Sir C P Ramaswamy Aiyar. Aiyar was a shrewd administrator and multi-faceted scholar who kept abreast of contemporary developments including those concerning modern science.Citing records of local people's council, Menon says Aiyar advised the reigning prince Chithira Tirunal Balarama Varma, the last Maharaja of Travancore, to invite Einstein to decorate the prestigious academic post.Aiyar thought that the prestige and status of the university would get elevated if a great scientist like Einstein agreed to head it. According to writer and historian M G Sashibhushan CP, as Aiyar was popularly known, had tried to bring not only Einstein but many famous personalities from various academic disciplines as faculty of the university.\"I have heard people saying of CP's public announcement about the proposal first at the Sree Chitra State Council. But as far as I know, unfortunately, the copy of the letter sent to Einstein is yet to be traced,\" Sashibhushan told PTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337191", "title": "Neha Dhupia's yoga plans", "text": "Actress Neha Dhupia starts 2012 at a more relaxed note. She has taken some time off and is headed to a yoga retreat in Karnataka.Neha will spend January practising yoga and other physical and spiritual disciplines at this retreat. She practises yoga every day for at least an hour. She has been practicing the Ashtang form for many years and finds it a way to tone her muscles, calm her spirit and obtain inner strength. A source close to the actress reveals. \"Neha is looking forward to cutting off from the outer world and rejuvenating her mind and body, especially after the release of her last film, so she can return to work with full energy and vigour.\" Neha says, \"I will fly off to the yoga retreat soon.This is my New Year gift. People gift each other electronic gadgets, but I wanted to gift myself a trip to the yoga retreat. It's been a hectic year with so much happening I needed some shut-eye. I keep my phone off when I am there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11331234", "title": "230 arrested for drunk driving on New Year\u2019s eve", "text": "PUNE: As many as 230 people were arrested and their licences seized by the police for drunk driving on New Year's eve, though no accidents were reported.The traffic branch prosecuted 209 people while the city police took action against 21 under section 185 of the Motor Vehicles Act. All the 230 people were released on bail after medical examination, the police said.According to a statement issued by deputy commissioner of police (traffic branch) Vishwas Pandhare on Sunday, action was taken against 980 people during the special drive against drunk driving, which was launched by the police on December 25.The police had arrested 204 people for drunk driving on New Year's eve in 2010.With the police's latest drive during the last week of December, the number of people caught driving under the influence liquor reached 3,168 in 2011.Inspector Vijaykumar Palsule of the traffic branch said a police team comprising Pandhare, three assistant commissioners of police, 16 officers, 39 assistant/sub-inspectors and 750 policemen had been formed to keep a watch on people indulging in drunk or rash driving at important points across the city.The police used 38 breath analysers to check drunk driving suspects in various parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11333945", "title": "Jama-ath yet to revoke expulsion order despite Wakf directive", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala Naduvathul Mujahideen (KNM) has urged the state government to take immediate steps to lift the excommunication order imposed by Beemapally Jama-ath against some individuals and families residing in the same area.Despite Kerala Wakf board's order nullifying the social ostracism imposed on a family since 2008, the Jama-ath is yet to revoke its orders, KNM alleged.Jama-ath had imposed isolation directives against M Jalaludheen and his family members on 28th April 2008 because his son married a girl despite opposition from the Jama-ath. The marriage took place as per Islamic tradition under police protection. KNM district secretary Sherief alleged that the social ostracism was imposed as Jalaludheen and his immediate relatives are KNM members.Following Jama-ath's order, members of the Jalaludheen family were denied permission to attend functions like marriage and funerals.They were denied entry to barber shops and were eventually forced to close their own shops in Beemapally.Disgusted over the social ostracism, the family and relatives approached Kerala Wakf board, KNM leaders said.The board in its order dated November 24, 2011 declared the ostracism imposed on Jalaludheen family as illegal and directed the Jama-ath to register the marriage of Jalaudheen's son Fazal and Meeran Khan's daughter Shameema. However, the Jama-ath is yet to honour the board's order.While terming the expulsion orders as arbitrary, unlawful, illegal and unsustainable, the Wakf board directed Jama-ath to give a compensation of Rs 20,000 each to petitioners for the loss of reputation, mental pain and sufferings due to violation of their customary rights.Jama-ath had imposed isolation directives against M Jalaludheen and his family members on 28th April 2008 because his son married a girl despite opposition from the Jama-ath. The marriage took place as per Islamic tradition under police protection.Following Jama-ath's order, members of the Jalaludheen family were denied permission to attend functions like marriage and funerals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332766", "title": "Steps to prevent fire on running trains", "text": "PATNA: Stung by the recent incident of fire in Howrah-Doon Express under the Dhanbad division of East Central Railway (ECR), the Railway Board has reviewed fire safety measures on running trains across the country and issued directives to all the zones to install firefighting or fire detection mechanism in all premier trains to ensure safety to passengers.According to a board official, railways has taken a decision to install highly-sophisticated VESDA fire and smoke detection system in each mail and express train, including Rajdhani Express, to ensure safety to passengers.On a trial basis, the railways has installed this system in the New Delhi-Bhubaneswar Rajdhani Express, he said. VESDA system is the most sensitive system capable of detecting smoke particles in the initial stage of sudden fire in any of the bogies of the running train. \"Railways has introduced it as a pilot project and much will depend on its successful trial,\" he said.An ECR official said railways is keen to introduce it in most long-distance mail and express trains in every zone. \"VESDA is so sensitive that it can sense carbon monoxide easily once a fire breaks out inside a bogie. Railways has already installed fire-retardant cables and a multi-tier electrical protection system in most of the railway bogies to prevent sudden fire caused due to electrical snags,\" he said.Railways has also installed fire barrier and thermic lock in vestibule doors of Linke Holfmann Busch (LHB) coaches, currently being used in Rajdhani Express and Shatabdi Express, with an aim to preventing or checking spread of fire, sources said.According to sources, railways intends to install VESDA system in all premier trains, including Rajdhani Express. Depending on its result, railways would introduce it in all other mail and express trains, particularly in AC bogies, adding railways would keep a tab on its performance for about six months from now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337768", "title": "Subhrajit's an optimist", "text": "Subhrajit Mitra's Aagunpakhi (The Phoenix ) will finally see tyhe light of day. It will be screened at the Purulia International Film Festival.Says the director, \"\"It is a topical story of our troubled times, the film has made an attempt to explore the nuances of age old human struggle for justice. Written &amp; directed by me, Aagunpakhi (The Phoenix) is a film that raises many a question that remains unanswered in today's society and system. The film has an ensemble star cast of Rituparna Sengupta , Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Shrreya Pande, Rajesh Sharma, Shantilal Mukherjee, Kharaj Mukherjee, Sagnik, Anindya &amp; Ankita. Rana Dasgupta, ace cinematographer has captured the vivid landscapes and emotions through his lens, Debkanta Chakrabarty, a veteran and noted Film Editor from FTII has edited the Aagunpakhi (The Phoenix) and the art direction is by Goutam Basu.The music is composed by ace music director Kalyan Sen Barat and Lopamudra Mitra has rendered Tagore's \"\"Ebar tor mora gaang-e baan esechhe, joy maa bole bhasha tori\"\" in her soulful voice.\"\" Ask him if his film being screened at the Jangalmahol section will create further contriversies and he says, \"\"I'm an eternal optimist, otherwise I wouldn't have come to making films, when I've the option to settle abroad with my IT career. and I was fully aware of the fact that my journey would be greeted by thorns rather than petals. The festival screener DVD will be publicly exhibited during the festival. The characters of the film were from that very area and it depicts their struggle, I feel honored and humbled by these very facts.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331657", "title": "Pre-board examinations play party pooper on December 31", "text": "MUMBAI: While the city was getting over its New Year's Eve hangover on Sunday morning, some students had their own way of breaking away from the party mode. The thought of preparing for an examination after vacations forced many to get back to their books.\"We have arranged for pre-board exams for Std XII students from January 6. Others don't have to worry for the time-being,\" said Rakesh Joshi, principal, Apeejay School, Nerul. He said some class XI and XII students are attending regular classes in the vacations for subjects like physics and chemistry. \"A group of 10-15 students is attending the classes. These sessions are for those who have doubts in these subjects,\" he added.Since DAV Public School, Kharghar, along with other DAVs was shut for a few days in December, the school postponed exams for some batches to January. \"We couldn't postpone the exams to December-end as parents had made holiday plans, so we decided to hold them for three subjects for Std V to Xon January 3, 4 and 5,\" said principal Seema Maindiratta.Since implementation of continuous comprehensive evaluation for Std I to VIII, schools have pardoned lower classes of unit tests. However, students of Std IX, X and XII have to prepare for exams. \"We will hold class X and XII preliminary exams from January 10. Lower classes have formative assessments.They don't have exams as such,\" said Carl Laurie, principal, Christ Church School, Mazagaon. Simran Arora (16), however, decided not to let exams come in the way of New Year celebrations. \"This is my time for relaxation. I travelled with parents and partied with friends. Now I will focus my attention on studies,\" said the class X student of Gundecha Academy, Kandivli, where preliminary exams will start on January 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11333037", "title": "'Many more may go to jail in 2G scam'", "text": "KANPUR: BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi , who led the public accounts committee (PAC) over investigation in 2G spectrum scam, said that apart from former telecom minister A Raja, many more, including home minister P Chidambaram are in queue and no one can stop them from going to jail.Joshi, who was in the city on Sunday to attend a programme organised by Chanakya Jan Swabhiman Manch, said that he cannot give details regarding the report but there are names of many big fishes in the report and they would certainly go to jail in days to come.Talking to newspersons, Joshi said that Congress never wanted Lokpal bill to be passed by Parliament. \"Whole nation has witnessed as the government's intention was not right since the beginning and Congress did not want the Lokpal bill to be passed,\" he said.The manner in which RJD member Rajniti Prasad snatched the copy of the bill from Union minister V Narayanasamy and tore it and there was no resistance only exposed that the entire thing was stage managed, he said.Joshi said the government's allegation that Bharatiya Janata Party is responsible for stalling the passage of the bill was only an attempt to hide differences with its coalition partners. \"It was UPA's companions, who left the ground. I don't know with what face Congress would go in public,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11331012", "title": "Stir for more relief to Mopa oustees gains momentum", "text": "MAPUSA: An agitation demanding better compensation to those losing land for the Mopa airport project is gaining momentum with people in the neighbouring villages joining in.Mopa villagers, under the banner of Mopa Shetkari Saghatana and under the leadership of Rupesh Parab, are convening meetings in the surrounding villages to fight for more compensation. This is for the first time that farmers from all the affected villages are coming together to unitedly fight for enhanced compensation.Mopa villagers are agitated as they are not being paid edequate compensation. Villagers under the leadership of Rupesh Parab and former Mopa sarpanch Balkrishna Parab have so far met the affected farmers from the villages of Ugvem, Varkhand, Chandel and Kasarvarne urging them to fight the injustice meted out to them. The affected farmers from these villages have decided to come together to unitedly fight with the government for better compensation.\"Not only affected farmers, but all other villagers will come out and fight for our rights. We are united now and will not keep quite until our demands are met,\" said Suresh Parab a Varkhand villager. \"We should be adequately compensated for our precious landor we will boycott the upcoming assembly elections,\" said Vikas Mahale from Ugvem. Chairman of the law commission Ramakant Khalap, who has extended his support to the farmers, has opined that compensation should be at least 150 per sq m.\"The government first decided to offer 5-6 per sq m but later facing an agitation it was increased to Rs 30. However, there are no valid grounds to decide on such compensation rates,\" Khalap said. \"Compensation should be at least 150 per sq m and the affected farmers should be rehabilitated and provided with jobs at the airport,\" he said.Farmers believe that their lands have been unfairly acquired paying meagre compensation of 20 and 38 per sq m and have warned of a bigger agitation if the government doesn't come out with a solution at the earliest. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "11330962", "title": "Parking of two-wheelers irks tourists at Arambol", "text": "MANDREM: Tourists visiting the Arambol beach have complained that they were being inconvenienced by a number of two-wheelers parked on a no-parking area along the road leading to the beach.Tourists expressed displeasure that concerned authorities have so far failed to take necessary action in the matter.Albert Richardson, an English national who is a regular visitor to the Arambol beach, told TOI that vehicles parked along the road are causing great inconvenience to the visitors proceeding towards the beach.\"It is difficult to move towards the beach as the two wheelers parked along the narrow road are a bigger hindrance than the lamanis loitering on the beach,'' Richardson said.Suchana Gadekar, sarpanch of Arambol panchayat, told TOI that the panchayat has resolved to take necessary action in the matter. A traffic official in Mapusa confirmed that so far no complaint has been filed in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332232", "title": "EDI student's health is wealth formula", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A student of Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI) is ready to extend a helping hand to diabetes patients the natural way. He is in the process of setting up cottage industries for diabetic medicine.Deepak Patel, a student of Postgraduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) in business entrepreneurship at EDI, is gearing up to start his own venture of selling ash gourd juice. The 23-year-old student's idea is to bottle the juice and make it available in stores so that the juice is conveniently available for diabetics.\"Ash gourd is a traditionally known medicine that maintains the sugar level of diabetic patients. I have tested the medicinal properties of the juice in scientific laboratories too,\" said Patel.He took the opportunity of his two-month long internship at the Central Food Technological Research Institute (CFTRI) at Mysore to test the medicinal properties of ash gourd juice. \"My plan is to link up with lower income families in the city who are interested in setting up small plants for extracting and bottling the juice in their homes. These mechanical setups can cost as low as Rs 30,000 each. My role will be to train them in processing ash gourd juice, and also in collecting their products and marketing them,\" said Patel.Talking about his plans to set up the business in Ahmedabad, Patel, who belongs to Delhi said, \"Opportunities for entrepreneurship abound in Gujarat because of the policies here and the entrepreneurial spirit among the people here.\"Patel estimates that he will be able to sell a bottle containing 200 milliliters of ash gourd juice at a rate of Rs 15 each. \"We will not be using any preservatives other than salt in the product. The bottled product, however, can be stored without getting spoilt for 20 days,\" said Patel. \"Diabetic patients can store the products at their homes and consume the juice at their convenience,\" he further explained. \"All plans are in place. I am just waiting for the completion of my course in March 2012.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11333571", "title": "Rituals are the talk of the town", "text": "MANGALORE: Outliving one's life partner and leading the life of a widow/ widower is perhaps the last thought that would cross the minds of either of the spouse.Acknowledging this eventuality taking place at some point in their married lives, over 2,500 married women took a solemn pledge at Sri Kshetra Gokarnanatha on New Year's Day that they would not shed any of the symbols of their marriage if confronted by such a situation.Responding to a call given by the management of the temple under the leadership of veteran Congress leader B Janardhan Poojary, sumangalis (married women) took off from where Poojary's wife Malathi Poojary and four others had taken a similar vow at the Kshetra on October 26. This initiative came on the heels of Poojary's similar initiative for widows by making them take a vow that they would not lead life of social recluses or get bogged down by 'widow traditions'.Temple committee president H S Sairam, whose wife took a similar vow with Malathi, told TOI that it is perhaps a sentimental decision for most women to take. However, all of them are taking this vow on their own and the temple, under Poojary's leadership, is only facilitating them become part of a social revolution, he added. Vice-president Raghavendra Kuloor said it is strange custom that a widow cannot attend her children's marriage.Admitting that she had to overcome resistance from family elders despite support from her husband, Prema Panjimogaru, a homemaker, said: \"Elders were opposed to my participation in this event, as family traditions do not allow for such a vow. It is only after some convincing that they agreed,\" Prema said. Shaila Puthran from Konaje said her husband supported her decision to take the vow.'Sumangalis' took part in a special Chandika Homa and also pulled the silver chariot on the precincts of the temple after taking the vow.The event also marked the start of centenary celebrations of Sri Kshetra. Poojary symbolically distributed saree, flowers, glass bangles, blouse piece, kumkum box, and Re 1 coin to 11 married women. Five separate counters were set up for others to receive these items from temple volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11332407", "title": "New Year revelry leaves eight dead", "text": "HYDERABAD: New Year revelry claimed eight lives, including three students, while scores of youngsters are recuperating at various hospitals across the city after suffering injuries in road accidents on Saturday night.Emergency service '108' was flooded with calls throughout the night and almost all 54 ambulances were pressed into service to attend to victims. Despite several measures, including the drive against drunken driving, most victims were found to be driving under the influence of alcohol.In the first case, five friends, who went on an adventure trip by travelling on a motorcycle, ended up hitting the Begumpet airport compound wall near Tadbun. At around 5 am, five persons__Suresh, Shiva, Sai Manikanta, Bharat and Srikanth, all aged between 18 and 22 and from Chintal, were moving on a bike from Tadbun to Bowenpally.At a sharp curve, Srinkant, who was driving the bike at high speed, could not negotiate it since one of his friends was sitting on the fuel tank. He lost control over the vehicle and rammed it into the airport compound wall. They all fell into a drain pit.\"Suresh, Shiva, Srikanth and Bharath died on the spot, while Sai Manikanta is undergoing treatment,\" Bowenpally sub-inspector D Narasimham told TOI.Suresh and Srikanth were Intermediate students, while the others were doing private jobs. In another incident, two cars had a head-on collision on the Turkapally main road, resulting in the death of three persons. At around 12.30 am, four persons__ Chandra Sekhar,32, Sanjeev, 29, Thameem, 30, and Praveen__were heading towards Turkapally in an Accent car to join their friends.After reaching CVR Engineering College, Turkapally, a Swift car moving in the opposite direction hit the Accent at high speed. Chandra Sekhar, Sanjeev died on the spot, while Thameem succumbed on the way to hospital. Praveen was shifted to Gandhi Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338581", "title": "Double century for Siddharth Tewary's Navya", "text": "Navya which started on the premise of relationship between grown up children and their parents highlighting the values and bond sensitively, today has a good emotional connect with audience.It is one of the most simple love stories told well which has made Anant and Navya household names played by Shaheer Sheikh and Soumya Seth.Producer Siddharth Kumar Tewary says, \"\"It has been nice journey with Navya. The feedback has been excellent. The show has touched chord with the audience and lot of people have come forward and told that the story is very relatable. The show has completed 200 episodes and in coming weeks there will be good surprises for audience\".Anant Navya will unite eventually and get married probably in 2012 January and that will be turning point in the show and story will move forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11336340", "title": "No outside control should be imposed over media: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ruling out any outside regulation of the media, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said the media in the country can itself take care of the 'ills' like paid news and urged it to reduce sensationalism in coverage.\"I am very happy that the media of our country is by and large independent and alive...Ever since we have got independence, discussions have been going on in the country about the role of the media and the manner in which it functions.\"In my opinion, there is a general consensus in our country that no outside control should be imposed over the media. But I am also of the view that the representatives of media should among themselves find a way by which objectivity and impartiality gets encouragement and sensationalism is reduced,\" the Prime Minister said.He was speaking at a function here in which he released a book and a postage stamp issued in the memory of late Puran Chandra Gupta, the founder of Hindi daily Dainik Jagaran. Gupta had also served as Chairman of Press Trust of India for two years.Noting that it is good for the country's democracy that the reach of both electronic and print media have increased substantially due to new technology, Singh hoped Indian media will be successful in checking ills like paid news.\"I am confident that Indian media will itself take steps to wipe out the ills like paid news and will also be successful in it. You should also pay attention on how to increase the coverage of those issues, which are really important for our country,\" the Prime Minister said.Lauding Gupta for encouraging independent and fearless reporting throughout his life, Singh said such journalism is quite necessary for any democracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332686", "title": "New Year: Weather plays spoilsport, dampens spirit", "text": "PATNA: New Year began here on Sunday on a note of irritation, annoyance and impatience for prospective revellers as cloudy weather and intermittent rain kept most of them indoors throughout the day.\"The year has started on a most irritating note. More than December 31 night, people here celebrate January 1. It is all spoiled,\" said Anurag Choubey, professor at a city B-school.City's most frequented picnic spot - Patna Zoo - wore a near deserted look. Last year, on New Year day, around 36,000 locals had visited it, but this time only a few thousand visitors thronged the zoo. Kundan Rajak, manager in a private firm, lamented that his family's celebration plan was shattered. \"Children do not want to go out of home. Who will go to zoo in such a condition?\" said Rajak.Kidwaipuri Park, Shivaji Park and Manju Devi Park in Kankarbagh, Rajdhani Vatika Smriti Park near Secretariat, Hardinge Park, Kumhrar Park and various other parks in the city also had a thin crowd.However, a section of youngsters and middle-aged persons were undaunted by the inclement weather. \"New Year is too important an occasion to be spoiled by weather conditions. We have come from Masaurhi with family and friends,\" said a government staffer, Imbesat Ali, at the zoo.The meteorological condition came as a loss for Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC)-run outing services in Ganga diara and at Gandhi Ghat. \"We had declined as many booking requests as we had accepted,\" said Navin Kumar, a senior BSTDC official. But only around 2000 locals were seen at Ganga diara and at Gandhi Ghat on Sunday, against over 10,000 revellers who had thronged them on Saturday. The authorities were expecting the numbers to increase even further on Sunday.Over 20% people booked to celebrate on the floating restaurant, at Gandhi Ghat restaurant and in Ganga diara have extended their bookings, said a BSTDC official.But not all people were downcast. \"So what if the weather has played spoilsport. We will organize party when it is ok,\" said Kumar Abhinav, a NIT-Patna guy.A large number of people were in a devotional mood on this occasion. They prayed at temples so that all goes well in 2012. Large crowds were particularly witnessed outside Mahavir Mandir, Bari Patandevi and Chhoti Patandevi.However, there is some bad news in store for Patnaites. Patna Met office director Animesh Chanda told TOI on Sunday that inclement weather condition may continue on Monday. \"The onslaught of cyclonic storm 'Thane' in Tamil Nadu has played spoilsport on the New Year. Sudden clouds have enveloped sky in Andhra Pradesh, MP, UP, Bihar and Jharkhand. This condition will prevail till Monday. It will dissipate later on Tuesday,\" Chanda added.The weathermen say that once clouds clear, which is likely from Tuesday, temperature may fall below normal. \"It is difficult to precisely predict dip in temperature. But biting chill may return,\" Chanda told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11333846", "title": "Waterlogging, potholed roads greet Lucknowites", "text": "LUCKNOW: Continuous rains on the first day of 2012 forced citizens to stay indoors. And as the day progressed, problems of waterlogging, pot-holed and slushy roads and dysfunctional street lights came to the fore. Gopal Narain, a resident of Rajajipuram said, \"The road outside our house or perhaps the entire locality is in pathetic condition. There is no way to get out of the house,\" and added that residents were forced to wade through the filthy water.Mawaiyya, the permanent patch of trouble during rains gave tough time to commuters. The knee-deep waters led to starting problems in a number of vehicles. People who are rather aware of this peril took alternative routes. \"It's a terrible experience to get stuck in Mawaiyya. So, I took the longer but better route to reach Hazratganj,\" said Ashok Kumar who lives in Chandernagar. Pradeep Kumar who works at the Charbagh railway station lamented that there was heavy waterlogging on Charbagh lanes. \"One could not understand which way to go. The encroachment of drains with no outlet for water was also visible,\" said Pradeep.The anger against the Lucknow Municipal Corporation could be seen on their faces. Mahesh Mehrotra who had to visit his relatives at Rana Pratap Marg lamented that the digging work near NBRI and at other places was even more troublesome. \"Even after the rain stopped, there was a jam due to the digging work. The rains added to the dirt and filth,\" he said. Waterlogging in areas around Kaiserbagh particularly in the vicinity of the Press Club also made it difficult for the commuters. Vineeta Mishra, a housewife said, \"Waterlogging is a result of improper drainage system. On a normal day, when there is no rain, sewer overflows, hence making the area dirty.\" Scenario in Mahanagar area was equally bad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11339038", "title": "Troikala concert in Delhi on January 5", "text": "Renowned percussionist Bickram Ghosh, Assamese folk/indie singer Papon and Scottish singer-songwriter Rachel Sermanni - three musicians from three diverse backgrounds will come together for 'Troikala', an event through which they search for musical synergy.Curated and organized by the British Council in association with Folktronic, 'Troikala' will see the three work together till May 2012 to produce an album and a concert tour in India and the UK to showcase their collaborative efforts. Rachel Sermanni and Papon will collaborate on a joint album and concert project with Bickram, whose own music is influenced by folk rhythms from India and across the world. \"This concept allows us to explore our talent to create a unique sound. Rachel Sermanni and Papon are great artists and when the three of us get together, we plan to introduce interesting musical concepts by merging each of our unique perspectives, which will come together as one awesome sound in the end,\" Bickram Ghosh has been quoted as saying in a statement.There will also be a Troikala concert in Delhi on January 5 at the British Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11331978", "title": "Tough week ahead for corpn in garbage clearing", "text": "CHENNAI: By this time next week, a new conservancy agency - Ramky Enviro Limited - would have begun operations in the Teynampet zone. While it will cover the Kodambakkam zone from January 18 onwards, the Adyar zone will be handled from January 30 onwards.\"After discussions with corporation officials, it has been decided to begin conservancy operations in the city from January 9, in Teynampet zone,\" Ram Mohan Rao, national head of Ramky Enviro (Municipal Solid Waste Management), told TOI over phone from Hyderabad.But the challenge for the Chennai Corporation is to maintain conservancy in these zones till Ramky Enviro begins full-fledged operations in all three zones.With the civic body's contract with the previous firm, Neel Metal Fanalca, having expired on December 31 itself, the Corporation has to handle the entire city with available resources. That it is short of at least 6,000 conservancy workers at present has only complicated the issue further.Corporation commissioner P W C Davidar said there would not be any garbage pile-ups in these zones during the interregnum period. \"Corporation's conservancy workers are already engaged in the operations in the three zones, these workers will continue to work in these zones till the last week of January,\" he adds.Ram Mohan Rao said, \"The micro-plan was submitted to the civic body about our future operations. Fifty per cent of garbage bins have already reached the city. Recruitment of ground level staff is almost completed, and the process of the selection of the supervisory staff is in progress\" he said. Last week's cyclone had delayed the process a little, he said.The previous corporation commissioner, D Karthikeyan, had gone on record stating that the civic body would not refund 2 crore deposit collected from the Neel Metal Fanalca, due to its unsatisfactory performance.Asked about the fate of the deposit, the present commissioner Davidar said the corporation had to suffer expenses as it had to operate in the three zones under the care of Neel Metal Fanalca. \"We will be constrained to deduct whatever expenses we had incurred from the deposit amount,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332272", "title": "Modi to felicitate Mansarovar pilgrims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi will felicitate devotees from Gujarat who have undertaken the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra during the past three years. Officials in the Gujarat Pavitra Yatradham Vikas Board (GPYVB) said that the CMO has given a nod for a felicitation function to be held on January 18, 2012. Cheques will be distributed to those yatris who have not received subsidy from the state government in the last three years.\"Yatris would be felicitated and receive subsidy cheques from Modi on January 18. 400 yatris who undertook the pilgrimage during the past three years would receive the subsidy at the function to be held at Tagore Hall,\" Mahendra Trivedi, chairman GPYVB said. Officials said that invitation letters informing the yatris about this programme would be sent out soon.TOI had recently reported that yatris who had undertook the pilgrimage during the past three years were irked that the state government has not released the subsidy meant for them. The government gives each yatri Rs 23,000 to cover a part of the Rs 1 lakh expense but has not released the money since 2009.The GPYVB officials said that since Modi usually doles out the cheques during felicitation programmes held for the yatris, they had forwarded the file seeking a date from the CM but no date was granted.Gujarat sends maximum yatris to Mansarovar, one of the most revered and challenging pilgrimages in the country. Gujarat was also the first state in the country to start the scheme in 1998, offering Rs 20,000 in cash and a pilgrimage kit worth Rs 3,000 to the yatris. Delhi, Karnataka, MP, Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh have also started giving subsidy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331969", "title": "Police booths will come up again in city to check crime", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two-and-a-half years after the former police commissioner, Y S Dadwal, got all the city's police booths pulled down, Delhi Police is again going to build booths for its force. Before they were razed, the city had about 100 police booths. The rank and file, especially the beat officers and those on field duty, welcomed the move as the booths would shelter them from the rain and shut out the cold. They are also a safe place to deposit one's belongings, such as spare uniform, tiffin boxes, when one is out on duty on a regular basis.Apart from building concrete booths, the department is also in the process of re-establishing police chowkis (police posts). A senior police officer said, \"The booths are useful in extreme weather conditions and chowkis will serve as a deterrent to criminals.\"Concrete police booths were razed from all markets, main roads, VIP areas and important intersections in June 2009 due to repeated instances of bodies being found inside the booths, beggars and drug addicts making them temporary shelters as well as people coating their walls with advertisements. Only a few wooden booths, meant for the traffic police, were spared for regular operations.Dadwal also felt that \"these concrete booths were clandestinely built by a few people, including market associations, resident welfare associations and SHOs, for their own comfort and were used by cops for taking bribes.\" Further, the booths had not been authorized by civic bodies.Delhi Police officers say they will now try and get authorization from Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) and New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) for these booths. \"The project is in the planning stage right now. Work is likely to begin next year,\" said an officer.The department believes that even when unmanned, the booths work as a deterrent for criminals, especially at borders and pickets. A constable said, \"Where do we go when the weather is harsh? It's good that booths are being rebuilt. For the past two-and-a-half years, we have had to perform our duty standing on the road.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331946", "title": "Park Street begins New Year with office building blaze", "text": "KOLKATA: The New Year's Day celebratory mood turned into panic as fire engines screamed into Park Street shortly after noon on Sunday following a fire at the 10-storeyed Apeejay House. With horrors of last month's fire at AMRI Hospitals and that at Stephen Court a year-and-a-half ago fresh in mind, revellers feared the worst.Fortunately, the building that houses the headquarters of the century-old Apeejay Group and scores of other corporate offices was empty. The building was also better equipped to fight a fire. The fire brigade, on a razor's edge since the AMRI tragedy, arrived within 10 minutes and the blaze was controlled in less than half an hour. It took another hour to douse the flames completely. Three persons - a private security guard and two firemen - suffered minor injuries.However, it was a busy first day of the year for the firemen. Barely had they finished battling the blaze at Apeejay House that another fire broke out at a garment showroom at Sealdah. Eight fire tenders took nearly two hours to arrest the flames. Nobody was injured here.At Park Street, where hundreds had already turned up for New Year's lunch, the festive spirit dampened as police cordoned off the road around 12.15 pm. The fire brigade headquarters received at least 200 panic calls from people who were in the different restaurants and their anxious relatives back home. Many cut short their plans and returned home.It was around noon that a security staff of Kotak Mahindra Bank spotted smoke billowing out of the server room on the seventh floor of Apeejay House. He alerted Amit Saha, the security staff posted at the adjoining office of ICICI Lombard General Insurance.Saha called the building's security who alerted the fire officers posted there and called the fire brigade. Ten fire tenders arrived within 10 minutes with a skylift. By then, flames were leaping out of a seventh floor window in Block C and had moved to the floor above.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11332012", "title": "Perungalathur railway station in makeover mode", "text": "CHENNAI: The railway station in Perungalathur, some 30km from Chennai, is set to get a facelift. Southern Railway has begun renovation and expansion works, including extension of platforms.The existing platforms will be extended to accommodate 12-car trains. \"These platforms were laid during the British era when most trains had nine compartments. Currently, over 10,000 commuters use the station daily, an official said. The extension of the platforms will help residents from Perungalathur and adjoining Peerkankaranai have easy access to the station.At present, the two platforms can accommodate only trains with nine compartments. All 84 suburban trains halting at Perungalathur have 12 compartments and commuters at Perungalathur refuse to board the last three compartments of 12-car trains and jam themselves in the remaining coaches, risking their lives.Of the 17 stations on the 45-km Guindy-Chengalpet section, Perungalathur is the only one with platforms that can accommodate only trains with nine compartments. \"During rush hour, commuters push each other to get in or get off trains. Extending the platforms and building subways and flyovers to cross the station are welcome steps,\" said K Murali of Perugalathur.Loss of lives between Tambaram and Vandalur, especially on the track in Perungalathur, is a big concern because, railway police sources said, on an average, at least five people are killed on the track each month in Perungalathur alone. Besides, a new rail line will be laid exclusively for express trains.At present, the suburban service between Tambaram and Chengalpet is limited and suburban trains have to wait at yards at the Tambaram station to allow express trains to use the limited tracks available in Perungalathur. Commuters at many stations, including Perungalathur, are put to hardships because of this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337927", "title": "Ajay Devgan's a big prankster: Arjan Bajwa", "text": "When a senior actor offers you some food delicacy on the sets of a film, it's natural to be unsuspecting and accept it happily.But little did actor Arjan Bajwa know that Ajay Devgan was just playing a prank on him. Bajwa, who recently worked with Sonakshi Sinha , Ajay Devgan and Sanjay Dutt in Son of A Sardar, shares, \"It was a whole lot of fun on the sets, and Ajay sir would keep cracking jokes. But I had no idea that he is a master at playing pranks too. One day, he came on the sets and offered us gajar ka halwa, saying that it was one of the best that he had tasted in his life. We were only too happy to have it, only to realize later that it was crushed red chilli powder. The paste actually looked so much like gajar ka halwa. We had a tough time after eating it. But all of it was done in very good humour.\"The actor, who has made his mark with strong performances in films like Guru and Fashion, says that getting fitter is his goal for 2012, \"I work out regularly and happen to have a black belt in taekwondo. I am training harder than ever before and my new year resolution is to be in the best shape of my life by 2012.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11330792", "title": "Hubby held after wife's death", "text": "NAGPUR: Yashodhara Nagar police have arrested a 40-year-old man after his wife succumbed to burn injuries at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital on Friday morning. Dhanraj Parate was earlier booked for allegedly setting wife Chetna, 30, on fire and but was later charged with murder.Police said Chetna was rushed to IGGMCH with serious burn injuries on Thursday evening after Dhanraj set her on fire following a quarrel at their Kanji House Chowk residence. Dhanraj, a weaver by profession, used to doubt his wife's character. There were regular fights between the couple with a seven-year-old son.Dhanraj doused Chetna with kerosene before flicking a matchstick at her. The couple's son was at home when the incident took place. Police said that Dhanraj was under the influence of liquor. In her statement, Chetna told the police about husband's role in setting her on fire. The police, on the basis of her statement and doctor's opinion, registered an offence against Dhanraj.Girl sets self on fireA teenager set herself ablaze at her residence at Mhada Colony in Ajri Majri locality on Friday. Rukhsana Sayyed Ali was rushed to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital after she sustained serious burn injuries where she succumbed. She had locked herself in the toilet before setting herself on fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332602", "title": "Contractual doctors not paid salary for last six months", "text": "PATNA: Medical officers appointed on contractual basis by the health department to serve at Primary Health Centres (PHCs) of the state have not been paid their salaries for the last six months which has disrupted their family set-ups putting an immense burden on them.The state has around 534 PHCs, the state government took the policy decision to appoint doctors on contractual basis to properly run the health care system at the lowest level of the state's administrative set up -- that is, community development block. The health department, in turn, took to appointing doctors on contractual basis to man various PHCs with experts in their respective fields, and the process is still on to cover all the PHCs and health centres.Health department secretary Sanjay Kumar , who is also executive director of the State Health Society (SHS), said that the non-payment of regular salary to these doctors was not a general matter afflicting the health care system. \"Not all districts have this problem. The problem varies from district to district. If the case of any particular district is brought to our notice, it would be immediately looked into for rectification.\"According to him, the salary payment to doctors appointed on contractual basis is made through the 'treasury route'. As the practice is, the state government releases the money, and it is made available to this category of doctors through the treasury route, Kumar said, adding: \"If the case of any district is put before us, we will certainly get it inquired for the timely resolution of the problem.\"Incidentally, the non-payment of regular salary to the doctors on contractual basis in the districts concerned is seemingly having an adverse impact on their own mental make-up and strength to effectively deliver the services that is desired of them at the places of their posting. These doctors, like other regularly appointed doctors in the same capacity, are called 'medical officers' (MOs) in official parlance.Given the actual situation facing them, MO from Dighwara in Saran district Dr Abhishek Kumar Sinha submitted a memorandum to health department principal secretary Amarjeet Sinha at the state headquarters on December 29, requesting him to \"take action, and give direction to the officers concerned\" at the district level -- or respective civil surgeons --\"to pay salary and total arrear dues\" to the MOs appointed on contractual basis.Dr Sinha has also requested the health department principal secretary to \"regularize the salary payment\" of the MOs, so that they got the salary every month. A copy of the memorandum was also addressed to Kumar.Added the memorandum, \"We are providing regular service at our centres honestly, but our salaries are not being paid regularly, month to month, and we are hand to mouth, and the education of children is being destroyed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11331464", "title": "RGPV to start vocational skills development project", "text": "BHOPAL: The Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalaya (RGPV) will start a National Vocational Qualification Framework (NVQF) in association with two other reputed universities. This will help in improving the skills of students along with their regular academic session.Interestingly, RGPV had recently launched its unique service of training and placement facility for students through its web portal. RGPV has become the first technical university in the country to have such an exclusive facility for NVQF is another ambitious project of RGPV to be implemented in 2012.RGPV's vice-chancellor Prof Piyush Trivedi said \"This is a pilot project. RGPV along with Mumbai University and Mahamaya University will start the NVQF from the next financial year,\" He claimed it will help students in enhancing their skills during their running academic sessions.NVQF will be based on nationally recognized occupational standards which details listing of all major activities that a worker must perform in the occupation or competency standards. \"It is a detailed listing of the knowledge, skills and attitude that a worker should possess to perform a task written by the particular employment-led sector skills council,\" Trivedi added.The human resources and development ministry had initiated the process for the preparation of a National Vocational Education Qualification Framework. The All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE) is helping in developing the framework with regard to the automobile sector and the second one with regard to the IT and Telecom Industry.The NVQF will have features which include competency based qualifications and certification on the basis of nationally agreed standards and criteria, certification for learning achievement and qualification, the avoidance of duplication and overlapping of qualifications while assuring the inclusion of all training needs and others.NVQF will be based on nationally recognized occupational standards which details listing of all major activities that a worker must perform in the occupation or competency standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11333830", "title": "Man arrested for raping minor girl", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: A 45-year-old man was arrested by the Kanakakunnu police on Friday for allegedly raping the daughter of his domestic help.Kayamkulam deputy superintendent of police S Devamanohar said Chandramohan of Muthukulam North, Haripad, had been arrested for raping the 14-year-old daughter of his domestic help, who is his neighbour. The victim is a school dropout. Chandramohan is a clerk with a private gas agency at Cheppad. The accused will be produced before the Haripad judicial first class magistrate on Saturday morning.\"We have arrested him as per the complaint lodged by the mother of the girl on Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331322", "title": "Busy students outsource homework", "text": "MUMBAI: While parents struggle to pay annual school fees between Rs 12,000 and 18,000, a south Mumbai family outsourced a single Std X project for Rs 26,000.The cost of outsourcing projects has skyrocketed over the years. Regular project work is now compelling parents to send their children for tutorials, giving rise to a new cottage industry.Meenakshi Chirawawala, a professional who compiles school projects, charged a student Rs 26,000 for an assignment recently. \"The student was one of the top scorers in his class and wanted to secure high marks in the assignment. His mother, a resident of Altamount Road, just asked me to spruce up the task. I not only researched into the topics given to students, but also included a lot of craftwork.\" she said.The task of embellishing the project work involves making it more colourful; the use of various types of inks and papers increases its cost, say experts. Moreover, parents demand that the professionals make the \"best project\". Atit Shah, an engineering student who coaches students in preparing projects, said, \"I charge Rs 5,000 a month for nearly 10 sessions. Students have to complete projects in every subject, therefore, parents are seeking professional help to train them. We guide students in compiling matter and different forms of presentation.\"Shah's services as a \"project assistant\" are listed in business directories. With all the education boards earmarking 20 marks in each subject for internal projects, the demand for good project work guides has gone up. \"Currently, students have to secure a minimum score of 90% to get admission into any of the top-rung city colleges. Students in Std X also unable to meet the submission deadlines with more emphasis on studies. Parents want their wards to bag top scores and leave no stone unturned,\" Chirawawala added. For a parent of a Std X boy, the amount spent on projects has become an integral part of their monthly budget. A parent of a child who studies in an ICSE school in central Mumbai said, \"The project work is spread across the academic year. We end up spending between Rs 7,000 and Rs 15,000 per month. Students do not have the time to work on these projects ahead of the board exam. We treat the money spent on outsourcing project work as tuition expenses.\"The project work involves research and then summarizing the findings. Once the guide has finished the assignment, students have to merely write it in their handwriting. One school directed students to visit nationalized, private and foreign banks and then asked them to compare the fixed deposit interest rates. The guides ensured that different projects are compiled on the topic for submission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11333022", "title": "Case registered under SC/ST Act", "text": "KANPUR: The Sajeti police have registered a case of rape under SC/ST Act and threat to life on the intervention of police officials after seven days.In an incident that was reported to the Sajeti police on December 26,The victim was dragged to a sugarcane field belonging to one Raj Vishambhar in Barimhatan village and raped by Kamlesh Dikshit, son of Brij Bhushan of the same village. The victim and her husband approached the Sajeti police but the cops did not register a case. They approached senior police officials, who initiated investigations and a a case had been registered under Sections 376 of IPC and 3 (1) 12 SC/ST Act.Case registered: The police have registered a case under Sections 302/201 in connection with the recovery of an unidentified body of woman from the bushes near Massacre Ghat in Cantt on November 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11333708", "title": "ZP gets ready for \u2018Maintenance Week\u2019", "text": "BELGAUM: Belgaum zilla panchayat will observe 'Maintenance Week' from Monday in the district. During the week, water sources will be rejuvenated by taking up repair and cleaning works. Repair of defunct handpumps and electric pumpsets, cleaning of overhead tanks and government wells will be taken up.Zill Panchayat CEO M N Ajay Nagabhushan, the brainchild behind this project, said: \"Around 3,000 borewells across the district are either defunct or not giving water for the past three years. Pumpsets were repaired by concerned gram panchayats though they received maintenance cost. There is a need to repair the pumpsets ahead of summer. Hence, the Maintenance Week has been started.''Nagabhushan said the maintenance works require more than Rs 40,000-Rs 50,000 which would be included in the action plan of April.Taluk wise nodal officers have already been appointed to look into the works. ZP staff, executive engineers, section officers, work inspectors, assistant engineers, junior engineers and local project development officials will be engaged in this campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330668", "title": "Chain snatcher nabbed", "text": "PUNE: The Cantonment police on Sunday arrested Zakir Fakiruddin Bagsiraj (21) of Kondhwa and booked two others for allegedly snatching a gold chain from government official Hemant Kapse (27), a resident of Bhugaon, while he was having ice cream on M G road on the New Year's Eve.Assistant inspector Sunil Korde said that Bagsiraj and two others allegedly snatched Kapse's chain worth Rs 20,000 around midnight and tried to flee from the spot.However, a scuffle took place between Kapse and Bagsiraj and Kapse overpowered him. A police patrol later took Bagsiraj into custody under section 392 read with 34 of the IPC on charges of robbery.Bagsiraj was doing tailoring jobs, Korde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "rishi nagar", "code": "11332073", "title": "In the business of shaping young lives", "text": "RISHI NAGAR: \"Today's dreams are seeds of tomorrow's reality'' - and this holds true for 34-year-old Sachin Jain, who dreams of making a difference in the society by helping shape the future of the country.And to fulfil his dream, Sachin left his well-established family business to join the teaching profession. Today, he is a corporate trainer and assistant professor in Department of Business Management in Punjab College of Technical Education.Admitting that the teaching profession does not offer good money, Sachin says his sole driving force is to see his students make it big in life. \"It's difficult to put in words how wonderful and proud I feel to see my students doing well in life. Their success keeps me going strong.''From the past three generations, Sachin's family has been into trading business which started way back in 1930 by his grandfather Balwant Rai Jain. He said, \"I belong to a typical business family. My father and all my uncles are into trading, but since childhood I had a dream - a vision to hone and mould our young and show them the right way.''He added, \"I started helping my father Satinder Jain in business in 2000 when I was pursuing my MBA, but all along I felt something was missing in my life. One day I decided to take my chance and applied for the post of management professor in Lovely Professional University near Jalandhar.''Jain said, \"I was never unsure about my decision, but all I feared was my family's reaction. I got selected in the interview and told my parents about it. I started teaching but all my family kept on urging me to discontinue the job and concentrate on family business. I remained firm on my decision and continued with my job and gradually my family also accepted it.''Jain also has a passion for collecting stamps and rare currency coins and claims that he possesses one rare coin of Lord Ram era having an estimated value of Rs 30 crore. He said, \"This coin has been in my family for many generations and I would not sell it at any cost.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11332373", "title": "GHMC to tighten up town planning wing", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has requested the state government to set up a special tribunal for trying the thousands of cases pending with the town planning wing after it was discovered that builders were going ahead with unauthorised constructions.Were a separate tribunal to be constituted on the lines of an administrative tribunal or a special court for land-grabbing cases, it could be beneficial for the corporation and builders who are both looking for a speedy disposal of cases.The GHMC recently wrote to the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department to initiate the process for the setting up of a separate tribunal for the town planning wing. Officials said the request would be forwarded to the legal wing of the general administration department ( GAD) for further action.GHMC officials said that there was a provision for a tribunal under New Building Rules (GO 86) introduced by the MA&UD; department in March 2006. However, no such proposal was sent to the civic body by the corporation. Now, an amendment in the GHMC Act has been proposed for the constitution of a tribunal for such cases.Officials said over 5,500 cases, all pertaining to the town planning wing, are pending in courts. Nearly 1,500 cases are before the AP high court with another 4,000 cases pending in lower courts. For most of the cases related to illegal constructions, the owners have approached courts following notices for demolition issued by the GHMC. \"The proposal for setting up a tribunal for town planning cases has been sent to MA&UD; department.Extra care would be taken till then to monitor cases regularly,\" GHMC special commissioner Navin Mittal told TOI. Sources said that the department was aware of staff who advise owners on how to approach courts after receiving notices pertaining to unauthorised construction.In some cases, despite status quo orders, owners continue with illegal constructions like in the case of the Ayyappa society in Madhapur. In some cases, no demolition or further action was initiated against builders even after a stay order was vacated by eligible courts. \"Our aim is to get stay orders vacated for cases pending for over six months by filing vacation petitions in courts, especially with regard to illegal buildings,\" a GHMC town planning officer said.During Sameer Sharma's tenure as the GHMC commissioner, some exercises were performed to streamline cases since certain town planning staff were believed to be in cahoots with builders and land owners.The then commissioner had issued a circular directing officials to provide information on court notices to standing counsels within a week of receipt. In vigilance cases, officers failing to produce records for the perusal of the inquiry officer would be held responsible for the omission and disciplinary action would be initiated against them. However, no action has been taken against any town planning officer for laxity.According to officials, over 5,500 cases, all pertaining to the town planning wing, are pending in courts. Nearly 1,500 cases are before the AP high court with another 4,000 cases pending in lower courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11331559", "title": "IMC may mop up 250 crore tax", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is hoping to mop up Rs 250 crore through tax collection by the end of this fiscal, up from Rs 172 crore collected during the last fiscal.The civic body has already collected Rs 150 crore during the current fiscal, up from Rs 111 crore collected in the corresponding period last fiscal. Of all taxes collected by the civic body, property tax constitutes the major part in the corporation's kitty.Talking to TOI, Manoj Pushp, additional commissioner, IMC, said, \"The IMC gives a discount of 6%, if the tax is deposited by April. The residents do not have to pay additional charge if the tax is paid by December. We charge 15% additional charge on property tax and 10% additional fee on water taxes as penalty in case these are not submitted by December 31. This explains heavy rush on December 31 for tax payment.\"The corporation has made arrangement of online tax paying system. One can know outstanding dues at the touch of computer screen, said Pushp.\"Apart from it, we have opened a separate window for taxes payment for women , disabled and senior citizens, said Pushp. If all goes well, we are sure of achieving the target,\" he added.The civic body has already collected Rs 150 crore during the current fiscal, up from Rs 111 crore collected in the corresponding period last fiscal. Of all taxes collected, property tax constitutes the bulk part of the revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335256", "title": "Impress her with your FB profile", "text": "Your fantasy girl may be judging your every move online. Too bad your social networking profile's such a turnoff to the ladies. Here's how to put your best face forward on the Web .Sure, social networks like MySpace and Facebook give you access to more girls than the old analog world of generations past. Sadly, though, these young ladies may be more digitally privy than you. And they may be looking at your online profile right now, only to conclude that ... you're a jerk.Example : Think an ambiguous relationship status makes you mysterious? Well, nope. Actually, a girl eyeing this immediately thinks you're hiding something or someone -- or that you just want to keep your options open.Here are five more things she may perceive as a red flag, and here's how to avoid them:TMI: You had a disagreement with your best buddy, hate your boss and can't get bigger calves no matter what you do at the gym. And every online \"friend\" you have knows it. Because you told them so.The about-face: Really, keep it inside. To hook a girl, you need to keep a few secrets, or at least try not to seem like a whiney pessimist. Pour your heart out after you've been dating for a few months -- not on your wall. She may still think you whine but at least she'll feel special that you whine to her.Compromising profile photos: They show you can't grow up, you're not relationship material and you're probably $10K in credit card debt because you put your vices -- like those allegedly awesome rims in albums No. 1, 2 and 3 -- on your card at a cool 27 per cent APR.The about-face: Swap these pictures out for something a little more conservative, such as something that actually, and accurately, features you -- at a time when you're not puking, fighting or wearing someone's boxers on your head.Constant status updates: It looks like you have no life. Seriously. If you do 60 quizzes per day and comment on everyone's pictures, you're probably unemployed or not the backbone of the company you say you are.The about-face: Even if you do spend your weekends playing online backgammon, you can at least appear to be busy by curbing the urge to update every hour on the hour. And please wean yourself off the \" Which Family Guy character are you ?\" quizzes.A defaced wall: Your buddy posts the following message on your wall: \"You're the man! I couldn't believe you and bowling babe last night in the parking lot!\" The girl of your dreams sees this. She now knows the deal and wants nothing to do with you.The about-face: Deactivate your wall or restrict who can view it.Alibi-busting photos: You tell your girl you were visiting your sick grandma last weekend, when you were actually at a party with your ex. Once those bash pictures hit Facebook -- especially if you're tagged in any of them -- your cover's blown.The about-face: Change your settings so you're notified whenever anyone tags you and can un-tag yourself ASAP. (Or, you know, stop being a lying two-timer.)Got it? Stop shooting yourself in the foot with your profile. Now you might actually have a chance with her.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11332040", "title": "New Year revelry claims eight lives in city", "text": "CHENNAI: The 2012 New Year revelry turned out to be one of the worst in recent times for the city and its outskirts with the death of at least eight persons in separate accidents. There were also 22 non-fatal accidents in the city.While four youths were killed in Chennai, four others were killed in Natham village on the Kalpakkam--Chengalpet state highway, off the Chennai-Puducherry entertainment corridor early on Sunday morning.According to the police, a youth riding pillion on a bike died after the vehicle crashed against a wall of an over-bridge near Perambur. The deceased was identified as R Shankar (20) of Nehru Nagar in Pulianthope.\"The boys hit the wall of an overbridge at Sembium while proceeding home after celebrating New Year,\" a police officer told TOI.While Shankar died on the spot, M Suresh (19) escaped with minor injuries, he said. Police also nabbed two of their friends - L Murugan and N Ranjith -who were tailing them in the race. At T Nagar, a bike-borne youth, R Raja of Kamaraj Nagar, skidded off the road while on his way to Saidapet to visit his sister. The police said that he was drunk.In another incident, a 22-year-old engineering student at an Erode college drowned at the Marina on Sunday. Four more New Year revelers died near Kalpakkam when they were returning home on two motorbikes on Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335485", "title": "A musical evening evening with DJ Xavier at The Basement", "text": "Alife-size cutout of a pair of green goggles at the entrance of The Basement, Hotel Samilton, made for an apt backdrop for all the 'chammak challos' to pose as their 'body guards' got into a click-happy mode before hitting the dance floor to DJ Xavier's music.With party revellers sporting neon bangles and headgears, the place exuded a different feel. \"\"Chammak challo\" and \"Subha hone na de\" have literally become a rage. Both were MUST songs of the night with people flooding me with requests from every nook and corner of the nightclub. But when it comes to ringing in the New Year, \"The final countdown\" is still the most favourite among party animals,\" said DJ Xavier.While music was enough to give the packed crowd at the do a high, there was lip-smacking food for company. Well, it couldn't have been any better, we say!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338863", "title": "January 2 declared Deadmau5 Day", "text": "The Mayor of Las Vegas has announced that starting this year, January 2 will be observed as Deadmau5 Day in the city in honour of the Canadian progressive, electro and house artiste.\"Las Vegas is the entertainment capital of the world and Deadmau5 represents the cream of the crop in electronic dance music, the hottest genre of music that has made an significant positive financial impact to the city this past year,\"\" said Sean Christie, co-owner and managing partner of a popular Vegas nightclub in a statement related to the Mayor's announcement.Born Joel Thomas Zimmerman, debuted in the 1990's and was recently nominated for three Grammy Awards. His LP 4x4=12 was nominated in the best Dance/Electronica Album category and his track Raise Your Weapon was nominated for Best Dance Recording, while his remix of the Foo Fighters track Rope entitles him to his third nomination for the prestigious music awards in the Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11331893", "title": "City corporation to enhance green cover", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation has decided to extend its green revolution to the newly-included suburban areas also. It has begun a survey in the newly-included zones to re-identify more open space reserves (OSR) that can be converted to green spaces. The corporation has identified 84 new open spaces in the erstwhile corporation limits and an earlier survey had classified 52 spaces in the suburban areas.If the plan fructifies, Chennai will get more than 130 new parks over the next three years. In fact, the parks department has submitted a Rs 29-crore proposal to the government.\"The mayor and the commissioner are very enthusiastic about green spaces. They also believe that setting up parks in the newly-included areas will go a long way in improving the quality of air too,\" said a corporation official.\"We are figuring out OSR land and we are preparing an estimate. The work will start in a phased manner,\" said the official, while declining to give a timeframe.Residents and environmentalists welcomed the move , saying that saplings could be planted in the newly-identified spaces to improve the atmosphere. \"The residential association had to set up a park in a space that was empty for years. It is so much better now. If they take such initiatives, it would help things a lot,\" said Archana Raman, a resident of Ranga Reddy Gardens on the East Coast Road.The corporation had come under severe criticism for allowing many parks to be demolished for the construction of infrastructure facilities. Environment experts too agree that suburban areas could provide the space the civic body is looking for.\"They have been facing a problem of not finding any space in the city to plant saplings, so suburban areas would definitely have a lot of unused space,\" said B Narasimhan, a professor in the department of botany at the Madras Christian College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11335809", "title": "Oil companies may hike petrol prices today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Will petrol prices be hiked again today? Oil companies are likely to revise rates with a Rs 2.10 - 2.13 per litre increase in petrol price saying that it is needed because of a weakening rupee.State-owned oil companies, as per practice, revise rates of petrol on 1st and 16th of every month based on the average imported price and exchange rate during the fortnight.As per this schedule, new rates were to be announced on Saturday if they were take effect from yesterday, but top officials at oil companies said the revision was \"99 per cent unlikely\" yesterday.The oil companies, they said, will decide on revising rates only on Monday.The rate change may, however, need a political clearance as Assembly elections in five crucial states, including Uttar Pradesh and Punjab, have been announced.\"While international price of gasoline (against which domestic petrol prices are benchmarked) are more or less at the same level (as at the time of last revision), the rupee has depreciated to about Rs 53 to a US dollar,\" an official said.This warrants an increase of Rs 1.78 per litre and after adding local sales tax or VAT, the desired hike in petrol price in Delhi is Rs 2.10 - 2.13 a litre.Petrol at Indian Oil Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp petrol pumps in Delhi is now priced at Rs 65.64 per litre and at Rs 65.65 a litre on retail outlets of Hindustan Petroleum Corp.Oil firms had, at the last review on December 15/16, decided not to burden the consumers with about Re 1 per litre hike in petrol price needed at that time, as they felt Reserve Bank's intervention may help arrest fall in rupee's value.The oil firms had in November cut petrol prices twice on drop in international oil rates. The companies reduced petrol prices by Rs 2.22 per litre, or 3.2 per cent, from November 16, followed by a Rs 0.78 per litre cut from December 1.The domestic rates, which were last revised on November 30, are pegged at Rs 51.50 to a US dollar exchange rate.The average exchange rate in first fortnight of December was Rs 51.98 to a US dollar, which has further deteriorated.State-owned oil companies like Indian Oil Corp ( IOC ) use fortnightly average of benchmark oil price and exchange rate to revise retail rates on 1st and 16th of every month.The revision was due today and if the oil companies had decided to pass on the exchange rate fluctuations to consumers, the new rates would have been effective from January 1.However, it remains to be seen if the oil firms will get a political nod to increase the prices in view of assembly elections.Petrol price was freed from government control in June last year but public sector companies continue to informally consult their parent Oil Ministry before taking a decision.The government continues to control rates of diesel, domestic LPG and kersoene which were sold way below cost to keep inflation under check. The oil firms lose Rs 12.71 per litre on diesel, Rs 29.93 a litre on kerosene and Rs 326 per 14.2-kg LPG cylinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11333849", "title": "Power woes too haunt city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Feeders and power transformers in various localities of the city developed technical snags due to continuous rains forcing faced power cuts through most part of the day. Barring VIP areas, snags could not be repaired, as linemen were not available despite being on duty suggesting that authorities were not prepared for a crisis.Lack of power supply led to scarcity of drinking water, which further aggravated the problem, even as denizens made frantic calls to various local sub-stations to know the status. Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) officials, meanwhile, were caught napping as the thunderstorm lashed through the city. They, however, claimed of working over time to restore the problems, which however took long hours.There was no power supply in the Old City areas between 10.00 am and 6.00 pm causing grave problems to the residents . Kaiserbagh area, which comes under the Residency sub-division , witnessed a 12 hour long power cut. A similar story was heard from Old City areas particularly Aminabad, Fatehganj the transformer here tripped following the thunderstorm.Lesa sources said that the feeder went dysfunctional after an electricity pole got uprooted , plunging the area into a deep power crisis.Likewise, the residential colonies of Gomtinagar and Indiranagar too faced a problem as some local transformers there too developed snag after rain water entered into them. There were repeated power interruptions in the two colonies throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "11332424", "title": "When kisses left US seamen beaten", "text": "TUTICORIN: While instances of local people molesting foreign women are well known during festivals and celebrations, this time, an instance of local women being at the receiving end has come to light.An attempt to greet local women on New Year's in a way Westerners generally do has landed two Americans in serious trouble. Offended, passersby took the duo to task by beating them black and blue.US citizens Russelcay Francis (48) and John Douglas (47), and another comrade, working as security personnel in a cargo ship, were in Tuticorin as their ship was anchored in the port.On New Year's eve, after having a couple of drinks at a hotel where they were staying, they went to Palayamkottai-Tuticorin road. It was said that Russelcay, John and their friend were dancing on the road, inebriated, wishing passers by for New Year. Excited over the reciprocation they were receiving from two-wheeler riders, the three started shaking hands with women, wishing them.At one stage, it was alleged that they started kissing local women. Shocked and frightened by their behaviour, the women started running away while local people who witnessed the incident were angered. Earlier, the Americans attempted to enter a local temple with shoes and beer bottles, which irked locals.Agitated over their behaviour, local people caught hold of two of the foreigners and thrashed them till the Tuticorin Central police intervened. The police took them to hospital for treatment. The third seaman is, however, absconding.Tuticorin Central Police station sources said Russelcay Francis and John Douglas were brothers from California . A case has been registered against them for harassing women as well as under Section 295A for hurting religious beliefs because they attempted to enter the Prasannavinayagar temple in the area with shoes and beer bottles.Russelcay and John were admitted to the government hospital for treatment and later shifted to a private hospital. Police also booked cases against a few unidentified persons from the Palayamkoatti Road area for attacking the foreigners, they said.Tuticorin SP J Rajendran told TOI that the foreign nationals had come to Tuticorin as additional security staff for the cargo vessel. Local people attacked them when their behaviour with women became offensive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11330805", "title": "This bird means big business", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was only five years ago that emus became the popular choice for farmers. Emu red meat is supposed to be the safest for those who are diabetic or have high cholesterol.\"The emu can be a good substitute to deal with the shortage of red meat in the market. A 100 grams of emu meat has only 30-40 mg of cholesterol-causing fat, as opposed to other red meat where the fat content is double,'' says a senior veterinary officer at the Livestock Research Station of Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Services University.Emu oil extracted out of its fat contains pain-relieving oleic acid and it is good for arthritis , claims farming companies. The Central leather Research Institute has recently developed leather products out of emu's skin, adding more scope for its rearing.It is not yet a staple in the Indian diet. We are currently in the process of finding more buyers for it. Supermarkets, hyper markets and restaurants are now being subjected to awareness programmes,'' said V U Shdheesh of Asian Emu Farms.\"Rearing the emu is an attractive proposition because of the low cost of production and high commercial value. Its meat, bones , feathers, body fat, claws, skin and egg shells translate into valuable commodities and the market in Tamil Nadu would get a further boost with the commissioning of factories,'' says R V Easwaran, a farmer in Erode.The National Bank for Rural and Agriculture Development (NABARD) has recently announced that it would extend its support to emu farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11332905", "title": "Koda amassed Rs 3,300cr as CM, says I-T report", "text": "RANCHI: Madhu Koda has amassed property worth about Rs 3,300 crore during his tenure as CM by misusing his office, the income tax department has said.Koda and his aides are lodged in the Birsa Munda Central Jail in Ranchi and are facing trail in cases lodged by the CBI and the enforcement directorate.\"The I-T department has assessed his total worth to be around Rs 3,300 crore and it has issued notice for payment of tax and fine of around Rs 1,200 crore,\" said an official. In 2009, raids were conducted at offices and residences of Koda's associates in 70 locations, including Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata, of the country.Another official said, \"Koda and his aides made fortune and invested money in companies in India as well as abroad. His investment in Dubai was more than Rs 370 crore. The highest amount was invested in Balaji Group which is around Rs 950 crore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "11330943", "title": "Pernem locals irate over all-night beach parties", "text": "MANDREM: Citizens of Mandrem, Arambol Ashvem and Morjim have complained against late night beach parties organized along these beaches on December 31 to January 1, which created noise pollution and congestion of roads resulting in disturbance of peace and affected their normal lives.Residents of Arambol, Junas and Morjim told TOI on that on December 31 and January 1 there were massive traffic jams on almost all roads leading to the beaches of Junas and Arambol and Ashvem to Morjim as tourists made a beeline to parties organized there.Speaking to TOI, Vishwanath Naik, a resident of Khalchawada-Arambol, said that though the government claimed that loud music in non-permissible beyond 10pm, it was played till 3.30pm creating nuisance.Ashvewada villagers confirmed that the owner of a popular night club there organized a late night party on January 1 at Morjim beach blatantly flouting all rules and regulations by playing loud music till 4amwith foreigners and few domestic tourists being present. Alex Fernandes from Ashvem-Mandrem told TOI that entry fees ranged between 500 and 3,500 per head.When asked what measures were taken by the Mandrem and Arambol panchayats against the party organizers, sarpanch Laxmikant Govekar and Suchana Gadekar of both panchayats respectively told TOI that the government should come out with specific measures to curb late night beach parties which affect villagers' normal lives.Senior citizen Anand Naik from Khalchawada-Arambol blamed Pernem police for failing to take necessary action to prevent the illegalities along the beaches of Pernem taluka especially during the tourist season.However, sources at the Pernem police station said that failure of authorities to appoint sufficient police staff at Pernem police station is creating a problem in patrolling the entire Pernem coastline.Presently only 49 police personnel attached to Pernem police station patrol the Pernem taluka. Of these only 14, besides nine tourists police personnel, man the Pernem beaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11332617", "title": "Delhi businessman killed in mishap", "text": "JAIPUR: An annual pilgrimage from Delhi to Khatushyamji temple in Sikar district of the state proved fatal for a businessman and his five employees when the car they were traveling in rammed into a truck near Govindgarh, almost 85 km from here.According to the police, Mahendra Agarwal, a 31-year old businessman, used to visit the temple every year on January 1.\"He along with his five other employees left from Mangol Puri area in Delhi at 5 pm on Saturday evening.Later, around 11.30 pm their car smashed into the rear-end of a truck in front of it,\" said a police officer from Govindgarh on Sunday. Agarwal and Abhishek Bairwa (17) died on the spot, while the others Ajay Kumar (23), Rinku (25), Nakul (23) and Ravi sustained grave injuries and were rushed to the Sawai Man Singh hospital here, police said.Of the injured persons, the family of one Ajay took him to Delhi for medication while others were undergoing treatment at SMS hospital, police added. Soon after, the police team contacted the businessmen's brother Manish at Delhi and told him about the accident. Taking to newsmen, a shaken Manish, said, \"Every year on January 1 he went to Khatushyamji by his own vehicle. It is sad since he was father of two sons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338312", "title": "Sanjay Dutt to play a mad scientist role", "text": "Director Nitish Roy is bringing together Sanjay Dutt and Bipasha Basu in a Hindi remake of Bengali film.Titled Gehra Paani film will have Dutt play a mad scientist who creates a genetically evolved crocodile with individual intelligence but becomes a target of a gang of hunters wanting to capture the unique reptile for their lucrative business.The film's producer Avik Bagchi reveals the actors are expected to shoot at a film city in the Maoist-infested Jungel mahal area of West Midnapore district, where a giant 100 foot long crocodile has been created using pyrotechnics and CGI. Buzz is the film will have lots of action and stunts most of which will be performed by Dutt and Basu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11333912", "title": "Nemom extends support to Vilappilsala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Nemom block panchayat has extended support to Vilappil panchayat on the garbage treatment issue. It also criticized the city mayor for misrepresenting facts.Chief minister Oommen Chandy had declared on December 23 in the presence of the mayor, CPM district secretary and leading political leaders of the city that the Vilappilsala Sewage Treatment Plant will be closed down in three months. \"Now, mayor K Chandrika's claim that she was not aware of the assurance given by the CM to shut down the plant is false and baseless,\" Nemom block panchayat president M Manikandan told reporters on Thursday.The residents had faced the hazards of pollution from tonnes of garbage from the city dumped there for the last 11 years and the ultimate solution to the crisis is to shut down the plant, Manikandan said.\"As many as nine drinking water projects in Vilappilsala have been affected due to the pollution from the sewage plant and the leachate seeping into the streams and water pipelines,\" he said.Appreciating the promise made by the CM, Manikandan said the mayor was conspiring against the move and trying to scuttle the efforts by vitiating the crisis further. The corporation needs to evolve an alternative to the garbage crisis in coordination with the local self government department, he said.He also urged the protest committee members to go by the government assurance to shut down the plant and to work towards that. The mayor's stance against the government declaration of closure of the plant is demeaning and speaks of the corporation's lack of accountability, he said.\"As many as nine drinking water projects in Vilappilsala have been affected due to the pollution from the sewage plant", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332249", "title": "CEPT exhibition highlights city's issues", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Tales of evolution, in the form of comic strips, collages and sketches of some areas in Ahmedabad like - Asarva, Kalupur, Prahladnagar, Chandkheda and Thaltej were put up at the campus of Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) University. The exhibition will be open for public from January 5.A total of 300 students guided by 30 faculties took part in the interdisciplinary workshop conducted between December 12 and 30. Students worked together to understand the city from varied perspectives, so that future issues could be understood with better clarity.\"The students formed various vertical groups to explore topics like dwelling, working environment, education, recreation and civic, institutional and religious environment,\" said CEPT University faculty Sachin Soni. \"The students visited various places around the city and have tried to understand and analyze the situation there,\" he added.Within the display, many comic strips reflected how areas like Bopal - which has now become a chaos of activities, was once a peaceful village a few decades back. Another strip tells how Asarva, which intended to develop as an industrial area, now has up-market residential colonies. Many stories pointed out issues like the lack of open space, encroachment of concrete jungles, lack of hygiene and traffic congestions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11333557", "title": "No more scheduled power cuts in city", "text": "JAIPUR: As a New Year bonanza , denizens of Pink City will get some respite from the scheduled power cuts. Jaipur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (JVVNL) from Sunday relaxed the two hours of load-shedding , however, it will remain continued in other parts of the state.The two hours of scheduled power cuts which were in place since October, 2011 were discontinued after improved frequency and sufficient power availability in the grid. \"We have sufficient electricity as per the demand and with strong frequency we are also able to overdraw from the grid,\" said C S Chandalia, director of power trading.But JVVNL is still monitoring the situation closely and will take decision on day-to-day basis, he said.. \"We will keep our word till the time there is an acute shortage of power. As of now, the situation has improved and 1,500 lakh units are available against a demand of 1,575 lakh units. Power from wind mills is helping in easing the situation,\" Chadalia added.The demand for electricity in winter increases especially from the agriculture sector because of the rabi crop. The farmers are getting six hours of electricity supply. Similarly , the industries that were at loggerheads with the state government after the power tariffs were hiked in September are getting continuous electricity too. The deficit was being made up but by cutting down the share of household connections.The discom is also mulling over making certain changes in its agriculture connection policy. So far, the agriculture connections are being given on the basis of a policy made in 2007. The existing policy gives certain privileges to certain section of farmers. The farmers belonging to Scheduled Caste or Scheduled Tribe and retired army personnel get priority over others in getting the connection. Framers from this section get relaxation of three years in demand notice for new connections. Similarly, under the self-financing scheme, farmers who install energy and water saving equipment get the outright priority.\"The government is planning to make changes in the policy to encourage more farmers to install the power saving system. Any new change will focus on curbing the transmission and distribution (T&D; ) losses which stands at the 21.19 per cent in 2011,\" a source said. The agriculture sector was the major power consumer with maximum T&D; losses. In past three years, 1,80,578 new agriculture connections were issued by the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11330705", "title": "In the email era, this man still greets people with a card", "text": "COIMBATORE: With the new generation in the city totally dependent on e-cards and SMS greetings, their sale has hit an all-time low during this holiday season. However, this retired post master in the city has a rare collection of paper greeting cards which evoke memories of a bygone era in which people lined up before post offices to buy stamps and covers to send their greetings.\"Coimbatore used to be a city where the demand for paper greeting cards was huge and people of all ages thronged roadside shops to purchase cards till a couple of years ago. In those days, there was brisk sale of stamps and covers in each post office and the department staff had to work round-the-clock to sort and deliver the cards,'' says N Hariharan, a popular post master who retired in 1992.\"Even the postal department sold greeting cards. We had stocked up all post offices with an array of designer cards giving the customers a huge range to choose from,'' he added.Hariharan is one of the few people who still delights in writing letters and sending greeting cards. \"There is nothing to beat the feel of seeing a letter written by hand. You feel the person is talking to you in person. That is why we like to preserve letters and read them again and again,\" he says.Hariharan has a collection of old greeting cards. A member of the philately club, he started collecting greeting cards along with stamps. Starting from a greeting card of the 1920's, he has preserved some interesting varieties of cards. All of them have been collected during his stint in the postal department. The postal department had designed some cards with stamps matching the designs like a Diwali greeting card has a matching envelop and stamp.Hariharan says that there were times when the postal department would come up with surprise greeting cards. He goes on to talk about telegrams which were widely used to send quick short messages. \"When we wanted to send a telegram with a greeting, we used to send cards specially developed by the department for this purpose. It was a real surprise for many,\" he said.He still buys and sends greeting cards to his friends and family. \"Even if I get messages and e-mails, I usually send greeting cards and letters. Many call me to tell me how much they appreciate my gesture,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11331191", "title": "Claims to develop city roads a farce, says Aakrosh", "text": "NAGPUR: Social organization Aakrosh has flayed the BJP-led ruling party for not paying attention to city roads in the last five years. Through a press release, president Dr Ashok Lanjewar said that the pathetic condition of the city roads is enough evidence to prove that the tall claims being made by BJP leaders are false.\"NMC is only filling up potholes. The quality of work too is not up to the mark. Massive corruption in road works is making the situation worse. Contractors are doing work worth Rs 5 crore despite getting a sanction of Rs 10 crore. Therefore, claims that road development work amounting to Rs 283 crore were undertaken is just a farce,\" he said.Dr Lanjewar added that office-bearers of NMC should make claims after conducting a survey of roads. \"Many motorists have become victims of potholes on roads. NMC officials should realize the importance of roads and develop them on the lines of Gujarat ,\" he said.NMC Ghar Tax Trasta Nivaran Manch's secretary Shankar Gulani, Jan Samasya Nivaran Sangarsh Samiti's secretary NL Sawarkar, officials of Yuva Shakti Sanghatna and Pritam Mathrani have also condemned the tall claims made by the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11333561", "title": "CM\u2019s wife Datty performs thulabhara", "text": "MANGALORE: Datty Sadananda Gowda, better half of chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, on Sunday performed a thulabhara at Kukke Sri Subrahamanya Temple.Accompanied by her son Karthik Gowda and CM's brother Bhaskar Gowda and his wife, Datty was weighed against coconut, jaggery and rice bags in the ritual. Datty underwent the ritual on advise from family priests and astrologers for good health.Datty told TOI that although she wanted to perform the ritual for some time, she could not do so, owing to paucity of time. However on Sunday, Bhaskar and his family wanted to perform Naga Prathishte rituals at the temple, Datty said, adding that they had invited her and Karthik to take part in it.\"I took this opportunity to fulfil the advise given to me,\" Datty said, adding that she prayed for the prosperity of people of the state.When enquired if she only prayed for welfare of people of the state and not that of her husband, Datty said: \"If people of the state are well-off, even he (my husband) will be well off. The state should be free from natural calamities like drought, excess rain and the like,\" Datty said, adding that absence of such worries will enable the CM to focus on all-round development of Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11332153", "title": "Sharandeep's digital brush strokes keep up with times", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sharandeep Singh is no ordinary painter as he uses computer for painting his themes on the windows paint. Imsharanart, as he is popularly called by his friends and colleagues, ventured into this art of digital painting about a year ago and since then he is making paintings on computer on themes ranging from Sikhism, to culture and childhood.24-year-old Sharandeep, son of Harmeet Singh , a businessman of Mandi Gobindgarh, has been living with his maternal uncle Avtar Singh of Gill Road since childhood. \"As a child, I had a passion for art, especially painting and drawing. I always used to get scolded in school for drawing pictures on my books. I did art works just for hobby during school days. Later when I grew up and completed Class XII, I joined interior decoration course in Chandigarh in 2005. In 2007, I joined as supervisor in a local hotel in Chandigarh and did a diploma in 3D animation. In December 2010, I quit the job and came here and started self-learning in digital painting and also did freelance work in this advanced art work,'' he said.Young Sharandeep, who has been working as a faculty trainer in an animation firm in Model Town here for the last six months, said, \"Earlier I used to do digital paintings on my system with mouse but later on, I bought a pen tablet for the purpose. Till now, I have made about 50 digital paintings. I choose digital painting to highlight my themes, as I believe that the times have changed and everything is converting into digital world. So the new generation needs something new to learn, which is why digital paintings are the big thing now.''About his future plans, he said, \"I want to attract people living in foreign countries so that they can understand the value of our rich culture and history. I try to give a message to all through my digital paintings.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331505", "title": "Couple injured in stove burst", "text": "MUMBAI: A couple sustained burns after a cooking stove burst at their Mahim residence on New Year's Eve. The victims, Puja (27) and her husband, Bajrang Shivre (30), have been admitted to KEM hospital.\"Puja was cooking dinner on a kerosene stove. After pouring in kerosene, she was pumping the stove when it burst. Puja sustained 70% burns,\" said senior inspector Ramrao Desai. Bajrang tried to put out the fire with a blanket. He sustained 40% burns in the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331690", "title": "Road named after Godrej founder", "text": "MUMBAI: The Godrej family was out in full strength on Sunday morning at a function to name a road after the founder of the Godrej empire, Naoroji Pirojsha Godrej, at Napean Sea Road. The road leading to Godrej Baug from the Jain Social Group Chowk was named after N P Godrej at an event organized by the Bombay Parsi Punchayet (BPP). The proposal for naming the road mooted by residents of Godrej Baug was approved by the BMC on December 23.Naoroji's son, Jamshyd Godrej, who is chairman of Godrej and Boyce Manufacturing Co. Ltd., was the chief guest. The founder's nephews, Adi and Nadir Godrej along with Naoroji's daughter Smita Godrej Crishna were guests of honour. Adi Godrej, chairman of the Godrej Group, described the founder as a great entrepreneur who built the Godrej Group on solid grounds. Jamshyd Godrej said that his father was a great philanthropist too. BPP chairman Dinshaw Mehta said that the founder was not in good health after he was stabbed during a union strike in 1979. \"The BMC also agreed to honor the founder of Godrej after his remarkable contribution to the country and society,\" Mehta said. CorporatorYogita Anil Singh said, \"The proposal to name the road was mooted in September last year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336259", "title": "Action plan 2012!", "text": "Here are some quirky resolutions that youngsters in the city have taken this yearSo, now that New Year's is done with and the hangover is successfully cured, it's time to sit down and think of all those ambitious resolutions that you made (most probably under the effect of some form of substance or the other).This year, however, seems to be a tad different, for the youngsters in the city, who bored with done to death resolutions like 'I will not make a New Year resolution' or 'I will lose weight', resolve to go all out and quirky this year.Quiz TV actor Bosskey, ever the funny man about what his resolution for the New Year is, and he says, \"My resolution is to first clear the resolutions I have made for the last five years. I want to clear my 'arrears' this year, before making any new ones\" he says.Echoing the same sentiment, Srikanth Menon, a freelance animator, says, \"My resolution this year is to learn salsa. I tried it once before but didn't go ahead with it. This year, I'm going to finish what I started.\" Youngsters, however, don't seem to be content with just making resolutions for themselves. They are actually going ahead and taking on their 'social responsibilities' very seriously this year.Sarcasn, who is quite popular on a wellknown social networking portal, posted on his page, \"This year, let's all make a resolution to throw garbage inside garbage cans. And let the government make a resolution to install garbage cans in the first place.\"Other popular resolve-based digs are the ones taken at politicians, celebrities and other people in the limelight. Richa Sharma, a social media blogger, shares, \"If I were Sachin Tendulkar , I would resolve to make my ever-elusive century this year.\" With all the brouhaha about the Mayan prophecy of the world coming to an end in 2012, here's hoping that the year to come brings about a bit of quirky here and a dash of madness there - speaking resolution wise of course!RESOLUTIONS FAMOUS PEOPLE SHOULD MAKEANNA HAZARE: I will start eatingNITIN GADKARI: I will stop eatingMANMOHAN SINGH: I will start talkingABHISHEK BACHCHAN: I will stop actingSACHIN: I will make more than 99 runs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11445614", "title": "Google Doodle marks geologist Nicolas Steno's 374th birthday", "text": "Internet search giant Google posted the year's first Doodle, marking the 374th birth anniversary of the world famous Danish geologist Nicolas Steno, also known as the father of Geology. Steno is also known for his valuable contribution in the field of anatomy.Today's Doodle, which spells out the name of the search engine, appears in the form of earth strata with fossils in various bottom layers and a green crust. On clicking the Doodle, users land on the search results page for Nicolas Steno.Born in Copenhagen to a goldsmith family, Steno left the place in 1660 to study medicine in the Netherlands. Steno's most famous and ground-breaking work was the one he carried out on shark's teeth raising an important question as to how can other solid objects and materials get embedded inside rocks and rock layers.Later he concluded that all rocks and minerals were originally fluid in nature and were floating on the crust but gradually they settled down at the bottom of the sea creating horizontal layers.Originally a Lutheran, Steno embraced Catholicism and in the year 1987 he was beatified by Pope John Paul II , completing the first step towards becoming a saint.Google recently revamped its Doodle site allowing users to purchase items featuring Google Doodles. The update brings the page into line with Google's other socially-enhanced sites and enables users to share their favorite logos on social networking websites.The new site features over 1,000 doodles, some of which include a behind-the-scenes look at the creative process and links to the interactive versions.Google Doodles are the decorative changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries, and the lives of famous artists and scientists. The first Google Doodle was created by Larry Page and Sergy Brin Google in the year 1998 to mark the celebrations of the Burning Man Festival. Google currently has over 1000 Doodles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337251", "title": "Kendra Wilkinson isn't fixated on sex", "text": "Kendra Wilkinson says sex isn't the most important thing in her marriage.The former Playboy model - who is married to NFL player Hank Baskett - admits a good love life is crucial to the happiness of a relationship, but she thinks the key aspects of a harmonious union are support and understanding.Kendra - who has a two-year-old son Hank Baskett IV with her husband - told BANG Showbiz: \"Sex is very important but I definitely would not say that sex is the most important thing. I think communication as a couple is.\"As a couple, as two people, you have to change and you both have to change. One person can't change and then the other stays the same you have to develop with the person you love and if you don't change with the other individual you could get lost. People go through a lifetime of changes and you go through stages, you go through hard times, bad times, good times but you have to do it together.\"Although sex isn't the most important thing to her, the blonde beauty recently admitted she and her hunky husband like adventurous lovemaking.Kendra said: \"The thing is we are fun people we don't trap ourselves in the bedroom we are spontaneous people and we don't take things so serious and we don't limit ourselves to our bedroom. We like to look outside the box! We've done it in the car a couple of times but we're not as crazy as people think we are. We are actually probably conservative to what people think we are. We just like to explore a little bit.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11333490", "title": "Bad weather sends power supply for toss", "text": "VARANASI: Most parts of the city witnessed a dark start of the New Year as power supply crumbled amid incessant drizzle on Sunday. While local faults and snapping of power cables disrupted power supply in trans-Varuna areas including the outskirts like Ashapur and Sarnath areas, the technical snags in a number of 33 kv and 11 kv feeders including Sigra, Mahmoorganj, Kashi Vidyapeeth, Chowkaghat and Maidagin forced power cuts in the heart of the city.The gravity of the situation could be understood with the fact that a number of prominent localities like Mahmoorganj, Manduadih, Sigra and Lallapura witnessed power trippings throughout the day. Other areas like Teliabagh, Jagatganj, Maldahia and Lahurabir attached with 33 kv Chowkaghat and Maidagin substations also witnessed additional rostering in the day.M L Sharma, chief engineer, PVVNL, said that the incessant rainfall disrupted power supply in some parts of the city but efforts were on to remove technical snags. The adverse weather conditions were threatening to hamper the efforts to restore power supply especially the tasks of replacing damaged cables, he added.The southern parts of the city, however, enjoyed uninterrupted power supply on the first day of New Year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11331751", "title": "Showers fail to dampen spirit in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Rain lashed the city since midnight but it cannot deter revellers from enjoying the New Year's Day, which fell on Sunday. Many revellers visited picnic spots across the city despite rain.New year celebrations begin with dance, partying, picnic, watching movies in the city. Bokaro Club witnessed the maximum gathering with more than 2,000 residents enjoyed the musical show Ispatgani-2011 finalists of a reality show Sumedha and Sauren Bhatt. Rotary Club and the restaurants like Ginger, Hans Regency, Rainbow and others witnessed huge celebrations.On Sunday, the celebration was not so pleasant like Saturday because of the rain, but it didn't stop people form merrymaking. The City Park, one of the famous picnic spots of the town, witnessed quite a good number of picnickers. The youths were seen playing Bollywood numbers in loud speakers under the rain. Many families were seen enjoying boating in the pond of the park while the food outlet was packed. \"Today, we have come here for picnic as we want to spend our first day of year enjoying. It is raining but we are least bother. The rain has increased the splendidiness of the park,\" said Shahi, a reveller. While the scene was equally jubilant in Garga Dam, an other tourist spot of the city. The people were seen cooking food and dancing. Many of them have come making temporary arrangements of plastic cover. The rain didn't deter celebrants from coming at the dam. People were seen enjoying picnic under umbrellas.A few families of doctors were seen preparing food on the bank of the dam holding umbrella. The kids were sitting in the car with the music resounding the area. he two cars were parked parallel to each other on which plastic sheets were put up for makeshift kitchens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11331197", "title": "17 houses gutted on New Year eve", "text": "AMRAVATI: At least 17 houses were gutted and 76 persons left homeless when fire broke out at Sinband village, around 70km from Dharni on Saturday.Sinband is a small hamlet with a population of 300, most of whom are labourers. Fire broke out in one of the huts when 14 families had gone for work and it spread soon. There was no casualty. When residents of Mothakheda and Ranikheda learnt about the fire, they rushed to Sinband to douse the flames.Officials shifted the homeless people to Ranikheda ashramshala. The fire broke out due to incompletely doused chullah in a house. The administration plans to give compensation of Rs 1,000 to each affected person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11333496", "title": "People flock to temples on New Year day", "text": "JAIPUR: After partying hard on New Year's eve, people flocked at religious places in the morning to seek blessings of the God on the first day of the New Year.Ganesh temple at Moti Doongri remained the first choice of many devotees from different parts of the city with several of them seen visiting it right from the early morning. Many other temples in the city also remained open till mid night and hold special prayers.\"I want to start my New Year in a perfect way, so I visited the gurudwara and prayed for peace and good health,\" said Manisha Bhasin, a college-going student.Similarly, Walled City which remains deserted on Sundays, was crowded with vehicles. Govind Dev ji temple at Jalebi Chowk was thronged by the devotees. \"Every year on January 1, people come to pray for wellbeing of their loved ones. This trend has picked up more since the past few years. Everyone wants to have a happy beginning and nothing could be than having blessings from the Go,d\" said Mahant Anjanswami, preist of the temple. Same were the scenes at Hanumaji temples at Chandpole and Sanganeri gate.The churches in the city, too, hold special prayers for the New Year. All Saints' Church at church road conducted a special mass and prayed for peace and prosperity. Similar worship was held in other churches which also witnessed presence of foreign tourists.With Sunday being the first day of the year, many also preferred to stay at home and relax while youngsters continued with their New Year bash by going out in the city. \"We have planned to fly kites and have already bought five. Children are excited and I am expecting even neighbours to come and join us,\" said Vineet Jain who lives in Raja Park.However, rush in the malls continued and huge turnouts were seen even on Sunday. Tables in most of the restaurants remained booked. \"We are expecting that the celebration hangover will continue for at least one more week and people will keep coming with their friends and family,\" said Hitesh Gangwani, manager at one of the city hotels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11332636", "title": "India to achieve N-arm triad in February", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will take a big step towards achieving a credible nuclear weapon triad in February when its first indigenous nuclear submarine INS Arihant begins sea trials off Visakhapatnam.Top defence ministry sources say the \"sea-acceptance trials'' (SATS) of INS Arihant are slated to begin \"towards end-February'' after the completion of its ongoing harbour-acceptance trials (HATS). \"It will take at least six months of extensive SATS and missile trials before the boat is ready for commissioning into Navy,'' said a source.With INS Arihant's induction, India for the first time will brandish the most effective third leg of the nuclear triad - the ability to fire nukes from land, air and sea. The first two legs revolve around the Agni family of ballistic missiles and fighters like Sukhoi-30MKIs and Mirage-2000s jury-rigged to deliver nuclear warheads. Only the Big-5 has nuclear triads till now, with a total of over 140 nuclear-powered submarines. America leads the pack with 71, followed by Russia with about 40, while China, the UK and France have around 10-12 each. India did get delivery of INS Chakra, the rechristened Akula-II nuclear-powered submarine 'K-152 Nerpa', from Russia on a 10-year lease last week. But while it will bolster the country's underwater firepower, it's not armed with nuclear-tipped missiles due to international treatises.India's nuclear triad will be in place, as Navy chief Admiral Nirmal Verma has declared, once INS Arihant is out at sea on \"deterrent patrols''. It has been a long journey for INS Arihant since it was \"launched'' at Vizag in July, 2009, with PM Manmohan Singh himself in attendance.Each and every sub-system was checked and re-checked, along with high-pressure steam trials of all the pipelines, before the miniature 83 MW pressurized light-water reactor, fitted in a containment vessel on board the over 6,000-tonne INS Arihant, went \"critical'' last year, said sources.\"HATS followed thereafter. Now, things are on track for SATS to begin in end-February,'' said the source. Simultaneously, fabrication work on the three follow-on SSBNs (nuclear-powered submarines armed with nuclear ballistic missiles), dubbed S-2, S-3 and S-4, is in full swing under the over Rs 30,000-crore advanced technology vessel programme. The second SSBN after INS Arihant is to be named INS Aridhaman, both of which loosely mean \"potent destroyer of enemies''. They are to be armed first with the 750-km K-15 and at a later stage with the under-development 3,500-km K-4 SLBMs (submarine-launched ballistic missiles). INS Arihant has four silos on its hump to carry either 12 K-15s or four K-4s.Navy wants to have three SSBNs and six SSNs (nuclear-powered attack submarines) in the long term, as reported by TOI earlier. The force is grappling with a depleting conventional underwater arm, down to only 14 ageing diesel-electric submarines.Nuclear-powered submarines can silently stay underwater for months at end, unlike conventional ones that have to surface every few days to get oxygen to recharge their batteries. India with a clear \"no-first use'' nuclear doctrine needs survivable second-strike capability riding on SSBNs to ensure credible deterrence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11331073", "title": "Top cop plans traffic awareness workshop for 10,000 students", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has organized a mass traffic awareness camp for standard X and junior colleges students later this month at police headquarters ground at Takli.The top cop is hoping to conduct the one-day workshop for around 10,000 students from various institutions, followed by issuance of temporary or learning license by Regional Transport Office authorities the following day. The workshop, which is tentatively scheduled for January 12, will be conducted by experts from police, traffic and Regional Transport Office (RTO).In the backdrop of the death of three engineering students in fatal mishaps in separate incidents last week, the CP wants the youth to be aware of the rules on the roads. Dhanvijay said that the number of accident victim has been reduced by around 90, but more people can be saved if the next generation starts respecting traffic rules and becomes aware of the danger of flouting rules on the road. In the recently concluded 2011, around 227 people lost their lives in accidents as compared to 317 in 2010.Dhanvijay said that the necessity of the life-saving helmet would be also drilled into the young minds at the daylong workshop.\"We would enlighten students about traffic rules and penalties for violating such regulations. The various aspects of traffic and road signs along with their meanings and how to follow them would be taught at length,\" said the senior cop.CP said that there had been considerably fewer fatal accidents in the city. \"The accidents have been reduced but the fatality rate is still to be controlled. Sheer apathy about the helmet rule has cost a number of lives. But some citizens and activists always oppose police attempt to enforce it. We lost three bright students due to head injuries, which is sad,\" he said.Dhanvijay has also planned to set up stalls of RTO at the workshop venue along with outlets for retailers who would like to put up standard quality helmets for sale for the youngsters.\"I am also preparing a pamphlet for awareness about helmet rules and other traffic safety measures. We will mention the recent accidents where valuable lives were lost due to negligence,\" said Dhanvijay. He plans to distribute the pamphlets along with newspapers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11332204", "title": "Transcript shows Mehbooba had praised Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: This could prove to be an embarrassment for the Jammu and Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chief Mehbooba Mufti . An official transcript shows that she had indeed praised Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi at the National Integration Council (NIC) meeting last September.A transcript of her speech was made public to counter her denials on the issue. According to the transcript of the deliberations of the meeting released by the Union home ministry on its official website, the PDP leader focussed on the need for giving more opportunities for minorities including reservation in government jobs. tnn &amp; agencies\"I recall once I was in Chennai and I met someone, a Muslim businessman, and he told me that he had gone to see Gujarat Chief Minister (Narendra Modi), and he said I was very impressed. I had an appointment with him regarding some business deal and he had got all the officers there, around him.\"They did not take even ten minutes and he got his job done. So, I mean, people, minorities, Muslims they are looking forward some kind, some kind of step forward, some kind of reaching out, which I think, we are missing.\"I mean to say that if all political parties reach out to minorities they will respond positively,\" the transcript quoted Mehbooba as saying at the NIC meeting held in Delhi in September 2011.The document appeared to counter the denials by Mehbooba who had asked the Ministry of Home Affairs to release the complete transcript of the NIC deliberations.The PDP leader's purported comments at the NIC meeting first came in public domain when BJP leader Sushma Swaraj said even Mehbooba, who had always been opposed to the BJP, had praised Modi at the NIC meeting.Sushma had made the remarks on the concluding day of Modi's 'Sadhbhavna' three-day fast in Ahmedabad in September.Mehbooba hit back and described Sushma's claim as baseless and untrue. \"I have never praised Modi nor recommended any businessman to him for favour. It is all rubbish,\" she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad/vijayawada", "code": "11332425", "title": "Andhra Pradesh: Hooch tragedy toll rises to 17", "text": "HYDERABAD/VIJAYAWADA: With the death of seven more persons on Sunday, the toll in the hooch tragedy at Poratanagar in Mylavaram mandal in Krishna district has risen to 17.In another incident in Nalgonda district, a youth died after consuming illicit toddy. Ten persons who consumed the spurious liquor died on New Year eve, while the condition of five others undergoing treatment in Vijayawada and Mylavaram government hospital continues to be critical.About 50 tribals belonging to the Banjara community from Kanimerla thanda, Poratanagar and Nagulur thanda consumed the killer brew on Saturday in 2-3 spells following which some of them complained of severe health problems while a few others fell unconscious.The victims were rushed to nearby hospitals at Mylavaram, Vissannapet and Vijayawada. While 15 people were getting treatment at GGH, Vijayawada, some 10-12 people have been admitted to private hospitals. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy directed Krishna district collector S A M Rizvi to conduct an inquiry into the incident. Excise circle inspector and two sub-inspectors have been suspended.The incident exposed the failure of the senior excise officials in keeping an eye on the supplies of illicitly distilled (ID) liquor in the thandas. Vijayawada excise superintendent Adinarayana Murthy was handling the additional charge of Mylavaram, but the field staff never carried out raids on ID liquor outlets. Sources said that official even allowed illicit distillation of cheap liquor near Ibrahimpatnam forest area.Earlier, mild tension prevailed at Poratanagar on Sunday when the family members of the victims gheraoed excise and prohibition minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana. The minister, who was on a Sabarimala pilgrimage, took stock of the situation with senior officials after rushing to Mylavaram.Angry family members and relatives demanded the minister to act tough against the illicit liquor brewers and officials. Excise deputy commissioner Harpreeth Singh faced angry protests from the family members of the deceased during his visit to the hospitals at Vijayawada and Mylavaram. Mylavaram MLA Devineni Umamaheswara Rao of TDP was placed under house arrest for staging a dharna in the late hours of Saturday night.Criticising the state government's inaction, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu alleged that the government has become insensitive to the problems of the people.Naidu is visiting Mylavaram on Monday to console the family members of the deceased.YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy has announced relief of Rs 50,000 to the kin of each of the victims. Jagan is also scheduled to visit Mylavaram and the tribal thandas on Tuesday. Meanwhile, a youth died and three others are battling for their lives after consuming spurious toddy at Reddibavi village in Choutuppal mandal in Nalgonda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338910", "title": "Rati Agnihotri loved Kolaveri Di !", "text": "Why This Kolaveri Di took the nation by storm towards the end of 2011, and the entire nation got affected. Love it, hate it, one thing was for sure; that you couldn't ignore it.And Rati Agnihotri, who made her debut in Kollywood in Bharathiraja's Puthiya Varpugal and did many other Tamil films before she moved on to Hindi cinema, says that she loved the song. \"I really liked the song. It's certainly a catchy number, and fun to listen to. I am very happy for Dhanush (who sung it in broken English) because he is a nice boy. However, I am even happier because Dhanush happens to be the son-in-law of Rajinikanth , whom I have known very well over the years. He is a truly wonderful human being and all of us can learn from his humility,\" says Agnihotri.Agnihotri, whose son Tanuj Virwani making his Bollywood debut in the upcoming Luv U Soniyo , also says that she had no clue her son had signed a film. \"It's hard to believe, but I had no clue that he had gone ahead and signed a film! When I came to know and asked him about it, he very casually remarked that he had indeed signed a film. I was scared because he had signed a contract, but he reassured me saying that I had educated him well enough to make wise career decisions. In earlier days, parents used to decide which films their kids should work on. This generation is so different!\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11333540", "title": "Young 'scientists' shine at national children's science congress", "text": "JAIPUR: They are young and innovative who embarked on a journey to fight local, national and international problems with scientific temperament . The 19th National Children Science Congress-2011 that concluded on Saturday saw some research work that was widely appreciated by the jury members and visitors.Priyal Patel: Eleven-year old Priyal Patel, a student of class VI in a nondescript village near Valsad was one of the youngest participants in the Congress. She displayed extensive research on different layers of soil by taking the sample from her own village. She dug a 5-feet deep hole and studied a change in colour, texture and nutrient value of the soil by using traditional methods.She could make out that up to 20 cm the colour of the soil is light brown and moisture content very less. It was followed by change in the colour to dark brown up to 60 cm. \"I could easily differentiate the nature of soil as acidic and non-acidic ,\" said Patel, who started this experiment after overhearing conversation on low productivity per hectare in her village.She sought her teachers' help for more detailed research and to find out the possible solutions . Her samples and findings were sent to Agriculture College, Valsad, that marked it as cent per cent correct.On the basis of her initiative , the college has issued advisory to the farmers about crops according to the soil pattern. The school is now planning to sponsor her education so that she can study various phenomena related to the soil pattern.Tanzila Naaz: Another ten-year-old 'young scientist' who exhibited her research findings helped the entire Davanagere district from health hazard in Karnataka. Tanzila Naaz, a class V student of St Paul's School solved the puzzle of sudden arrival of green leafy vegetables with yellow dots in the market.\"I wondered as to why most of the vegetables grown locally have yellow dots and also taste sour. After my initial probe (asking vendors and elders) failed, I decided to visit the neighbourhood farm and took soil samples,\" said Naaz, who is fond of reading books on scientific experiments.She sought her teachers' help to study the change in colour of the vegetables grown locally. \"I conducted some simple experiments to find out substantially high content of copper in the soil,\" added Naaz who also visited the government hospital to find out any health cases related to consumption of vegetables.Her school found Naaz's research substantial and decided to send the sample to Taralabalu Vigyan Kendra in Davanagere. They carried out tissue culture test to find out if the claim made by Naaz was correct. They issued advisory that vegetables with high content of copper can lead to stomach problems.Naaz is planning to carry out more research on various related subjects; however, the laboratory has refused due to her tender age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11337756", "title": "Motorola Xoom tablet gets a price cut", "text": "NEW DELHI: Price cut seems to be the new weapon in the arsenal of tablet makers in India battling tough competition from Apple's iPad. After Reasearch In Motion (RIM), which recently slashed the prices of its PlayBook tablet by as much as 50%, it's now Motorola India.According to a report in Android OS, the company has reportedly slashed the prices of its Honeycomb-powered tablet Xoom in the Indian market. While the report doesn't mention the exact price cut, it states that various online stores are selling the tablet at sharply reduced prices.The report states that the online retailer Flipkart is selling the Wi-Fi 32GB version of the tablet for Rs 26,500, while Koovs is selling the same model for Rs 21,500 and the Wi-Fi+3G model for Rs 25,000.Earlier, the 32GB 3G version of Xoom was priced at Rs 33,000 and Wi-Fi version was selling for around Rs 31,000. Xoom is powered by a 1GHz NVIDIA Tegra 2 dual-core processor and 1GB of RAM. It sports a 10.1-inch display with a 1280 x 800 resolution , includes a 5 megapixel rear camera and a 2 megapixel front facing camera, HDMI output with 32GB of inbuilt memory which can be expanded with microSD cards. The tablet is also set to get the Ice Cream Sandwich update.Last week, the Canadian firm RIM slashed the prices of its PlayBook tablet by more than half to cash in on the festive season and rising demand for tablet PCs in India.Buoyed by the response, the company has now extended the discount, which was earlier slated to end on Dec 31, 2011, by a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11332838", "title": "Rainfall sends power supply for a toss in city", "text": "KANPUR: Heavy rainfall plunged several areas into darkness on Saturday night. Many pockets remained without power for over 12 hours. The routine power cuts added to the woes of the people.The waterlogging resulted into faults in underground power cables. In various other localities, there was no power even till Sunday evening. From Shivaji Nagar to Lal Bangla and from Civil Lines to Naubasta, there was no power.The first phase of power rostering took place at 11.45 pm on Saturday night. Various pockets, particularly localities of south Kanpur were plunged into darkness. The worst hit were Naubasta, Barra, Usmanpur, Saket Nagar, Keshav Nagar, Gulmohar Vihar and Shankracharya Nagar.Even in localities like Arya Nagar, Swaroop Nagar, Lajpat Nagar, Shivji Nagar, Sarvodaya Nagar and Lajpat Nagar, people were forced to stay without power. Areas like Lal Bangla, Ompurwa, Jaghiapurwa went without power for several hours.The second phase of power rostering took place in the morning. Kesco officials said that faults that had occurred in power cables and feeders which paralysed the supply. The linemen remained busy throughout the day. At several places, there were complaints that powermen done not attend the faults despite repeated complaints. Ranvir, a resident of Gulmohar Vihar, said that there was no power in his area for which he made several complaints but Kesco authorities did not listen to him. The area plunged into darkness at 11.45 pm on Saturday night and power was restored only at 7.45 pm on Sunday.Prateek of Govind Nagar said that his locality plunged into darkness and the power was not restored in a proper way. Power was restored and rostering was done again.The residents of Cantt, Shanti Nagar, Rail Bazaar, Khapra Mohal and Birhana Road were a harried lot.There was no power in Cantt area even at the time of filling this report. Kesco official AKS Chauhan said that heavy rainfall has caused faults in the underground cables. The staff is making efforts to restore supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333293", "title": "Bangalore integrates 250 robots every year", "text": "BANGALORE: We don't know if life will turn out like in the Will Smith starrer, I,Robot, where robots even think and emote on their own, but certainly we're on the way to robots doing a good deal of work for us.This is already happening at our doorstep - Bangalore is not only churning out 250 robots every year for the city and rest of the country, top companies here are deploying industrial robots to make cars, buses and other heavy vehicles apart from electronic gadgets.Already good at IT services, how good is Bangalore in robotics? Ajay Gopalswamy, CEO of Difacto Robotics and Automation, one of the few robotics companies in Bangalore, explains that robotics is doing fairly well in the city.\"Bangalore is a top centre when it comes to robot integration and distribution. Around six companies do the integration work in Bangalore,\" he says.\"Bangalore is home to three top robot importers - Fanuc, ABB and Yaskawa __and the headquarters of the first two are right here. The city integrates robots imported by these companies. While we haven't yet acquired expertise in manufacturing the robots ourselves, things are set to change from next year. A private company is focused on manufacture and we should be seeing an indigenous robot coming out of Bangalore mid -2012,\" says Gopalswamy.Bangalore has an academic profile too in robotics. Prof Ashitava Ghosal of IISc puts it in perspective: \"Every year 25 to 30 students choose the course. It is an inter-disciplinary subject and we invite students from electrical, electronics, computer science and mechanical engineering. VTU and many colleges in the city offer industrial robotics as an elective. There is no degree in robotics, but people specialize in robotics and acquire a mechanical engineering PhD.''Then there is significant research and application work being undertaken by the DRDO lab, Centre for Artificial Intelligence and Robotics ( CAIR). \"CAIR has developed and provided a number of technological solutions/products for the civilian sector like its system for the automatic processing of handwritten application forms, intelligent wheelchair for the physically challenged and laparoscopic surgery trainer,\" says a DRDO official.On the medical front too robots have come into Bangalore. Many hospitals offer robotic surgeries for cancer and other serious ailments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11330908", "title": "Father-son duo fined 10k each for molesting woman", "text": "PANAJI: A judicial magistrate first class court at Ponda recently convicted and sentenced Agnelo Fernandes and his son Severous to pay a fine of 10,000 each on charges of molestation of a woman at Shiroda in 2008.Judge Dvijple Patkar held the duo guilty under Section 354 (outraging modesty) of the Indian Penal Code. Severous was also convicted under Section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt) of the IPC and directed to pay a fine of 10,000.During the hearing of the case, the prosecution alleged that on May 23, 2008 , both the accused abused the victim and tore her dress. Subsequently, Severous attacked the victim with an iron rod on her forehead, the prosecution said.The accused's lawyer argued that his clients were falsely implicated in the case as there was a dispute between the two groups in the village.While holding the accused guilty, the court observed, \"The testimony of the victim with regard to the act of the accused of tearing her dress is reliable. The act establishes the offence under Section 354 of the IPC.\" The court also noted that the prosecution has proved beyond reasonable doubt that the accused no 2 (Severous) voluntarily caused hurt to the victim with the iron rod.Considering the fact that Agnelo is the only earning member of his family and his son being a young man, the court noted that sentencing them to pay fine would meet the ends of justice and would have deterrent effect.The court has directed that an amount of 5,000 shall be paid to the victim as compensation, if the fine is paid by the accused. Assistant public prosecutor R Dessai appeared for the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331688", "title": "Four killed in accidents in the city on New Year", "text": "KOLKATA: Four persons, including an eight-year-old child, died in three different accidents on city roads on the very first day of the year.In the wee hours of Sunday, Binod Kumar Tewari and Rajeeb Mazumdar - employees of a private finance company - were crushed by a speeding container laden trailer on Strand Road.Tewari, 46, and Mazumdar, 29, - from Bally and Belur in Howrah were on their way back on a motorcycle home on a motorcycle. \"They had been to an office party at Hungerford Street,\" said a police officer. None of them were wearing helmet and Tewari was driving the motorcycle.They collided head on with a trailer coming from the opposite directionat 20, Strand Road. The rear wheel of the truck mowed down Mazumdar and the bike which got stuck to the wheels was dragged for about a hundred metres. Due to friction the motorcycle caught fire. The flames also engulfed the truck gutting both vehicles. The trailer moved another hundred meters dragging the motorcycle and due to friction the motorcycle caught fire. Within moments the fire also engulfed the trailer spurred by the bike's leaking petrol.Both vehicles were gutted. The trailer driver somehow managed to escape abandoning the blazing vehicle. The biker duo was taken to Medical College and Hospital where they were declared dead. Police however confirmed that none of the victims were drunk.In another late night accident, a 19-year-old bike rider died in front of the Medical College and Hospital. Jiban Dutta was headed towards his Lake Town residence along with two friends on the pillion. Probe revealed that the bike skidded off and all three fell from the motorcycle. None of the riders had helmet and Dutta, a goldsmith, died of head injury. His two friends are now undergoing treatment.Sunday afternoon saw the death of an eight-year-old boy after an auto rickshaw overturned on him while he was walking down the road. Wasim Ali, a resident of Madan Mohan Burman Street of central Kolkata was walking along Mahatma Gandhi Road, at a safe distance from the passing vehicles.Around 11.45am, the driver of a west-bound auto rickshaw lost control and the vehicle overturned. The driver managed to save himself but the boy came under the vehicle. He sustained serious injuries and was declared dead after he was taken to Medical College and Hospital. As the news spread more than thousand locals gathered on the spot and set fire to the auto in protest. Initially police failed to disperse the irate mob. Officers from neighbouring police stations had to be roped in to control the situation. Finally after an hour the situation was managed. No one has been arrested till Sunday evening, said police.Meanwhile in Howrah, two bikers were killed and three seriously injured in two different accidents. The worst took place at Andul Road (near Sankrail) around 1.30am, when three 21-year-olds - Sunny Razzak, Bijon Das and Chotu Das - on a motorcycle were hit by a trailer. Sunny, a Shibpur resident, died before he could be taken to a hospital. The other two were reported to be serious. Chotu's condition is serious and he had to be shifted to a Kolkata hospital. Bijoy, seriously injured, is stated to be serious.The other accident took place on Sunday afternoon at Kona Expressway. Zakir Ali Mollah, 30, along with a pillon rider (yet to be identified), was on a motorcycle trying to cross the road when a trailer hit the bike. Mollah died on the spot while his companion was said to be serious. Locals blocked the Kona Expressway in protest for several minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332313", "title": "Noose for 59 in the last decade, HC confirms death in four cases", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the two accused in Chandni rape and murder case getting death penalty, the number of people sentenced to death by hanging in 2011 in Gujarat has gone up to 15. This is the second highest figure in the last decade after 17 persons were ordered to be hanged by different sessions courts across the state in 2004.In all, 59 persons tried in 36 different offences were sentenced to death in Gujarat in the last decade but the Gujarat high court confirmed the death penalty in four cases only, one of them being the Akshardham temple attack case, wherein three persons have been condemned to be hanged till death. Seventeen cases, including those of two drug peddlers and the cases of 2011, are still to be adjudged by the HC.The courts considered all these cases in 'the rarest of the rare' category and awarded capital punishment. All the cases involved multiple killings, abduction and killing of children and rape and murder of minor girls. Besides, the court awarded capital punishment in terror-related cases too, even when there was no bloodshed but large-scale conspiracy as part of cross-border terrorism was established.Of the four cases, wherein HC held that death sentence by trial courts were proper quantum of punishment, three cases involved people charged with rape and murder of particularly minor girls. Akshardham is the only terrorism related case, wherein the HC confirmed death penalty. All these cases are now before the Supreme Court for consideration.On the other hand, the HC acquitted accused persons in four such cases. They include a father-son duo from Saraspur area who were sentenced to death by trial court for killing five of their own family.In most of the cases, HC has commuted death sentence to life imprisonment. These cases include Salim Sheikh, the man who threw his five daughters in the Narmada river, four swamis of Vadtal temple who conspired and killed the head priest and four Pakistan nationals who infiltrated from the Kutch border with heavy ammunitions during the Kargil war.One Shahnawaz Bhat, who sneaked into India from Pakistan, was acquitted of charges of waging war against the nation and his death sentence was converted into life imprisonment by HC.This year, the special SIT court's awarding death penalty to 11 persons in the Godhra train burning incident has resulted in such a high number of death sentences. The only parallel is in 1947, when 11 persons were ordered to be hanged in Porbandar for an attack on the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330797", "title": "PIFF to highlight German cinemabe held from Jan 12 to 19", "text": "PUNE: The Pune International Film Festival (Piff) will be held in the city from January 12 to 19 and will focus especially on Germany and the various historic developments of the country. Being the official film festival of the state, the PIFF organisers have decided to introduce the red carpet from this year.Meanwhile, as many as 250 films will be screened at 10 screens across the city, including the National Film Archive of India.Director of Piff Jabbar Patel said, \"The Indo-German collaboration is completing 25 years in 2012 and, hence, we have selected films on and from Germany in the category of 'Country focus'. Beginning this year, another feature of the Piff will be the late Vijay Tendulkar Memorial Lecture. During the lecture series, senior critics will speak on various aspects of films and their social impact.\"Among the various other categories of films will be 'Indian cinema today' and 'Marathi cinema today' where contemporary movies will be screened. Film Division-produced documentaries on the lives of senior artists will be shown as a tribute to the selected artists, he added.The other locations for screenings include City Pride (Kothrud, Deccan, and Abhiruchi on Sinhagad road), E-square (University Road) and Inox. The main event of the festival will be held at City Pride (Kothrud).Among the new features, the red carpet will provide a dedicated passage for film industry personnel from the entrance to the theatre at City Pride (Kothrud), like at any other international film festival. Since the festival is likely to attract close to 10,000 delegates from the country and other continents, the arrangements need to be up to the mark, said one of the organisers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331422", "title": "Cobra found in Sewri, released in wild", "text": "MUMBAI: A five-and-a-half foot spectacled cobra sparked panic amongst locals of Sewri on New Year's Eve, when it entered an industrial area. A snake catcher, Bharat Joshi, was informed and the snake was rescued. It was released in the forest near Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338301", "title": "Khushbu's holiday in Malaysia", "text": "Khushbu spent her New Year in Malaysia on a work-cum-pleasure tripKhushbu spent her New Year in Malaysia with her children. The actress-producer-politician, who is currently shooting for a Malayalam film in Kuala Lampur, decided to make this trip of hers into a year-end holiday, where took her children along as well.\"While I was shooting on one side, I also took time out to take my children shopping and chill out in the trip. We ensured we had the most amount of fun. I only wish my husband had some time to come along with us for this little family trip that we made out of my work,\" says Khushbu. The actress will be returning to India to see her new television serial, which she has produced too, go on air in the first month of 2012. \"It is going to be an interesting and eventful 2012. I've many things lined up,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11333372", "title": "Governor\u2019s chosen 9 power Cong victory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The opposition has been crying hoarse ever since close relatives of at least two Congressmen were nominated to the newly-elected house of municipal corporation by UT administrator Shivraj Patil. On Sunday, Congress managed to win the mayoral elections despite getting only 11 seats as compared to 12 of SAD-BJP alliance. The Times of India had highlighted how the nominated lot was tilted towards the Congress on the day of nominations on December 21 last year. Though it was a secret ballot, the opposition alleged that Congress could have won only with the support of nine nominated members.It alleged it was no less than backdoor entry to grab the top three posts and that the list released by the governor house had played a vital role in defeating the public mandate, which was against the Congress party on all fronts.'Mandate against Congress'While talking to TOI, newly elected councillor from ward number 9 and party general secretary Arun Sood said, \"This is clear that the mandate was completely against the Congress in these MC polls. We, the BJP-SAD, won 12 seat while Congress won 11. Besides, all Congress bigwigs lost their seat. These factors clearly show that public gave the mandate to us, but by taking the help of governor office, Congress managed to get all the three seats.\" He further alleged that the governor office was misused to help Congress party win.Former mayor Harjinder Kaur said, \"The house and its every member must rise above the party politics and work to strengthen democracy.\" Congress president B B Behl said, \"BJP doesn't have anything to offer except allegations. They first levelled allegations against Congress, then governor house and then the CBI.\"Close relatives of at least two Congressmen have been nominated. Dr Amrit Tewari is the mother of Congress MP from Ludhiana Manish Tewari and Dr Shagufta Parveen is the daughter-in-law of former vice-president of Chandigarh Territorial Congress, Khaleel Ahmed.Not just this, the gap of nearly 48 hours between the announcement of MC poll results and declaration of the names of nine nominated councillors has also raised many eyebrows. During MC polls in 2006, the names were announced before the declaration of results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11332156", "title": "Jayalalithaa eyeing bigger role for AIADMK at national level", "text": "CHENNAI: Shutting the door firmly on Sasikalaa and her relatives, Jayalalithaa has said there is no question of readmitting them to the party and cautioned party functionaries to keep away from the betrayers. She had also warned the general council members that those who toed the betrayers' line would not be excused.\"Our leader wants to clean up everything. Now she is eyeing a bigger role for the party at the national level. She has clearly spelled out her plans for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Hereafter , she will never allow any kind of external influence in the government. Ministers who got Cabinet berths on the influence of Sasikalaa's family, would be relieved from the ministry,\" a senior AIADMK leader said.After and before the expulsion of Sasikalaa and her relatives from the party, their supporters in the ministry were under the scanner of the intelligence wing, sources said.\"As per a report submitted to the CM, more than 10 ministers have close contacts with Sasikalaa and her kin. Moreover, these ministers are incapable of handling the ministry. Their political secretaries, who were appointed by the expelled team, have been playing major roles in the respective departments. Two ministers from the central zone are still in touch with Sasikalaa's brother VK Divakaran,\" a source said.\"The chief minister waited for the general council meeting. Now she has clearly conveyed her message to functionaries. She removed many leaders in Sasikalaa's native place Mannargudi a couple of days ago as they were maintaining close ties with Divakaran,\" a senior MP pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11333162", "title": "Huge turnout on first day of Navavarsha Mahotsav", "text": "GUWAHATI: Thousands of city residents turned up on the first day of the 13th Navavarsha Mahotsav at Srimanta Sankaradeva Kalakshetra on Sunday with the festive spirit the New Year reflecting in the crowd of happy faces.The first day of the year, generally marked as an occasion for an outing for many people in the city, turned out cold and crisp. The scene at Kalakshetra was clearly a festive one as people of all age groups accompanied by their families and friends thronged the cultural centre to participate in the Navavarsha Mahotsav.Some even spread bedcovers on the manicured lawn to bask in the winter sun and take in the sights and sounds as they tucked into dabbas full of home-cooked food, making for a picnic of sorts. For the children present, the Kalakshetra was transformed into an amusement park with unlimited fun and joy.The five-day event was inaugurated by chief minister Tarun Gogoi who wished everyone a happy beginning to the New Year and said 2012 should usher in an atmosphere of peace and tranquility. Gogoi also stated that the government was trying to restore peace to Assam and was seeking solutions to solve the burning issues afflicting the state and its people.\"Since it is the first day of the year, we've come here to enjoy the day and spend it with family and friends. We thought of going to some other place but decided that the Kalakshetra would be an ideal venue because most restaurants and parks would be full to the brim New Year revelers. Besides, the Kalakshetra provides an ambience of peace and tranquility which is perfect for families,\" said Bimal Kumar Choudhury, a city resident.The gleeful children seemed to make the most of the day and enjoyed themselves to the hilt with the New Year festival offering them many options to choose from.\"I have come with my father and mother and am eagerly waiting to take a ride on the sky train. I am also waiting for the circling ride, the puppet show, performances by traditional drummers and also for the bullock cart ride,\" said Ananya Chatterjee, a six-year-old eagerly waiting for the sky train, a toy train that ferries children and adults alike for an elevated ride giving them an overview of the premises.\"The first day of the event saw a turnout of atleast six to eight thousand\" a Kalakshetra official said.The scene at the Kalakshetra was a festive one as people of all age groups accompanied by families and friends thronged the cultural centre to participate in the New Year fest", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11331214", "title": "NMC polls: Stalwarts brace for proxy fight", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic elections this year will undoubtedly be a proxy fight between BJP national president Nitin Gakari and seven-time MP and All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary Vilas Muttemwar .Both the BJP, the ruling party at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), and the Congress are expecting to win at least 80 out of the 145 seats. The elections are slated for February.To woo voters, Gadkari has started talking about the development works undertaken by his party. To negate the advantage of his rival, Muttemwar is pointing out various irregularities committed by the current regime. To score political points, Muttemwar is also comparing the BJP's performance with that of his party when it was in power from 2002 to 2007.Despite being national leaders, Gadkari and Muttemwar are giving a lot of importance to the local elections which have now become a prestige issue for the political stalwarts.\"The civic elections are important for me because I represent the city in the Lok Sabha. There's a huge difference between parliament and civic elections. Parties fight civic elections on issues like basic amenities limited only to the city. I will ensure that the Congress party emerges victorious ,\" said Muttemwar.\" Our two mayors Vikas Thakre and Naresh Gawande had no allegations against them. But the picture is totally different when it comes to BJP leaders who have been exposed before the public because of their involvement in various scams. We were in the opposition for five years due to infighting within the party. All that is now a thing of the past. We are now working as a team to throw BJP out of the NMC,\" he said.Leader of opposition in NMC Vikas Thakre said, \"In the present scenario, the Congress party has just 37 corporators. In the coming elections, we expect to win at least 80 seats. Congress is the only party which can take the city forward because of support from the state and centre.\"Congress also has the backing of powerful leaders like state ministers Nitin Raut, Rajendra Mulak, Rajya Sabha MPs Vijay Darda and Avinash Pande, AICC secretary Anees Ahmed, former minister Satish Chaturvedi and legislators SQ Zama and Dinanath Padole.If Congress manag es to work out an alliance then NCP ministers like Anil Deshmukh will certainly bolster the party's prospects.Though Gadkari was not available for comment, city BJP president and senior corporator Anil Sole said that when voters compare the performance of the two parties, they will know which one is better.\"We have given the city projects like cement roads, solid treatment, utilization of treated sewage water and 24X7 water supply. Even union minister Kamal Nath declared NMC as a role model in water works projects. Under the leadership of Nitin Gadkari , we will better our tally to over 80 seats from current 56,\" said Sole.MLAs Devendra Fadnavis, Sudhakar Deshmukh, Krishna Khopde and Vikas Kumbhare will definitely leave no stone unturned to help the BJP win as many seats possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11332816", "title": "11 special couples start new innings", "text": "ALLAHABAD: New Year ushered joy and happiness for these physically disabled as around 11 couples tied nuptial knots at a community wedding ceremony organised at Rajarshi Tandon Sewa Kendra on Sunday in the presence of senior officials including the district magistrate (DM). On this occasion seven handicapped persons were also felicitated by the authorities for their outstanding contribution in the field of social work.However it was handicapped child artist and stand up comedian from Rajkot, Jai Chaniyara who became the cynosure of all eyes with his performance on the stage, which sent audience into peels of laughter. Alongwith him, others who were felicitated on this occasion include Neeta Bahadur from Lucknow, Shankar Lal Gupta from Chitrakoot, Prof S C Gupta, D P Agarwal from Raipur, Vimal Jain from Patna and Rekha Kalra from Indore.The authorities had also made preparations for preparing rail and bus passes for handicapped persons to the spot alongwith distribution of handicapped certificates. Around 50 persons also registered themselves for voluntary eye donation, while another 35 pledged to donate their organs.Addressing the gathering DM, Alok Kumar said that small efforts on our part can make the life of handicapped persons more beautiful and meaningful. The need is to bring out the hidden talent of handicapped persons because every handicapped person has some unique quality which he can display after proper encouragement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11332680", "title": "Poor salaries, bleak prospects, workload drive women away", "text": "BANGALORE: If swift corrective measures are not initiated, the nursing shortage could be a prescription for danger, caution experts. Recurrent shortages of nurses is a complex issue, with causes stemming from training as well as compensation and retention.Admitting it, Sujata Pinto, Nurse in-chage of ICU at Hosmat Hospital, says: ``Today, the inflation rate has been rising but nurses' salaries have remained almost the same. Nurses have the option of choosing better-paying professions like engineering or teaching. Also the workload has increased. To improve the clinical skills of nurses we need more nursing colleges to be attached to hospitals so that nurses get hands-on experience.''The sticky issue is salary. Saroja Jayakumar, chief nursing officer, Manipal Hospital, says: \"The prime reason is poor salary. A nurse in foreign countries earns around Rs 2 lakh per month. But in India, the salary is between Rs 10,000 and Rs 50,000 depending on the experience.\"Says Dr Ajith Benedict Royan, vice-president, medical administration, Hosmat Hospital and Nursing College: \"Earlier, we had many women from Kerala opting for this profession. But, today, nursing is found less lucrative compared to other professions like engineering. Nurses from Kerala also prefer to work in foreign countries as they have an opportunity to earn high salaries there. We have seen men coming to this profession, but their number is not very high,\"Suggesting enhancement of skills, Dr Devi Prasad Shetty, chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya, says: \"In India, there is no career for nurses. In countries like the US, graduate nurses can pursue courses in anesthesia to become nurse-anesthetists. They can also become interventionists and earn as much as a doctor. But no such training is available for nurses in India. Unless our policy-makers take concrete steps in enhancing syllabus for nursing, there is not much hope.''Another reason is lack of clinical facilities in nursing colleges.\"Southern states have about 860 nursing colleges, but teaching facilities are not up to the mark. Not many women in Karnataka choose this profession compared to their counterparts in Kerala and north-eastern states like Manipur and Meghalaya. This has brought down the number of nurses comprehensively in the state,\" says Dr S S Prabhudeva, principal, MS Ramaiah Medical College, and former dean, Faculty of Nursing, Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences.The gravity of the nursing shortage defies simple solutions. One measure that could jump-start a transformation could be specialization in nursing courses to have nurse interventionists and nurse anaesthetists, suggest experts. They also emphasize on the need to train nurses and midwives for primary health centres.Another suggestion is that nursing schools need to reassess the types of programmes and degrees they offer to attract and retain more students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11333631", "title": "Drinking leading to \u2018risky sex\u2019 among teens", "text": "LONDON: Drinking is fuelling an epidemic of \"risky sex\" among teenagers, leading to pregnancies and spread of diseases, doctors in Britain have warned. According to the Royal College of Physicians in the UK, a number of teenagers have admitted going too far sexually while drunk, leading to pregnancies and infections, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The college has urged doctors and nurses to ask teenagers about their drinking habits when they turn up to sexual health clinics for contraception or the morning-after pill. It said that around one million teenagers attend sexual health clinics every year to get free contraception , the morning-after pill or to undergo tests and treatment for sexually transmitted infections.The college said this provides doctors and nurses with a \"key opportunity\" to find out about youngsters' drinking habits and warn them about the dangers of going overboard.The organization highlighted research showing that a fifth of 14 and 15-yearold girls said they did more sexually than they wanted to while drunk.And more than 80% of 16 to 30-year-olds said they drank before sexual activity.Janet Wilson of the British Association for Sexual Health and HIV, who helped write the report, said: \"A sexual health check-up is the ideal time to broach the subject, to find the one in five young people attending our clinics who are at most risk and give them structured advice around alcohol consumption, referring to alcohol services where appropriate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11331001", "title": "218 booked for drunk driving, 74 for speeding on New Year\u2019s eve", "text": "NAGPUR: Alert city police ensured that the mass celebration on the rain-drenched New Year's Eve was peaceful. Though there were a couple of deaths in accidents, police said the New Year's frenzy did not lead to any major incident.Police booked 218 for drunk driving and another 74 for speeding during the celebration period.On Sunday morning, 30-year-old Gokulram Yadav's bike slipped on the Chikhli Flyover while heading to his residence at Dhammadeep Nagar. Yadav, a casual worker at Itwari, sustained head injuries following the fall and died on the spot.His wife is eight months pregnant. Police did not rule out his driving under the influence of liquor. Kalamna police have registered a case against the deceased. Yadav was driving without a helmet.Senior citizen Deokabai Sinha too was declared dead on Sunday morning at Government medical college and hospital. On December 31, the 60-year-old woman had become the victim of a hit-and-run case. She was crossing the road on Kalamna Ring Road when an unidentified truck hit her and fled the spot. Yashodhara Nagar police have registered a case.On Sunday, in an incident near Dongargaon, an unidentified vehicle fled the spot after ramming a bike on Wardha Road. Pillion rider Gajanan Wasad died on the spot after sustaining head injury while driver Jagdish Bopche escaped with minor injuries.Also, on December 31, 45-year-old Bhojraj Bopche was killed on the spot after being hit by a biker on Wathoda Ring road. Bopche was returning on foot after making purchases in a market. In another separate incident, Santosh Sahu, 38, was killed in a road accident near Kelvad while heading to a religious venue on his bike.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said that wide media publicity about bandobast coupled with strict vigil ensured that hooliganism and stunts with bikes were curtailed to almost nil. \"Police were all set to send hooligans to the lock-up, none were caught,\" said the CP. \"The routine cases of drunk driving and speeding were noticed, but the numbers were lesser than expected,\" said Dhanvijay.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade said policing was so strict that there was no scope for rash driving and creating ruckus. \"There had been accidents but they were mostly due to own negligence. The biker at Kalamna slipped on his own and was injured in the fall, leading to his death. Similarly, a senior citizen on foot was knocked down by a trucker early morning,\" said Dabhade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332129", "title": "Congress leader Bhavan Bharwad joins BJP", "text": "Ahmedabad: Former Congress MLA from Limdi and a Rabari community leader, Bhavan Bharwad has changed sides to join BJP. Bharwad will be sworn into BJP in presence of chief minister Narendra Modi during a function at the party's office on January 3.Bharwad joined police force as a constable in 1974 and quit 'khakhi' in 1987 to join politics. As a Congress leader, he was known for his clout among his community members.Bharwad won the state assembly seat in Limdi in 2002 on Congress ticket, but was defeated by BJP Kshatriya leader Kirisinh Rana during 2007 elections.Insiders said that Bharwad joining BJP will help the party gain ground in Ahmedabad rural, Gandhinagar, Surendranagar and few South Gujarat constituencies where the Bharwad and Rabari communities are dominant. \"There is a close to 30 lakh Bharwad community voters which is around five per cent voting population of Gujarat. The community is dominant in the rural constituencies especially Sanand, Surendranagar, Navsari, Valsad, Bavla, Dhandhuka and few seats in Bhavnagar. With presence of Bharwad, who has been a staunch Congressman for a few years now, BJP can make a dent into the Congress vote bank,\" said a BJP insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330788", "title": "Two killed in separate motorcycle accidents", "text": "PUNE: Two persons were killed in two separate incidents involving two-wheelers at Hinjewadi and Hadapsar on the first day of the new year.In the first incident, 25-year-old Amol Gawai, who was riding pillion on a motorcycle was killed and Manuel Das (28) of Morwadi, who was driving the vehicle, was injured, after Das lost control over the vehicle and rammed a divider on Hinjweadi-Wakad Road at 12.30 am on Sunday.The Hinjewadi police said Das has not been arrested yet. The police however suspect that the suspect was driving under the influence of alcohol. The medical report is still awaited.In the second accident, Eknath Aaran was killed after the motorcycle he was driving hit by an unidentified vehicle near a petrol pump at Gadital at 10.45 pm on Saturday.According to the Hadapsar police the unidentified vehicle fled the scene of the accident without informing the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336654", "title": "A fan-tastic move by Aman Verma", "text": "Full time access to social networking sites have become a part of every actor's life today and Aman Verma, who is currently seen in the serial \" Choti Bahu\", is no exception, as he feels that it's a great medium to interact with his fans. Aman keeps in touch with his admirers on Facebook fanpage and Twitter account religiously like his daily chores.Once a new starter now is a pro with his quick communication. He likes to reply to all the feedback he receives and also ensures to thank everyone for their compliments.In addition he posts photos, infotainment posts and whole lot of incident updates about his days. Post his breakfast, on his way to meetings or shoots and in between various shots, you would catch the actor interacting and chatting. Who says actors don't get to socialize, now they do all of that virtually!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "11332161", "title": "City athletes raring to perform in national rural games", "text": "GND STADIUM: They are young and restless but know what they want in life. Two city athletes are Kolkata-bound for taking part in the national rural games that are going to be held from January 4. Prashant Sharma and Gaurav Kumar are excited about the competition.Fifteen-year-old Prashant said as he had won three gold medals in the state rural games that were held in Patiala, he was selected for nationals. He said his morale is high and he is sure of winning some medal in the national meet also.A student of Class X in GMT School, Prashant feels that the national meet would give him a lot of exposure. \"In Kolkata, I will participate in 400 metres race and also be a part of state team for relay race,'' he said. A resident of Salem Tabri, Prashant was fascinated by sports from childhood, so he decided to take it up professionally. \"In the beginning, I took athletics casually but later started taking professional coaching,'' he said.Gaurav, too, is excited and planning his moves for the meet. He said his performance in the state rural games was satisfactory as he won a gold medal. He said he had won three gold medals in state school games also. He is hoping to do well in nationals and clinching a medal. He said he would participate in 4X100 relay race. A student of Class VIII in Nav Bharti School, Gaurav said sports is his passion and he wants to make his career in athletics. Both athletes used to practice in Guru Nanak Dev Stadium under the supervision of coach Sanjeev Sharma.Sanjeev said he hope that his trainees win medals in the national meet, as they are performing well and have a good stamina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333276", "title": "Pushing music beyond limit", "text": "BANGALORE: Music is said to be what life sounds like, allowing one to speak where words fail. What could be a better way to express the journey than to put it across lyrically? This music band from Bangalore does the same, sharing high-energy and positive music that perhaps springs from their urge to contribute towards the society.Pushing Tin, a four-member band that is into rock, blues, jazz and alternative music, apart from creating infectious music, does its bit for the environment, HIV-infected children and shelterless animals.The band joined hands with an NGO, working for women and children struggling due to HIV/AIDS in the city, for the month of December to spread the social message through melody. \"We wanted this month to be one of sharing and creating a strong impact. As a band we want to bring smile on the faces of these children. We might involve them in one of our music videos where they would be singing too,\" says Vishal Periera, the band manager.With Vikshut Mundkur (vocalist), Mark Escottee (lead guitarist), Ashley Joseph (bass) and Romit Shilpe (drums) as members, the band started their journey six years back though not without their share of struggle. They made a comeback of sorts with one performance after the other at different locations across the city under 'Fight HIV/AIDS through music' banner.Music is the common link between the band members who otherwise share varied interests. Ashley is the only one whose work and passion is music. He runs a music school with 150 students in the age group of 3 to 80 years. Vikshut works with a company that is into solar lighting and spends his weekends volunteering for 'Youth For Sewa', an NGO that is into environmental initiatives. He is also studying renewable energy. Mark is into post-production of movies and Romit is a software professional who holds a licence with BBMP to rescue animals.\"Wildlife rehab started around eight years ago when I met an inspiring person/wildlife rehabilitator. The love for nature and everything simple seemed to align itself with the fact that we, as a race, have tipped the scales of the planet. I am now trying to work towards general habitat building. For every baby owl we rescue, rehabilitate and release, there are five more that need help due to poisoning or simply because of lack of a nice tree house,\" says Romit.Ask them about their favourite songs from their work, 'Colors' and 'Learn to Funk' top the list. 'Colors' is a green song that talks about environment while 'Learn to Funk' is a fun number that goes well with the young audience who like to hum along every time the band performs, say the members. Their music is not stagnant, have something new to offer to the music lovers, something they might not be expecting. \"We do not want to limit our music,\" says Vikshut. The group takes out time as often as they can for music. None has formal training in music. The group, in their late 20s, says they would not like to attach themselves to a particular age group.Their music, which began at a coffee shop six years back, will soon make it to the studios where they will record their first album.\"We have our own things going on and so we have to make music happen. We have a lot of stuff on our plate but despite that we keep the band going. We enjoy what we play and the audience reciprocate it with their love and admiration during the shows,\" says Mark.Ask them why the name 'Pushing Tin', they say: 'We are not exactly Angelina Jolie fans. It is nothing to do with the 1999 comedy-drama movie 'Pushing Tin'. We saw the name printed on someone's T-shirt and it somehow remained with us. Moreover, we believe in pushing our music beyond its limit and hence the name.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11331851", "title": "Traffic awareness week from Jan 4", "text": "RANCHI: A traffic rule awareness week will be organized here to help people get conversant with the norms of smooth driving and prevent accidental deaths.The move has been initiated by the traffic police after the drive to check helmet was taken. Even after the helmet checking drive began, some people do not wear helmets or use the fancy ones which can be broken in one blow.\"We will organize the traffic rule awareness week at Albert Ekka Chowk and other important spots of the city. I am sure this programme will be helpful to reduce the number of accidents in the city,\" said traffic SP Ranjit Prasad.The awareness week was to start on January 1 and at some places banners have also been put up, but it has to be postponed because of heavy rain. \"We had all the plans to start it today but the roads are empty because of heavy rains so there will be nobody to listen to us. Now we will start the week on January 4 and will continue till January 10,\" said Prasad.Pamphlets will be distributed among people and posters and banners will be put up throughout the city.The idea is also being appreciated by the local peopel. Rajneesh, a resident, said, \"It is a good idea to inform people about the rules. Many people know how to drive and have license, but they do not have any knowledge about the rules.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336841", "title": "We need to create avenues for theater artists: Nadira Babbar", "text": "\"It's high time we help the local theater artists in their placements and in getting them opportunity to work or else the art is going to suffer a big dent and the youngsters will stop taking theater serious given the financial disadvantage associated with the art is demotivating them,\" claims one of the renowned theater artists and actress Nadira Babbar, adding, \"I am associated with this field for about 42 years and it is my observation that these small cities produce one of the finest actors.Just because most of them are not able to get work which can help them maintain a better living, many youngsters in the absence of opportunities are pulling out. We need to help them.\"Wife of actor-turned-politician Raj Babbar , Nadira was here to participate in a Pakistan-India 8 joint convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "shamsher avenue", "code": "11332054", "title": "A garden of 1,000 plants is family legacy", "text": "SHAMSHER AVENUE: Walk into the Grewal home's main gate at Shamsher Avenue and you are instantly transported into another world. Long rows of 200 silver oaks line either sides of the driveway leading up to their garden and the house it has nestled in the centre.Spanning over 1.75 acres land, the house is an exceptional story of green revolution and pokes fun at anybody who calls Ludhiana a \"dusty city''. The owner, Avninder Singh Grewal, who spends some months in Canada and others in the city, said the garden is a legacy from his grandfather and has become his lifeline, without which he cannot imagine an existence.\"During partition, my grandfather Subedar Kishan Singh moved to India from Pakistan and the government allotted him land in Barewal area of the city, where he set up a farmhouse,'' said Avinder.Later his father Kartar Singh Shamsher, who was a Punjabi literary person, took charge of the farmhouse and many of his literary friends began visiting it to write at leisure.In 1989, Avinder developed the colony, Shamsher Avenue, on part of the ancestral property. \"In 1993 I renovated the farmhouse and designed the garden in a proper way,'' he said.The Grewal's garden is divided in two parts with the house at the centre. \"There are approximately 1,000 plants of different varieties and around 200 trees that include mango, guava, peer, loquat and sapodilla,'' said Avinder.\"Whenever I am in town, I try and spend as much time as possible in the garden and my friends who come to visit also ask to sit out among the plants and trees,'' he said.To maintain the garden, Avinder has employed two gardeners and insists that they do not use any chemical fertilizers. \"I like to use only natural fertilizers like cow dung and the residue of trees for my garden. I have also brought two grass trimming machines from Canada and installed 50 sprinklers in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337349", "title": "Vettai versus Nanban!", "text": "It's official now that Nanban and Vettai will be released within a few days gap during the Pongal weekend.These are the two big films that will kickstart the Kollywood innings in the new year. While Nanban, the remake of 3 idiots, features Vijay, Jiiva and Srikanth in lead roles, Vettai is a multi-starrer featuring Arya, Madhavan, Sameera and Amala Paul in the lead roles.Meanwhile, Lingusamy and Shankar - the directors of Vettai and Nanban respectively - seem to be bonding big-time in recent times. Shankar went out of his way to attend the audio launch of Vettai held some time ago. \"I'll be happy if my film collected even one rupee lesser than what Nanban collects at the box office,\" Lingusamy said during the launch, hinting at that time itself that the films might be released close to each other.Besides, the latest rumour doing the rounds is that that the Vettai filmmaker might do a film with none other than Kamal Haaasan next and that the script of that will be Shankar's! If this film does get started it will be a treat for Kollywood fans as the combination of Lingusamy and Shankar will provide for some high-on-octane excitement indeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337883", "title": "Richa Gangopadhyay shoots in Kolkata", "text": "Looks like the year 2012 has started on a good note for actress Richa. The Mayakkam Enna girl is currently in Kolkata, shooting for her first Bengali film.\"I'm back in Kolkata to wrap the first schedule of my Bengali film. First shoot in 2012 is going well. I'm having fun on the sets and feels like I'm at home. Learning a lot from my director Rajibda,\" she tweeted. Interestingly, the film is touted to be a remake of the Tamil hit Siruthai, which in turn, was a remake of the Tollywood film Vikramakudu. Richa is supposedly reprising the role made memorable by Tamannaah in the Tamil version. Meanwhile, Richa, who was last see in Osthe, is yet to decide on her next Tamil project.Disclaimer :- The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended solely for the addressee or addressees. If you are not an intended recipient, please delete the message and any attachments and notify the sender of misdelivery. Any use or disclosure of the contents of either is unauthorised and may be unlawful. All liability for viruses is excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender, except where the sender states them, with requisite authority, to be those of the specific TIMES GROUP company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11331473", "title": "Now, students allege question out of the syllabus", "text": "BHOPAL: Students of Master of Business Administration (MBA) third semester affiliated to the Makhanlal Chaturvedi University have alleged that the university has let them down as the questions asked in the exam were out of syllabus. TOI had published a story on Saturday regarding the discrepancy in the maximum marks for the paper and marks allotted to every questions.The incident took place when MBA students appeared in the third semester exam on Entertainment Media Communication Research paper. Students alleged that they were shocked after going through the paper. \"They asked questions which were not in the syllabus. We did our preparation according to the syllabus provided by the university but all five units asked in the question paper were out of the syllabus,\" a student, on the condition of anonymity said. The exam was organised on December 30.Surprisingly, when contacted, the head of the department Amitabh Bhatnagar said that he was not the right person to talk about the issue.\"I am on leave and out of the station. I am not the right person to say anything on the issue. You should talk to the exam controller, Rajesh Pathak, to get details,\" Bhatnagar said.Interestingly, when this correspondent asked about the syllabus of the exam, HOD Bhatnagar said, \"It is not possible to provide syllabus.\" On the other hand, students claimed that 15 students have written to the Makhanlal Chaturvedi University protesting the same.\"The questions they asked were from the syllabus of mass communication. Few questions they asked from the first semester's syllabus. It was not possible to answer those questions. I left the answer sheet blank without attempting most of the questions,\" another student alleged, on the condition of anonymity.On being asked about the goof-up, exam controller, surprisingly, replied, \"You should talk to the HOD Amithabh Bhatnagar. I am not the right person to talk about it.The questions they asked were from the syllabus of mass communication. I left the answer sheet blank without attempting most of the questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338632", "title": "'Players' is Abhishek and my film: Sonam Kapoor", "text": "Players may have big names like Bipasha Basu, Bobby Deol and Neil Nitin Mukesh but Sonam Kapoor says the multi-starrer film belongs to her and co-star Abhishek Bachchan.The 26-year-old actress, who will be seen opposite Abhishek after Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's 'Dilli 6', said she plays the lead in every multi-starrer.\"I have always been the lead in my multi-starrer films. Abhishek and I were the lead in 'Dilli 6', 'Thank You' was about me and Akshay, 'Aisha' was all me and even now 'Players' is about Abhishek and I. The onus is on me as a lead. But at the same time there are so many supporting people in the film who help you make it a better product,\" Sonam told PTI.'Players', which is a remake of the Hollywood action thriller 'The Italian Job', will see Sonam in a rebellious avatar after playing a demure role in her last film 'Mausam'.\"My character Naina resembles what I am in my real life. She is rebellious but at the same time she is nice. Just out of college, she is a computer whiz-kid who agrees to be the part of a gold heist, where she has to hack the system to get valuable information, just because she is crazy for Abhishek in the film,\" she said.Her co-star Bipasha's bikini shots in the film are being talked about and Sonam too has got a funky wardrobe designed by her younger sister Rhea Kapoor.\"I feel Rhea has done a fabulous job in the film. Her garments have done wonders to my character. She has understood my character quite well and have designed clothes accordingly,\" Sonam said.She had to lose weight to look more edgy for the character and soon Sonam will be seen donning a bikini for an upcoming project.\"This year my audience will see me in a sexy body. I had to undergo a particular weight training for 'Players'. I am also taking classes for power and vikram yoga because I want to have the best body,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338299", "title": "Subrat's missing Kolkata", "text": "The lure of Kolkata is too strong to resist, feels Subrat Dutta.The Bengali actor, who lives in Mumbai, was in the city for Subrata Sen's \" Koyekti Meyer Golpo\" in the last week of December. \"I play a blind man in film. Even if the screen time is not much, the character is integral to the plot. In the film, I am paired opposite Parno Mittra,\" he revealed.The actor, who became a father last year, finds it difficult to spend much time away from his family. But there's no stopping him from coming to the city. \"I so wanted to be here in the city. If I stay away from it for a long time, I start missing Kolkata. It feels great to be amidst friends ,\" he said.So, what about doing more Bengali films? \"I had to give quite a few good offers a miss because of date problems and other commitments. But in 2012, I'll consider good Bengali films. I'm hoping that a lot will come my way. Even if I live in Mumbai, I go through DVDs of all the films released in Bengal and I must say, there's great work happening in Tollywood,\" the actor signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11333742", "title": "Lighting the lives of hopeful students", "text": "DHARWAD: Vijay Dhang, a student from Sankeshwar in Belgaum district had secured 285th rank in CET after securing 87% in PUC II Science and was aspiring to join engineering course. But his hopes were on the verge of being dashed as his father, an employee with the sugar factory, was finding it difficult to mobilize Rs 25,000 for payment during CET admission round.However he borrowed the money from his friends and Vijay could finally take a seat for computer science course at BVB College of Engineering in Hubli.But his worries were not over as funding further education was a major problem. Thanks to timely assistance by NGO Vidya Poshak, he could complete the course and is now employed with Infosys Technologies and is earning Rs 23,000 per month.Suchetana Shetty, hailing from a remote village in Uttara Kannada district had secured 88.16% marks in PUC II Science and wanted to become an engineer and work for a MNC. Her father being the owner of a small pan shop, she was groping in the dark, unable to find the source of funds for further education. Vidya Poshak stepped in to help her do her BE at Bagalkot and now she is working for Tata Consultancy Service and drawing a salary of Rs 27,000 per month. Amrutraj Joshi of Dharwad, after securing 771st rank in All India GATE examination was in a similar situation and with support from Vidya Poshak he is now doing MS in communication at IIT Chennai.There are over 13,000 such students whose life has changed for better thanks to Vidya Poshak. Operating in 19 districts of Karnataka and five in Maharashtra, Vidya Poshak has extended financial assistance to the tune of Rs 100 millions.Speaking to TOI, founder member and honorary secretary R N Tikot said, \"Our effort is to save those who discontinue education for want of money and make them realize their potential and abilities. This will help in saving loss of talented human resource, abilities for society in general\". Infosys Foundation, Sir Ratan Tata Trust, SUPRAJA Foundation, Sir Dorabaji Tata Trust, Mumbai, Jindal Trust, The Deshpande Foundation-USA, and Microsoft have joined hands with Vidya Poshak.Of the youths who have benefited, about 99% are from rural areas and from vernacular medium of education till Class X.Started in 2001 by a few like-minded friends to help the needy meritorious students irrespective of their caste and creed and ensure a bright future for them, Vidya Poshak also extends library support to such scholars as well as for other student community. \"By assisting and encouraging meritorious students from financial difficult background, thousands of families have successfully come out of abject poverty today,\" Tikot explained.The organization has a unique way of identifying the beneficiaries. Armed with a band of dedicated volunteers the applications are scrutinized and the houses of applicants are visited to assess poverty. While those really deserving would get the assistance there is no chance for those trying to take undue advantage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11332160", "title": "Year-old rape and murder case solved, one arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police finally got their man in a case that remained unsolved for a little over a year. What was initially made out to be a case of accidental death - a girl strangled by her dupatta caught in a motorbike's wheel - has turned out to be rape and murder.Forensic investigators detected the crime and helped police nab the killer. \"The postmortem and forensic reports have finally confirmed our suspicions about Jadav's story. He was arrested on Sunday and produced him before a court. Jadav is now on a four-day remand with us,\" said V K Zala, inspector of Sola police station.Jadav, 30, has confessed that he had taken Puja to farms near Heritage House on Shilaj road and raped her. When she threatened to expose him, he strangled her with a nylon rope. He then tied the body to himself and drove to Shilaj-Thaltej road and then called his friends.On December 16m, Puja Nayak, a resident of Gujarat Housing Board Colony in Gota who worked at a BPO, was brought dead to Sola Civil Hospital by her colleague Rakesh Jadav on SG Highway. Jadav told police, Puja left her workplace early because she was not feeling well and then went to a colleague, Dhara's home nearby. Later, Dhara requested him to drop Puja home since it was getting late.Jadav claimed that at 8.50 pm on the Thaltej-Shilaj road Puja's dupatta got entangled in the bike's wheel and she was strangled to death. Jadav then called up friends and took her to Sola Civil Hospital where she was declared brought dead.\"The post mortem report said that the strangulation marks on the victim's neck were much smaller than a mark that would be made by a dupatta. This means that she was strangled with a thinner object. Second, the doctors found semen from her body parts. These factors clearly raised suspicion on Jadav's statement,\" said Zala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11332061", "title": "New Year: Police, paramedics kept on toes", "text": "CHENNAI: Emergency services staff were on their toes and police were out in full strength but the revelry was generally under control as the city partied till the wee hours of Sunday to usher in the New Year. However, it was not all fun and eight fatal accidents and 22 non-fatal ones were reported from across the city and its suburbs.No one was booked for over-speeding or drunk driving, police said. The traffic police admitted that it was tough to do the balancing act. \"If we are too strict, no can have fun but if we are too lenient, there won't be any discipline,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora.\"Our entire staff of 3,000 was there on the streets till 3am. After that, 20% remained.\" This year, the crowd was more or less disciplined, police said.\"Filtering becomes very difficult when we are handling such a large crowd. Of the three fatal accidents reported, two cases involved people falling on their own,\" said Arora.Revellers were surprised by the attitude of the law-enforcers.\"Though I was in control, I was little tipsy. I thought the coming year was going to be spoilt when I saw a policeman waving me to a stop. But surprisingly, I was just told to call my friend to come and pick me up,\" said Suraj Kumar, who partied till 2am in Nungambakkam. Most of what little trouble occurred happened only in a few areas \"like Kamaraj Salai (Marina Beach Road ), East Coast Road and Santhome High Road. And these are not much of residential areas,\" said Arora.Several people returning home late reported seeing a lot of boisterous activity on the roads. \"On Radhakrishnan Salai, I saw group after group of bikers screaming as they drove past. Some even drove with the side stands of their vehicles scraping the road, making sparks fly,\" said Anand Raj, who was going home after late dinner. Some were not amused. In Adyar, strangers became friends as bottles of beer were passed between moving vehicles.\"This is extremely foolish. People seem to think that anything goes in the name of merriment,\" said Alicia Stephen, who saw one such act. Emergency services staff said they had their hands full. \"This year there was an unusual surge in the number of calls that continued well after 4am. Even through Sunday, the number of emergency calls remained higher than usual,\" said an informed source from the 108 service.\"It looks like hangovers were responsible for some of the accidents as the number of calls went up higher than usual after 8am on Sunday. Most of the calls were about road accidents and two-wheelers accounted for some 40% of the cases,\" added the source.Officials at the Government General Hospital claimed a huge drop in the number of casualties admitted. While 108 people were admitted from 8pm to 7am on December 31, 2010 and the number rose to 148 in the next 12 hours, this year, only 48 were admitted between 8pm and 7am, they said.Around 50% were discharged by Sunday night, they added. \"Last year, there no space to walk in the casualty ward. This year has been a major improvement,\" said resident medical officer Anand Pratap. There was one \"brought dead\" case this year, compared to 9-10 last year, he added.\"This could be because of better awareness and police restriction.\" Police and officials from emergency services said a lot of precautionary measures were taken. \"We have 32 ambulances but police lent 25 of their Innovas, Boleros and Scorpios so that the ambulances could be kept free for bigger emergencies,\" said a source from 108.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331494", "title": "Senior citizen\u2019s body found on Worli seaface rocks", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a senior citizen was found lying on the rocks bordering the sea at Worli seaface on Sunday. The deceased was wearing a nauvari saree and is believed to be a Maharashtrian. She was around 60-65 years of age and hasn't been identified.\"Some fishermen spotted the body and informed the police. There were abrasions on her head and hands. We have sent the body for post-mortem,\" said an official. Preliminary investigations suggest it is a case of suicide, but the exact cause of death will be known only after the autopsy report, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11332976", "title": "Four admitted to ICU", "text": "MUMBAI: New Year celebrations soured for four people who were admitted to the ICU of Sion Hospital on Sunday, after being assaulted in different incidents. However, one was shifted to the general ward by Sunday evening.Assistant medical officer Dr Kuldeep Gaikwad said of the three still in the ICU were a 26-year-old from Kalwa stabbed in the chest and abdomen, a 22-year-old man from Kurla with head injuries and a 31-year-old man from Kalina with head and chest injuries. KEM Hospital treated 16 minor cases of New Year celebration-related assaults and accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11333531", "title": "Anna\u2019s absence breather for govt", "text": "PUNE: Team Anna said on Sunday that the Gandhian was not expected to be out of action for long and he would carry on with plans to go to states where polls have been announced and protest the government's failure to pass the Lokpal Bill. But his health does raise a question over whether he will be able to lead the protests as electoral campaigning gets underway.Although Team Anna activists plan to stage protests, the absence of their chief mobilizer will offer a breather to the government that has been under intense pressure to act on the anti-corruption agenda set by Hazare. It can give the government some time to see if it can work around the objections raised by its ally Trinamool Congress over the Lokayukta provisions on the ground that they impinge on rights of states. Hazare will remain under observation for a week and the 74-year-old social activist has been advised to refrain from any kind of physical exertion, including fasting, for at least a month.\"The oxygen level in his blood is 98%, which is quite good. Though he initially required additional support of oxygen, which was removed late on Sunday afternoon,\" orthopaedic surgeon K H Sancheti said, ruling out the possibility of pneumonia as reported.The VIP suite of the orthopedic hospital located off Pune-Mumbai highway where Anna is currently being treated also has a specially set up ICU so that all essential and life saving modalities remain at hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11332771", "title": "Power supply disrupted in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: New Year festivities were hit by bad weather and power cuts in many parts of the city on Sunday. The power supply to city North and other adjoining localities was hit in the wake of intermittent rain.Power supply to several localities under Mayo Hall division tripped on Saturday midnight plunging Beli Road, Kamla Nagar, New Katra, Mumfordgunj, Balrampur house, Naya Purwa, Muirabad and Katra into darkness.Though the supply was restored after sometime, it went off again on Sunday morning. This continued till late afternoon while the officials said the snag had developed due to a fault in the 33 KV high tension line coming to Mayo Hall sub-station from Phulpur.The woes of consumers continued as heavy rain followed by lightning and thunder lashed the city spoiling New Year festivities planned for the evening at hotels and clubs.Rain water was accumulated on the streets which have been dug up for laying underground sewage and water pipelines. The vehicular traffic too was hit in some parts owing to slippery conditions.Same was the condition in Old City areas including Daryabad, Kalyani Devi, Attarsuiya, Meerapur and Atala where power supply was snapped due to rain and strong winds.In Daryabad, live current which started flowing in electricity poles killed two street dogs which came in contact with the poles. Later, Residents informed the officials of Kalyani Devi division who switched off the power supply and started the repair work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11333004", "title": "Many ditch their phones, tweet in the new year", "text": "MUMBAI: Cynicism, romance, humour and philosophy... the fresh crop of New Year messages seems to have a little something for everyone. But it's the social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter where all the action is this year, with many Mumbaikars ditching phones and ushering in 2012 online. Words associated with New Year like 'party' and 'resolutions' are trending.\"I have been tagging friends in New Year statuses for few days. Most contacts have put up something about New Year. Some are really funny, while others are cliched or corny,\" said Anya Sheikh, a student of St Xavier's College. Her favourite one-liner: A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.In fact, taking a dig at resolutions seems to be a popular theme in messages doing the rounds.'Yesterday, everybody smoked his last cigar, took his last drink and swore his last oath. Today, we are a pious and exemplary community. Thirty days from now, we shall have cast our reformation to the winds and gone to cutting our ancient shortcomings considerably shorter than ever.' If you come across this particularly long-winding and poetic-sounding message, don't fret too much trying to decode it. It's mocking our aspirations for better existence, making new resolves as the clock strikes 12 every year, only to give up soon after.Cynics are having a field day trying to come up with something witty. Two popular ones are 'Many people look forward to the New Year for a new start on old habits' and 'May all your troubles last as long as your New Year's resolutions'.For the hopeless romantics and upbeat optimists, there are a fair bunch of mushy messages going around. 'If 2011 was a year of many losses, in 2012 the idea is to lose loss itself altogether. Make it new' gave readers some food for thought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11332298", "title": "Cops wrap city in security blanket", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state capital has come under a thick security blanket in view of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's proposed visit to attend the Indian Science Congress (ISC) at KIIT University campus here on Tuesday.Some 15,000 scientists, including at least 20 Noble laureates, corporate bigwigs and leaders from across the world, are scheduled to participate in the meet. Nearly one lakh students are likely to turn up at the five-day ISC. Singh will arrive in Bhubaneswar on Monday evening.Police and SPG teams here conducted the final security rehearsal on Sunday to ensure no glitches crop up during Singh's visit. The security drill was held along the routes Singh and his cavalcade would pass through to reach the venue.Commissioner of police B K Sharma, Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh, 150 officers, 30 platoon police forces and 300 home guards took part in the rehearsal that started from Biju Patnaik airport. The drill touched Raj Bhavan, KIIT campus and Congress Bhavan, before culminating at the originating point. A 40 member SPG team has been camping in the city since the last few days to take stock of security arrangements for Singh.\"After reaching the airport on Monday evening, the PM will drive straight to Raj Bhavan. Next morning he would set out towards KIIT campus. From there he would go to Congress Bhavan to meet party leaders before catching his return flight to Delhi,\" a senior police officer said. \"We have left no stone unturned to make the Prime Minister's visit a glitch-free event,\" the officer said.Meanwhile, the BMC and the BDA have lent the Airport-Nandankanan route a bridal look, the roadsides decorated with a fresh coat of paint, ornamental street lights and fancy plants. \"All encroachments have been removed. Twelve special squads have been formed to look after sanitation in the city. Mechanized sweeping machines have been engaged on roads,\" said BMC commissioner Vishal Dev.Singh is likely to attend the ISC's concluding day on January 7 too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337840", "title": "Flash mob a hit in Coimbatore", "text": "'Coimbatore Vizha', got off to an energetic start with a flash mob at Brookefields MallFollowing in the footsteps of bigger cities like Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai, Coimbatore witnessed it's first flash mob at Brookefields Mall in R S Puram on Saturday, to kick off 'Coimbatore Vizha', a week-long festival showcasing the best of Coimbatore culture, on Saturday.Over 260 people from different walks of life participated in the seven-minute dance, which was choreographed by Edwin of Footloose Dance Academy.People of all age groups, from a six-year old boy to a 70-year old lady participated in the spontaneous dance, meant to kick off the celebrations which will showcase the spirit of the city.vaibhav.shastry@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11331327", "title": "PC trashes Patil\u2019s claims on Gadchiroli", "text": "Senior NCP leader and state home minister R R Patil has been saying for a while that Naxalite activities in Gadchiroli district have been successfully restrained, but Union home minister P Chidambaram's recent remarks contradicted that claim. Chidambaram said despite pumping massive funds and deploying adequate forces, the situation in Gadchiroli was deteriorating and a matter of concern.If a top bureaucrat is to be believed, then Gadchiroli is passing through a critical period for more than a decade due to lack of political determination, ill-advised transfers and frequent changes in tribal welfare policies. Patil, also the district's guardian minister, visited the worst-affected villages in the area and took key initiatives to bring Naxals into the mainstream, but he was unaware that all schemes launched by him were abandoned in less than six months. He launched mobile pathology, dental and eye care schemes, benefitting over 24,000 villagers, but the projects have been abandoned. Moreover, between 2000-11, the district had five collectors and an equal number of superintendents, but a scheme launched by one was rejected by his successor without assigning any reasons.Compliance problemsAurangabad information commissioner D B Deshpande has devised a new way to ensure orders passed by him are implemented in letter and spirit.Well over six months after he took over, Deshpande, a former PWD secretary found that even crucial orders passed by him were not implemented by government agencies. In one case, Deshpande asked the competent authority to provide specific documents to the applicant and imposed a penalty on the information officer. In a routine course, Deshpande found the applicant was still knocking on the doors of the competent authority and there was a deliberate attempt to deny the documents.Deshpande then not only interacted with the heads of all departments in Aurangabad division, but set up a compliance cell in his office. Now, once the order is passed by Deshpande, it is communicated to the information officer and his superiors, who have to submit compliance reports in a month.Following setting up of the cell, Deshpande found there were fewer complaints of non-compliance. If the concept is followed by his colleagues in the information commission and similar quasi-judicial bodies, it will benefit the common man.Minister miffedA Mumbai-based senior cabinet member recently had a bitter experience with a senior police inspector.According to the cabinet member, who personally briefed home minister R R Patil on the episode, when the senior PI did not respond to his call and he personally went to the police station, he was made to wait for long. Ultimately he was able to speak to the PI, who explained at length his inability to help a person detained for breach of peace. The cabinet member insisted that he was prepared to take responsibility for the person, but the PI did not budge and informed him that the person would be released only next day. But while the minister was still at the police station, an activist entered the PI's room and managed to secure the release of the detained person. The minister was in a state of shock as the inspector, who refused to release the person at his insistence, not only did so for the activist but also gave the latter a red carpet reception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11332044", "title": "Ravinder Singh strums mandolin and steals hearts", "text": "DUGRI: When Ravinder Singh makes music on his mandolin - which Shah Rukh Khan made popular in 'Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge' - the world stops to listen. \"Playing mandolin is in my blood,'' says Ravinder, who teaches the instrument at a school as well as records for music albums with popular Punjabi singers in India and abroad.Staying in Dugri Phase II for over 15 years, Ravinder says he is originally from Patiala and playing the stringed instrument is a tribute to his late father Harbhajan Singh , who was the first artist to introduce the joy of mandolin in Patiala.\"I grew up listening to and playing mandolin and always wanted to take my father's legacy forward. So, now I play for music recordings, live shows and also pass on the legacy to students in school,'' says the 38-year-old, who also works at an audio studio in Kochar market.Ravinder did a bachelors in music and fine arts from Panjabi University, Patiala. \"I worked in various studios and played mandolin for music albums, including 'Cycle Mitran Di' and one by Botu Shah. I also had the privilege of performing with Harbhajan Mann in Canada and US, late singer Kuldeep Manak, Ravinder Grewal, Balkar Sidhu, Sukshinder Shinda and Jazzy B. Each performance or recording was an enriching experience,'' he says.Ask him about future plans, and Ravinder replies he wants to popularize the instrument in Punjab, specially Ludhiana. \"I am also pursuing a degree in violin from Royal School of Music in London and want to keep getting better at music,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11333144", "title": "Panel for 29,000 more medical seats", "text": "NEW DELHI: The standing committee on health for the 12th five year Plan has proposed adding 18,000 additional undergraduate medical seats, and nearly 11,000 post-graduate seats between 2012 and 2017.In its report to the Union health ministry, exclusively available with TOI, the panel has recommended for the increase of undergraduate medical seats from 41,569 to 66,000 and PG seats from 20,868 to 31,000.It has proposed setting up of 30 new medical colleges with public financing in states that need them the most. It has recommended setting up of 132 Auxiliary Nursing Midwifery and 137 General Nursing Midwifery schools through public financing with a focus on under-serviced areas and starting paramedical education courses in 149 government medical colleges and paramedical institutions.India produces 30,000 doctors, 18,000 specialists, 30,000 AYUSH doctors, 54,000 nurses , 15,000 ANMs and 36,000 pharmacists annually. \"Yet, geographic and rural-urban imbalance exists in training and availability of human resource. Medical colleges are unevenly spread across the states with disparities in the quality of education. Only 193 districts of the total of 640 districts have a medical college - the remaining 447 districts don't have medical colleges,\" the report says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338905", "title": "Richa Gangopadhyay shoots in Kolkata", "text": "Looks like the year 2012 has started on a good note for actress Richa. The Mayakkam Enna girl is currently in Kolkata, shooting for her first Bengali film.\"I'm back in Kolkata to wrap the first schedule of my Bengali film. First shoot in 2012 is going well. I'm having fun on the sets and feels like I'm at home. Learning a lot from my director Rajibda,\" she tweeted. Interestingly, the film is touted to be a remake of the Tamil hit Siruthai, which in turn, was a remake of the Tollywood film Vikramakudu.Richa is supposedly reprising the role made memorable by Tamannaah in the Tamil version. Meanwhile, Richa, who was last see in Osthe, is yet to decide on her next Tamil project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335404", "title": "Dev Anand, Shammi Kapoor's sons to make a comeback", "text": "Sons of veteran stars Dev Anand and Shammi Kapoor get ready to revive their careersSunil, who made his Bollywood debut with his father Dev Anand's venture Anand Aur Anand in 1984, was last seem in the 2001 film Master. Aditya Raj Kapoor, on the other hand, after assisting uncle Raj Kapoor in three films, had decided to go his separate way as an entrepreneur. And now, both will make a comeback to where they began.Produced by Ashwin Kumar Productions, director Kadar's film is a satire. A close friend of Dev Anand, Kadar, who has also worked with the star in two films, remembered his days with the veteran star and said, \"A few days before his death, I had discussed the idea of Ali Peter John with Dev sahab. He liked the idea and asked who would act in it. So, I expressed my desire to cast Sunil. Dev sahab was excited about it. He however asked me to talk to Sunil directly.\"Kadar, who has also directed Shammi Kapoor in the 1986 film Karamdata added, \"I have been closely associated with both Dev Anand and Shammi Kapoor. I have learnt a lot from them. I have seen their sons Sunil and Aditya grow up. It is an emotional moment for me to direct my friends' kids.\"Excited about the project, Sunil told Mumbai Mirror, \"I have been busy with a lot of things simultaneously. I was helping father with his work and handling a few productions. Now I am very excited about making a comeback on screen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11331446", "title": "12 doctors in drug trial racket let off with Rs 5,000 fine in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: In a travesty of justice, the Madhya Pradesh government on Sunday imposed a paltry Rs 5,000 fine each on the 12 doctors charged with conducting drug trials on mentally challenged patients. The penalty was imposed for their failure to inform authorities about the drug trials.The extremely mild penalty has left many aghast with activist Dr Anand Rai, who had lodged a complaint on this issue, pointing out that the law provided for a maximum fine of Rs 50,000.\"Drug trials were performed on patients who had gone to the hospitals for routine treatment. It's a criminal offence to put them under drug trials without consent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11331803", "title": "Koda has wealth worth Rs 3300 crore: I-T", "text": "RANCHI: Madhu Koda has amassed property worth around Rs 3,300 crore during his tenure as chief minister by misusing his office, the income tax department has said ending the suspense over the actual value of wealth of the high profile politician.At present, Koda and his associates are in the Birsa Munda Central Jail here and are facing trail in cases lodged by the CBI and the enforcement directorate.The I-T department has completed the assessment of property and investment of the former chief minister and also issued a notice for payment of tax and fines.There was a huge suspense over the Koda's wealth when the I-T department led by additional director (investigation) A K Shrivastava raided on over 70 locations across the country in 2009 to find out his property. The raids were simultaneously conducted at offices and residence of his associates in almost every important city of the country including Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata.Senior officials in the department said they had concluded after the assessment that Koda had assets worth around Rs 3,300 crore. \"We are including the wealth all of Koda's associates in his name because it was earned by misuse of his office. All his aides made fortune and invested money not only in companies within the country but also abroad,\" said an official adding that his investment in Dubai alone was more than Rs 370 crore. The highest amount was invested in Balaji Group which is around 950 crore.The main associates of Koda are Binod Sinha, Sanjay Chaudhary, Manoj Punamiya, Anil Bastawade, Arvind Vyas and Vijay Joshi.\"The department has assessed his total worth to be around Rs 3,300 crore and it has issued notice for payment of tax and fine of around Rs 1,200 crore,\" said an official.Joint commissioner Sandeep Raj confirmed that the assessment had been completed. \"The notice for payment of tax and fines has been issued,\" said Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338213", "title": "Brett Lee and his band to tour India this year", "text": "In an interview in September this year, Australian cricketer Brett Lee had said that he's been toIndia\"over 50 times\" in the last 18 years of his career.In another interview last year, he'd said that he considersIndiahis second home. It's no wonder then that when Brett, along with fellow musician Mick Vawdon decided to launch their band \"White Shoe Theory\" internationally, the cricketer choseIndiafor its debut. And thus, in the winter of 2010, Brett and Mick toured five Indian cities, includingDelhiand Mumbai, and presented their musical offerings toIndia. Cut to 2012 and the band is considering another tour here in 2012. Clearly, he's found fans beyond the cricket pitch here.At that time, Brett was quoted as saying that he has a great \"love affair with India\" and he was fortunate that one his sponsors was keen to \"assist with the launch of White Shoe Theory\" in India. He'd even told us that he'd decided to tourIndiaa while ago and he was fortunate that things fell in place. \"We hope that our music is liked for its originality and sound. Performing inIndiahas been ecstatic till now,\" he'd said.And now they are planning to come here again. Speaking to DT, a member of Brett's team, says, \"Brett would definitely be inIndiain 2012 with his music. There have been talks for a while but nothing is confirmed as of now.\" The band's twitter account too talks about new shows inIndia, especially inHyderabad, and considering the reception that the White Shoe Theory got the last time they were in the country, it seems like an appropriate choice. They are also currently working on an album and a press statement released by the band a while ago said, \"An album is currently being recorded inSydney, and videos being filmed both inAustraliaandIndia. Release is not expected to be too far away...\" The album's launch is expected to coincide with the band'sIndiatour next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11332798", "title": "School drop-outs to take a LEAP", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The second phase of 'Unarvu', a literacy scheme launched by the district panchayat in association with the LEAP ( Lifelong Education Awareness Programme) Kerala Mission, to give fourth class equivalency certificates to school drop-outs and illiterates will begin in the district on Tuesday. Over 20,000 learners from 44 selected panchayats are expected to benefit from the scheme.'Unarvu' scheme will be coordinated by 220 coordinators in the second phase of implementation. Not less than any 1,000 classes will be arranged in different locations by the coordinators. The classes will be completed by March 1, said district panchayat president Kanathil Jameela.The LEAP district mission has already organized special training programme for the coordinators of the second phase. The training programme was arranged a month ago to make the coordinators efficient in handling classes for learners belonging to different age groups.According to the coordinators, learners selected in the second phase belong to 18-60 age groups.Citing the success of the first phase of the project, M D Valsala, district coordinator of LEAP Kerala Mission, said the scheme covered over 11,000 learners from 32 grama panchayats in the first phase of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11331924", "title": "Now, a system to check on senior citizens living alone", "text": "CHENNAI: Police commissioner J K Tripathy has instructed police stations to enumerate senior citizens in their area. Beat officers, called sector officers, will collect details of senior citizens living alone and call them up randomly to check on them.\"Officers have been asked to inquire about senior citizens' well-being and offer assistance,\" Tripathy said.The system has been introduced as there has been a spate of attacks on elderly living alone. Chennai has a considerable number of senior citizens who live alone as their children are working abroad or in other states.\"Though we have requested residents to inform us about when they are going away, none of them does this. It would help us while patrolling and reduce robberies,\" a police officer said. The sector officers have started enumerating senior citizens. \"We have told the sector officers to cover every lane and street. They will collect names and personal details,\" the officer said.The details will be maintained by the reception officers at every police station. They will also receive those approaching the police station with a grievance. \"Senior citizens can also call police if they need any help. The system has been introduced in all the 132 police stations in the city,\" Tripathy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11332633", "title": "State shivers as rain brings down mercury", "text": "JAIPUR: The New Year began on a chilly note for Jaipurites with the maximum temperature dipping to 18.3 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal. Overcast condition prevailed throughout the day, with some parts in the state witnessing mild to moderate rainfall.The winter shower brought a drop in the day temperature by nearly five degrees in certain places such as Dausa, Alwar, Bharatpur, Ajmer, Bhilwara and Jodhpur. The overcast conditions are likely to prevail for the next twodays, the Met predicted.Roopwas in Bharatpur district witnessed a maximum rainfall of 76 mm, followed by Bayana and Kumher which recorded 48 mm and 45 mm rainfall respectively. In Jaipur, sun was hardly visible during the day, and fog disrupted the rail and road traffic. At least half-a-dozen early morning trains arrived late, while several buses running on the Delhi-Jaipur highway were delayed by hours.Churu and Mount Abu continued to remain the coldest districts in the state, and recorded minimum temperature of 3.9 degrees and 1.4 degrees respectively. Bikaner shivered at 4.7 degrees, followed by Jaisalmer at 5.5 and Rawatbhata at 6 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11332660", "title": "No profit, no loss for Kochi hotels", "text": "KOCHI: Champagnes were toasted, fireworks blistered the sky and Kochi revelled this New Year's Eve. While it is a fact that most Keralites moved out of their homes to usher in the New Year in hotels, has it in actuality spelt profit for the latter?\"It's a break even for most hotels in the city - considering the expenditure for DJs, light, sound, food and beverages,\" said Erin Louis, general manager, Casino Hotel. He believes the New Year parties were more of an exercise of a hotel's goodwill for its patrons than a matter of profit. Most hoteliers agree.Top hotels in the city had a record turnout on Saturday night, compared to any other festive occasion. The main three hotels in the city together got an approximate crowd of 5000 for the year end party. \"New Year is the time to feel good, have fun and enjoy some fine dining experience,\" said Elgish Andrews, executive manager at Taj Malabar.Most of the leading hotels like Taj Malabar, Meridian and the Casino Group of Hotels focused on family get togethers. Casino Hotel had a dedicated candle light dinner for the two hundred odd couples who had turned up, complete with live piano recitals. Le Meridian, had a more adventurous theme - 'Lost in Las Vegas', to target the youth. It had singer Vasundhara Das singing her signature number 'Shakalaka baby' during the countdown. \"This is the peak of the tourism season. The tourists who are also part of the crowd are usually old or middle aged. Thus a noisy affair is not really their thing,' explained Chinnu Jimmy, executive manager, Le Meridian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11333905", "title": "LU backpapers from mid-January", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University is running far behind it schedule to conduct backpapers and improvement examinations for the undergraduate students. The university in October had promised that the exams will be held in November. However, on Sunday, university officials disclosed that backpapers and improvement examinations are likely to begin from mid-week of January.Speaking to TOI, university spokesperson Prof Rajesh Mishra said, \"Once the ongoing semester exams end, we will organise backpapers and improvement exams. The back paper exams are likely to begin from mid-week of January.\" Varsity's semester exams are ending on January 13.The continuous delay in backpaper examination has been a trend in Lucknow University over the years. Last year, the backpaper exams were held in the last week of January. As a result, students feel over burdened and face problem in concentrating for the main examinations.\"There is hardly any time left for us to prepare for main examinations. If the university declare the dates in advance, it helps in getting mentally prepared,\" said a third year BA student, adding that every year the university conduct the backpaper exam at the eleventh hour.Another undergraduate computer science student lamented that students are harried when it comes to any examination in the university. \"First, the university will postpone the backpaper dates many times and then they will declare the results late,\" she said.Students alleged that the lax and unplanned attitude of the university officials leave them in a lurch. Even university teachers are apprehensive of the examination dates.\"Once the university ends the semester exams, the preparations for the convocation ceremony will begin. Therefore, it is important that the university sticks to the academic calendar,\" said a senior professor in the university.As per university officials, the delay was because of a long list of holidays with festive season hopping in between. \"The university spent quite sometime on retrieving answer books of the students who wanted to see it under special scrutiny. This was in itself a mammoth task for us,\" said an official from LU's examination department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338885", "title": "Abir speaks the truth", "text": "Abir Chatterjee and Swastika Mukherjee had a blast shooting for Abhijit Dasgupta's Aashbo Ar Ekdin. But the duo did have a tough time canning the romantic shots on a chilly winter morning.Said Abir, \"\"The sequences might have us all lovey dovey but only we know what it was like to can those shots. We were shooting at Millennium Park when the temperature was really low. And the wind..., my god, we were shivering like anything. Both Swastika and I were wearing summer outfits. Imagine our plight. Romancing each other under these circumstances is no joke.\"\" Abir also added, \"\"In fact, this is the tragedy with us actors. During winters we have to shoot for sequences that give the feel of summer and vice versa. Only during Byomkesh shooting could I wear woollens while shooting in the cold.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhil", "code": "11339533", "title": "Qualcomm offers to clear Tulip's dues", "text": "NEW DELHIL: US-based chip-maker Qualcomm offered to give an undertaking before telecom tribunal TDSAT that it will clear the dues of its partner Tulip Telecom and requested that the telecom ministry be asked to issue licence to it for BWA spectrum.Tulip is a 13 per cent shareholder in the consortium which had bid for BWA spectrum along with Qualcomm. As per the rules and regulation, operators has to get a no-due certificate from DoT for a new licence.However, in December DoT had issued a show-cause notice to Tulip claiming a due of Rs 146 crore for 2009-10 and 2010-11.During the proceedings, Qualcomm's counsel submitted that the Department of Telecom was yet to work out the final figure of Tulip's dues, which is disputed and once done, it would be paid.Senior advocate S Ganesh appearing for chip-maker said Qualcomm was ready to file an undertaking along with an affidavit in this regard and its ISP licence should be alloted after that.This was accepted by the Telecom Disputes Settlement &amp; Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT), which asked Qualcomm to file a formal application.The TDSAT bench headed by its Chairman Justice S B Sinha also asked the DoT to file reply over the Qualcomm's new move by Friday and directed to list the matter on Monday for next hearing.Ganesh submitted that DoT has issued show-cause notice only to Tulip over the due of Rs 146 crore. It is opposed by its Indian partner and some correspondences are exchanged between DoT and Tulip, however, the matter is still at the show-cause stage only.He said at the time of allotment of LoI on October 10, 2011 there was no dues on Tulip. The show-cause notice was issued two months after that and it is not a final demand yet.Ganesh further quipped that the US-based company has already paid Rs 4,900 crore towards BWA spectrum and wondered why the licence is not being alloted for Rs 146 crore due which is still under dispute.The tribunal was hearing the petition of Qualcomm, which has challenged the DoT notice for cancelling the allotment of BWA spectrum in four circles that it bagged last year in auction.Qualcomm's application for licence was rejected by DoT on the basis that it had made four nominees for the spectrum. The company was fearing that its licence may be revoked and spectrum may be allotted to someone else.On December 2, Qualcomm had sought time to verify the authenticity of the dues claimed by DoT and said that if that was correct, then would pay it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11333822", "title": "Students prefer PGHs to hostels", "text": "MYSORE: Paying guest houses (PGHs) are mushrooming in Mysore as students coming from various parts of the country prefer them to college hostels, for these PG accommodations offer better facilities, more privacy and freedom to them.\"I value my privacy, which I get in my PGH,\" feels Spoorthi M, a student from Yuvuraja's College. Hailing from neighbouring Mandya district. She feels that college hostel rooms are packed. \"There will be four to six students in each room. There is no privacy there and the situation is different in PGHs,\" she added.According to Usharani, who owns a PG accommodation in Saraswathipuram, told TOI freedom is another reason for the student to opt for PGHs. \"In hostels you have several restrictions and deadlines. In PGHs you don't have them,\" she said.Agreeing with Usharani, Likitha Kushalappa, a student JSS College for Women said, \"Students can join private coaching classes and can also hang out with friends for longer time if they are in PGHs. Only two to three students are accommodated in each room which is facilitated with attached bathroom. There is a lot of restrictions in hostels to use mobile and to go out. Students in hostels feel like they are caged up.\"PGs have also become a source of income for several families in the district. \"When we started a paying guest accommodation for students 10 years ago, there were only a few such houses in our locality, but today the number has increased by several folds. Students prefer PGs mainly because of food. We also provide hot water facility which is not found in hostels. \" said another PGH owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335503", "title": "NSD fest at Sanjay Mishra\u2019s film set", "text": "There's not one but a bunch of people from the same film school working on Pranam WalekumNational School of Drama (NSD, New Delhi) alumni have made their way into Bollywood over the years. While individually, they have established themselves as stars, this is the first time they will collectively be seen in a venture. Sanjay Mishra's (An NSD pass-out) directorial venture, Pranam Walekum, will see other NSD graduates Tigmanshu Dhulia and Irrfan Khan coming together.A source informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Last week, some scenes were shot in Film City, where Tigmanshu, who isn't part of the project, directed few scenes. Even Irrfan Khan has done a guest appearance. The other junior artistes in the film are also from the same film school.\"When contacted, Dhulia said, \"I know Sanjay from our drama schooling days and we are from the same batch of NSD.\"Irrfan, who did a cameo added, \"Being a senior to Sanjay at NSD, I am very happy that Sanjay has moved into direction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11333397", "title": "Flights, trains and buses to city get delayed due to fog", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The woes of people travelling to Chandigarh continued into the New Year with flights, trains and buses running behind schedule due to the prevalence of fog early on Sunday. While one flight coming to the city from Delhi was cancelled, another was delayed in its take off from the capital by around 50 minutes. Trains from Delhi suffered a similar fate because of the thick blanket of fog there. Even long distance buses were delayed substantially.Officials at the Chandigarh airport said that one early morning Jet Airways flight from Delhi was cancelled on Sunday as it could not take off due to heavy fog at the airport, while a Kingfisher flight was delayed by around 50 minutes because of the fog. Railway officials said that passengers aboard the morning New Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi Express had to face a delay of around one hour due to the foggy conditions in Delhi and along the way near Panipat. The morning New Delhi-Kalka Himalayan Queen reached the city nearly two hours late.The situation was similar for Lucknow-Chandigarh Express as it reached the railway station here one and a half hours past its arrival time. Officials also stated that owing to frequent delays of around 16 to 18 hours, it was decided to suspend services of the Howrah-Kalka Mail for one day on Sunday and then resume these from Monday onwards. Private as well as state-owned buses plying between Delhi and Chandigarh were also significantly delayed by fog and low visibility during late night and early morning hours in the period between Saturday night and Sunday morning and as such were delayed by around two to two-and-a-half hours on an average.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11322004", "title": "For New Year bash, locals head to malls", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city malls turned out to be the most-preferred destination for revellers on the New Year's Eve. That it was a weekend, gave people all the more reason to celebrate. As citizens bade adieu to 2011, TOI visited the prominent malls to feel the pulse of celebrations.Senior manager (operations) at a mall in Gomtinagar, Raj Kapur, told TOI: \"Since morning, a large number of people started visiting the mall. The crowd swelled in the evening, which was about 30% more than on a normal weekend.''All the floors of the mall were jampacked. Friends and families were seen exchanging New Year pleasantries. While for some, it was time to make resolutions, others said it's a new beginning every day.\"I plan to rectify the mistakes done in the past year. This year I've decided to check my smoking habit,'' said 21-year-old Kashif Khan. Bored with spending time in the mall, he went on a long drive with friends .An official of a mall in Hazratganj shared that on a weekend, there are about 35,000 footfalls. But on New Year's Eve, it touched 70,000.\"A bigger crowd is expected on the first day of 2012. Everyone wants to celebrate New Year and malls appear to be the best destination. They eat, shop and have a gala time,'' the official said.The sweet-tooth revellers also thronged the bakeries. \"There was a rush of buyers since morning,'' said Jasjeev, owner of a bakery store in Hazratganj. The New Year delicacies that were high on demand included blueberry, kiwi and chocolate orio cakes. Cheese cakes too got a decent response, though the most popular was the chocolate cake.Jasjeev said, \"Celebrations are incomplete without cakes. Customers buy cakes of varying sizes.'' Other bakeries too made brisk sales throughout the day.Sharing her excitement with TOI, Shreya Gulati, a housewife, said: \"There is no greater joy than spending the New Year'e Eve with the family members. And, what better timing than a weekend.'' About her New Year resolution, Shreya said: \"It's a New Year everyday. On the last day, one reflects on the year that has gone by.''People told TOI about different resolutions: to give up a bad habit, shed off their anger to being polite. Kanupriya Tiwari, a postgraduate student, said: \"It's difficult to get rid of a bad habit. At least a resolution keeps a check on us.''Though making New Year resolutions is a fad, most of them are broken as the year progresses. Still, a very Happy and Prosperous New Year to you all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331724", "title": "Republic Day: Over 150 CCTVs to keep close watch on the parade route", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to thwart any possible terror strike, Delhi Police will enhance CCTV surveillance between Rajpath and Red Fort and monitor every movement from the police headquarters in the run up to Republic Day celebrations next month.The entire CCTV coverage will also be linked to the C4i at Delhi Police Headquarters and monitored there by a dedicated team of officers. Keeping a bird's eye on the public to ensure no suspicious movement goes unnoticed, 162 CCTVs will be installed across the eight-km route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333040", "title": "HC rues habeas corpus petitions in love cases", "text": "BANGALORE: Disapproving of the tendency to file habeas corpus petitions in love affair cases, the Karnataka high court has said that no directive could be issued in such instances unless illegal custody was established.A division bench headed by justice DV Shylendra Kumar rued that every love affair between teens in the age of unrestrained spirit, enthusiasm, ideas and emotions was sought to be converted into subject matter for issue of habeas corpus.The bench also observed that parents were finding habeas corpus petitions a convenient forum to get such affairs investigated instead of filing police complaints.The court made these observations while dismissing a habeas corpus petition filed by a Banaswadi woman, Anusuya (name changed), after it was revealed that her daughter was in love with a boy and might have eloped with him fearing reprisal since he belonged to another community.The court also obtained an undertaking from police that they would continue with their efforts to trace the missing girl. \"There is no dearth of youngsters getting infatuated with persons of opposite sex with whom they might have developed some intimacy or relationship,\" the bench said.Scared that their affairs might not be approved by their elders, youngsters leave their parents and seek shelter elsewhere, including at unknown and strange places, it observed.The petitioner said that her teenage daughter, PUC student Ashwini (name changed), had been missing since November 22 morning when she left for writing an examination.Anusuya further stated that she received a phone call from a local boy who claimed that Ashwini was with him. The caller threatened Anusuya with dire consequences for having gone to police.The call was traced to Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh. A local resident, meanwhile, told police that he had seen the boy and the girl together several times and had felt that they were in love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11333445", "title": "Criminals fire on cops, flee", "text": "VARANASI: Virendra Singh Yadav alias Fauzi, a notorious criminal of the region, managed to escape with his accomplices after opening fire on police team in Rafipur village under Saidpur police station limits in Ghazipur district on Friday night.But the police recovered a lifted Scorpio carrying a Samajwadi Party flag, a motorcycle, a rifle, a pistol, two countrymade revolvers and a huge quantity of cartridges from Fauzi's hideout.Ghazipur SP Manoj Kumar said that under the ongoing drive against criminals in view of model code of conduct, the special operations group (SOG) and Saidpur police raided the house of Baiju Yadav in Rafipur village. On sensing presence of police, people sitting inside the house opened indiscriminate firing and fled the scene. He said that Fauzi was leading this group of criminals.After the recovery of arms, ammunition and vehicles, that police suspected that Fauzi was camping here to execute some crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11331604", "title": "Govt in dark on number of construction-related deaths", "text": "Though few people perhaps noticed it, the city's glitzy, hurried makeover claimed more victims towards the year's end. Nineteen-year-old construction labourer Saddam Ansari was building the roof on the eighth storey of a structure in Matunga on December 3 when he fell to his death. Barely a week before, a truck ferrying 30 construction workers had overturned in Ambernath, killing Subhash Thakur and injuring 14 other workers.Ansari and Thakur's deaths, of course, are not aberrations. As new flyovers, skyscrapers and water tunnels come up in Mumbai and its neighbouring cities, transforming them for good, the ones paying the highest price are the 25 to 30 lakh construction workers driving the change.Labour officials state that, by their information, 40 such labourers died in the past six months in Maharashtra. The real figure, though, could be much higher, they admit. \"The law requires that we be informed of deaths at construction sites within 72 hours. But we receive no official intimation,\" says a senior labour official.Construction work, to be sure, is a perilous occupation. The US Bureau of Labour Statistics noted that \"construction accounted for more fatal work injuries than any other industry in 2010\".In places like Mumbai, the reality is harsher. Workers can often be seen dangling from bamboo scaffoldings at building sites without safety harnesses or helmets.Equally worryingly, they remain deprived of basic welfare assured to them by law. The Centre enacted a law 15 years ago for the collection of a labour welfare cess, and it was notified by Maharashtra in 2007. Yet, not a single worker has tangibly benefited from this money so far. In the last five years, Maharashtra has collected Rs 325 crore-a pittance of a sum, according to labour experts, who argue that the frenzied construction in Mumbai alone should have generated higher revenues. A welfare board to oversee disbursal of funds and ensure workers' welfare was formed last May; it is currently registering workers.Predictably, workers are clueless about the benefits owed to them. The welfare vacuum pinches only during crises. Realisation struck construction worker Janardhan Tuksunder when he sustained head injuries after a live cable fell on him at a Koparkhairane site five months ago. He was forced out of work for nearly a week and left with a medical bill of Rs 450. \"I have no constant employer. I take up work wherever I get it. Who would foot my bill? They would ask me to leave, instead,\" Tuksunder says matter-of-factly.Some construction groups have initiated group insurance schemes for their workers, but such initiatives are mostly dependent on the largesse of the developers. Despite repeated attempts, the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry did not comment on labour welfare. Commissioner of labour Sanjay Deshmukh refused to go into the details of construction-related fatalities or the lack of safety cover for workers. \"We are in the process of implementing welfare schemes,\" is all he was willing to say. Labour officials say they are now contacting police stations to record the number of construction labour deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345283", "title": "Gujarat drunk driving case: Girl granted bail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 19-year-old girl who rammed her car into three stationary vehicles in the wee hours on Sunday and killed a biker was arrested by Vastrapur police station. She was produced in the court in the evening where she was granted bail. In her primary statement, she said that she was not drunk and the accident was not entirely her fault.When Labdhi Shah, a resident of Naranpura, came to Vastrapur police station on Monday morning, a large group of her relatives surrounded her all the time. They took her to a nearby clinic when mediapersons reached the scene and also requested the police investigators that they allow the girl to be taken to the court in a private vehicle. The cops turned down the request and Labdhi went to the court in a police vehicle.When Labdhi was taken to the police station, she was physically carried by her relatives due to her frail health. Her face was covered with bandages and dupatta while a woman police sub-inspector constantly accompanied her.In wee hours of Sunday, Labdhi, who was driving a car, rammed into an autoricshaw, a bike and a car in succession and injured three near Indraprasth Tower on Drive-In Road. Gaurav Rajyaguru, 24, who was riding pillion on the bike, died on the spot soon after the incident. Two others received injuries and were taken to a nearby hospital. Labdhi also was injured as her car had turned turtle after hitting a divider. She had to be taken out after breaking the windscreen.B K Saiyad, sub-inspector of Vastrapur police station and investigator in the case, told TOI that her statement was recorded on Monday where she has mentioned that she was returning from a party.\"She had been to a friend Utsav's residence in Prahladnagar for a New Year's party with three other girls and three boys. As per her statement, Utsav's parents were present at the residence with them. At 2 am, the group went to a club on SG Highway for snacks. They waited there for a while as there was a rush at that moment and after having snacks, they left at 4 am,\" he said.The group then parted ways near Thaltej circle after which she headed home. \"She claims that a car suddenly came in front of her car and hit the vehicle, which made her loose control. She then hit the other vehicles. She does not remember anything else,\" said Saiyad. When questioned about the blood sample report, Saiyad said that it will take few more days to get the test result ascertaining whether there was any alcohol content in her blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore/ erode", "code": "11330791", "title": "Emu farmers raring to go", "text": "COIMBATORE/ ERODE: Given that emu meat is considered a healthier option to mutton and other red meats, many farmers in western Tamil Nadu have taken to emu rearing. In the last two months, about half a dozen emu farms have started operations within Coimbatore city limits. Advertisement campaigns to lure farmers to rear the bird on contract mode are pervasive. Farmers in Krishnagiri, Pollachi, Mettupalayam, Tirupur, Perundurai, Dharapuram and Salem are increasingly taking to it.While many farmers think emu rearing is a viable option, a few are doubtful about the claims made by emu farm owners. Although there are many emu farms coming up, the meat is not as popular as it is projected to be. However, success stories are encouraging many to enter the field.M Dakshinamurthy, hailing from Chennimalai near Erode, says there is no need to be apprehensive about taking up emu farming. Owner of a handloom weaving unit and a traditional farmer, Dakshinamurthy entered the field five years ago after she saw an emu farm based in Thiruchendur.There was a vacant plot close to my weaving unit and after paying a security deposit of Rs 1,50,000, a rearing unit was set up there. The farming company constructed a shed and supplied me with six chicks. Once they became mature, they were returned to the farm owner and fresh chicks were supplied. Now I am rearing 24 chicks and this provides me a substantial income,\" he said. The farming company gives Dakshinamurthy Rs 1,000 per chick, to rear them. Each Emu chick fetches Rs 1000 per month, for 18 months till, it hits maturity. \"It is not very expensive to rear emus. In fact I spend only about Rs 200 a month on each chick. One person can take care of 50 chicks. All he needs to do is feed the chicks twice a day and give them water,\" said the emu farmer.\"Other than its meat, the skin, eggs, feathers and even nails of an emu have commercial value. We are in the process of establishing factories to extract cooking oil and beauty products out of emu meat and eggs. They are high in demand across the globe,'' says V U Sudheesh, CEO of Asian Emu Farms. The companies abide by all laws and even provide insurance to farmers and the emus on their possession. Farmers will not lose money if some of the birds die due to diseases because of insurance cover. We also provide sureties to deposits made by farmers,'' he said, when asked about the risks involved.It was in 2006 that emu farming came to Erode and neighbouring areas, with an eye on exports. Many farmers were lured by the aggressive promotional campaigns. \"The emu is not prone to disease and its rearing is easy as it can survive on leaves, fruits and shrubs. It also ensures a steady income,'' says V Rajaram, a farmer from Perunthurai, who started rearing the bird a year ago. To popularize its meat, Susi Emu Farms at Perunthurai has recently started a family restaurant with Emu meat as the main fare.\"Agriculture is very labour intensive. Thus many farm labourers are migrating to spinning and textile mills. Also, agricultural products don't have minimum support prices, so people are looking for alternatives,\" said V Rangasamy from Perunthurai. He was talking about why over a 1000 traditional farmers in Western Tamil Nadu have switched to emu rearing. Emus can also survive in any climate and involve less risk. They are immune to bird flu.But C Nalla Gounder of Tamil Nadu Farmers' Association is not convinced. The prices of emu meat and egg have already come down due to the lack of export opportunities. The meat was priced at Rs 450 per kg before but now it has come down to Rs 300. The egg was priced at Rs 2200 earlier but has come down to Rs 1100. The demand dipped due to the arrival of more players,'' he points out. The oil processing and other industrial ventures remain only in newspaper advertisements. In the absence of adequate export opportunities, the risk of farm owners closing shop and taking off with the security deposits of farmers is high. Farm owners agree that the prices have come down, but they claim that emu rearing is highly profitable even at the lower prices. They also said that the factories to manufacture products out of emu meat, egg and feathers, are under construction and export would begin in another six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11331063", "title": "Open school, Cujira complex yet to be realized", "text": "PANAJI: The school complex planned at Cujira, amalgamation of single-teacher schools and setting up of an open school in Goa are projects that have refused to take off for half a decade now. It now remains to be seen if the new year brings luck to these projects.Over 34% primary schools in Goa are single-teacher schools. There are over 250 government primary schools in Goa with an enrolment of less than 15 students and the state education rules require that only one teacher be allotted for every 24 students. With parents increasingly opting for urban schools, the single-teacher school situation is only worsening in rural areas.The directorate of education (DoE) has been trying to amalgamate these 250 schools with neighbouring primary schools with better enrolment. However, parents raised objection to this arrangement stating that this would increase the travel distance for their children.The education minister had decided to go ahead with this arrangement when the 2011 academic year began as the state government, under a new scheme, provides buses for students to travel to school. But the plan to amalgamate schools is yet to materialize.Goa has been planning to set up of a state open school on the lines of the national open school for years now. Goa has been witnessing a significant number of dropouts at the primary, secondary and higher secondary levels, and sources say that around 3,000 students from the state answer the Class X and XII board exams from the national open school every year. The state open school is expected to provide education up to Class XII outside of formal schools to reduce the dropout rate. But the project is still stuck in the pipelineSix Panaji institutions have been provided plots at the integrated school complex site at Cujira, located on the outskirts of Panaji, with the aim of decongesting the city as well as providing facilities to schools which they are not able to provide students due to space constraints.The allotment of land to each of the schools will be on a 99-year lease and the school managements of government-aided schools will be provided infrastructure loans for construction of the school buildings.In the first phase of the integrated school complex being planned by the DoE at Cujira in Bambolim, only large city schools with more than 300 students and those prone to traffic hazards will be shifted on priority basis. This project too has been tangled in red tape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11333164", "title": "British cops to visit India, meet Bidves", "text": "LONDON: Two officials of the Greater Manchester police are scheduled to fly to India to meet the family of Indian student Anuj Bidve, who was killed in an unprovoked attack on Boxing Day in Salford.The investigating team have not yet recovered the murder weapon with which a gunman shot 23-year-old Bidve in the head after a brief conversation in the Ordsall area of Salford on Dec 26.Assistant chief constable Dawn Copley said, \"Our family liaison officers are in regular contact with Anuj's family but passing information and updates over the phone is not the best way to communicate in tragic circumstances.\"It is important to me personally , and Greater Manchester police, to have someone from the force meet with the family and help support them at this time,\" she said. \"Having conversations face-to-face is absolutely the right thing to do. We will of course also provide whatever support we can throughout the family's forthcoming trip to the UK,\" the official added chief superintendent Russ Jackson and a family liaison officer will meet the family in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11331780", "title": "Shower greets New Year, mercury to dip", "text": "RANCHI: For many, rain played the spoilsport on the first day of the year, but some of them enjoyed the different flavour of climate on New Year's Day when the drizzle converted into heavy showers all over the state in the afternoon.The cyclonic circulation emerging from southwest Bay of Bengal that caused damage on the eastern coastal peninsular India diffused and converted into deep depression. This depression while moving north-eastward converted into marked low pressure zone lying over northeast India.Weather scientist at Birsa Agriculture University A Wadood said the situation resembled that of monsoon with slight differences. \"Medium and low cloud is lying over Bihar, Jharkhand, eastern Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Odisha which has caused widespread rainfall in these states,\" he said stressing that the only difference from the monsoon was that this phenomenon had its origin in southwest Bay of Bengal whereas monsoon originates from northwest Bay of Bengal. Wadood clarified that in the absence of continuity of the moisture feeding system from the Bay of Bengal, the clouds and rains were likely to diffuse by Monday evening.According to India Meteorological Department, the continuous minimum temperatures rose by 4-6 degree Celsius over parts of Punjab, Haryana, west Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and western parts of West Bengal and Maharashtra, by 2-3 degrees Celsius over east Rajasthan, east Uttar Pradesh and Bihar creating conditions congenial for attracting the moisture-laden winds brought over the land mass along with the cyclone from the Bay of Bengal.\"Rainfall has occurred at many places over Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Lakshadweep and at a few places over Uttarakhand and at one or two places over eastern India,\" the bulletin readThe low pressure area over Lakshadweep area persists. A trough from this system extends upto west Madhya Pradesh across madhya Maharashtra at mean sea level. The IMD has predicted rain/snow at a few places over western Himalayan region during the next 24 hours and decrease thereafter, fall in minimum temperature by 2-4 degrees Celsius over parts of northwest and adjoining central India, fog/dense fog conditions in some parts of Indo-Gangetic plains from January 3 onwards.Wadood said the rain was good for Rabi crops as the soil had gained necessary moisture but the risk of oilseeds being affected by aphid and potato being afflicted by blight has emerged. \"Because of the higher minimum temperature ranging around 12.5 degrees Celsius and high humidity, the crops may catch infections for which the farmers must remain careful,\" he said. Wadood also warned of chilling nights once the clouds disappear.In places around Ranchi, the minimum temperature is likely to come as low as 1-2 degrees Celsius in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11330846", "title": "City celebrates arrival of New Year", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city welcomed the arrival of another new year with much enthusiasm and fervour. Despite threats from fringe elements of disrupting the celebrations, people thronged Avinashi Road, VOC Park, Race Course and various hotels in large numbers to celebrate the birth of another year.People started leaving their homes at around 10.30 pm on Saturday. Revelers sung songs and burst crackers in anticipation of a new beginning. As youth were getting ready to party, elders preferred to visit places of worship. Special masses were conducted in all the major churches while early morning prayers were offered at temples in different parts of the city. People were seen visiting temples throughout the day. Special events were held at Brookfields Mall and hotels like Residency, Le Meridien, Metro and CRG Pride.From temples and churches to clubs and get-togethers in public places and residences, the eve of the New Year was celebrated in full gusto. Bishop Thomas Acquinas led the prayer service at the St Michael Church near Town Hall. The service started at 8pm on Saturday and continued to 1am in the morning. The St Antony's church of Puliyakulam held special prayers at night, welcoming the New Year. Services were also held at various other churches of the city.Special prayers were arranged at temples too. The Eeshwamari Vinayakarkoyil temple started morning prayers on Sunday morning. Ganesha was decorated in gold and an Abhishekham was done. Various temples at Perur, Race Course, Peelamedu, Vadavali and others conducted special prayers.Youngsters were seen racing on bikes, bursting crackers and wishing each other for the New Year. From Brookefields to RS Puram, youth thronged public places. There was much celebration even in the bus stands. By 2 am the crowds started to disperse.Apart from celebrations, other programmes were also conducted in the city. The NSS unit of Coimbatore Institute of Technology, as part of their camp conducted various programmes on Sunday. Trees were planted at some of the city temples at Pachapaalayam, Poorandapalayam and others. Later, a free medical check and an AIDS awareness programme was also conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11333167", "title": "Carbon tax may push up airfare to EU nations", "text": "MUMBAI: From January 1, carbon emissions by aircraft flying into 27 European Union (EU) countries, including the United Kingdom , will be measured as the airline industry will come under the EU emission trading scheme, making carriers that exceed their carbon limit liable to pay a carbon tax.There will be no immediate impact on airfares as the tax will come into effect only after an airline has crossed its carbon emission limit as laid down by the EU. But if an alternative is not worked out by countries opposed to the EU scheme, the one-way cost of an air ticket from India could go up by about Rs 350-750, depending on the length of the trip, say sources.Under the scheme, emissions will be measured for the entire length of the trip, irrespective of whether the flight begins or ends at an EU airport. So, for a Mumbai-London flight, the carbon emissions will be measured from the time the aircraft starts moving in Mumbai airport. Consequently, the quantum of carbon tax levy, say on a Dubai-London flight will be lesser than that on a Mumbai-London one.As on Tuesday, none of the airlines in India that fly to Europe had received communication from EU on the carbon emission limit. Once an airline crosses limit, it will need to buy carbon credits through the emission trade scheme. Meanwhile, the Indian government has continued its fight against the said scheme. A meeting was held by ministry of civil aviation (MOCA) officials with representatives from two countries on Tuesday, as MOCA continues to garner support globally against the EU scheme. In September, India along with 26 countries, including the US, China, Canada and Brazil had signed a joint-International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) declaration opposing the EU scheme.\"Currently, talks are on with countries opposed to the EU scheme to work out an alternative emissions plan to address the issue of carbon emissions,\" said an official from the civil aviation ministry. The issue will be taken up again in a meeting with other countries in January and in February, concrete steps will be taken in co-ordination with other countries to work out an alternative against the EU scheme, the official added.The average carbon emissions per passenger, flying economy class, on a Mumbai-London flight is about 600 kg. Irrespective of the EU-emissions trading scheme, if an economy-class passenger flying this route wants to offset the emissions on account of his/her air trip, the cost of emission reduction credits will be about Rs 383 (the number was arrived at by using an airline carbon emission calculator).For every business class passenger, an aircraft burns about 1,200 kg of carbon dioxide and for a first class passenger it is 1,800 kg. That is, an aircraft, burns 1,800 kg of carbon-dioxide to fly a first class passenger from Mumbai to London , a distance of about 7,200 km. To offset the damage, a business class and first class passenger will need to buy credits worth Rs 795 and Rs 1,180 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11330809", "title": "Minimum wages for domestic helps", "text": "NAGPUR: State's labour department has issued a notification for bringing employment in domestic work under Section 27 of Minimum Wages Act, 1948, whereby domestic helps will get minimum wages. The government has urged citizens to send their suggestions and objections within three months, so they can would be considered while finalizing the draft.Trade unionist Jammu Anand welcomed this move and said this was another step in providing respect and security to domestic helps. \"There are over 15 lakh domestic helps in the state. Of them, 99% are women and 80% of them are Dalits. It is the society's responsibility to provide some security to them.\"Anand, who is the president of Domestic Workers' Union (AITUC), said that the state's move came after central government brought domestic helps under Industrial Workers' Act. \"The state government had enacted a separate law for domestic helps in 2008. A committee was set up in 2011 for implementing this law. The notification is the next step forward. However, domestic helps had to agitate a lot to come this far.\"Domestic helps usually work for three to four employers. The period of employment in many cases is not very long. Under such conditions, it will be difficult for the government to make employers contribute to provident fund and other welfare measures. Commenting on this aspect, Anand said, \"This role has to be obviously played by the government. The registration of domestic workers has started. Government is charging them Rs 60 per year. This will create a fund. It is up to the government to sanction a decent amount from this fund through which welfare measures can be undertaken.\"The enrolment of domestic workers is going on in seven districts in the first phase - Mumbai, Mumbai Suburban, Thane, Nagpur, Pune, Nashik and Aurangabad. The remaining districts will be covered in the second phase.The recognition of domestic helps is a large step forward considering that NDA government had derecognized domestic helps as workers. This move had taken away whatever legal rights these helps enjoyed. However, the government had to revoke the order following vehement opposition from National Federation of Indian Women ( NFIW) led by Annie Raja of AITUC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336698", "title": "No difference between art or commercial: Chitrangada Singh", "text": "Whether commercial or art cinema, Chitrangada Singh's passion for research on a film stays. She is currently shooting with Arjun Rampal for an untitled love story with sexual harassment in the backdrop, and Chitrangada went into minute details of the film).Desi Boyz was the stepping stone in commercial cinema for dainty Chitrangada Singh. But she maintains that she will always do good cinema, \"Chahe jo bhi ho jaaye...(come what may) whether commercial or whatever genre. This (Sudhir Mishra's untitled film with Arjun Rampal) is as commercial as Yeh Saali Zindagi or maybe a little more...Yeh Saali... did fantastically well for us..so I think whatever does well is commercial,\" believes the actress who has to finish some patchwork for I, Me Aur Main (with John Abraham ) and there is something big coming up which she is tight-lipped about.But Chitrangada wants to continue her journey with commercial cinema in a big way.\"Ya absolutely, I loved doing Desi Boyz. It was a good change. And these days there is no difference between art or commercial. Some people say it to prove a point. I loved Dhobi Ghaat. Kudos to Aamir as he lends his name to such films giving it a kind of credibility...more people should work towards good cinema,\" says Chitrangada.But be it commercial or middle of the road cinema, looks like Chitrangada believes in doing thorough research for every film she does. Her untitled film with Arjun is a love story set in a complicated situation with sexual harassment in a corporate house in the backdrop. And Chitrangada researched on the subject by asking some HR heads as to what happens in sexual harassment cases. \"Now it is mandatory by law that if there is a complaint you have to look into it.. Committee sits on it. Lot of times the girl is given golden handshake if the guy has to stay on,\" says the actress sounding extremely confident about the subject.She adds, \"And we can relate to the subject because at some point of time most of the girls have gone through it. Get in and get off in a DTC bus and you will get the experience of sexual harassment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11333929", "title": "Move to lure butterflies back to Vilappilsala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vilappilsala, the garbage dumping yard of the city, may soon retain its lost charm. Team Eco Ventures India Private Limited, Trivandrum Round Table 126 (TRT 126), in association with NSS volunteers of Vellanad school have set up a butterfly garden here by planting 250 native trees and plants to attract the colourful winged insects.The chemical spraying at Vilappilasala garbage treatment plant has disturbed the biodiversity in the region. People who stay near the treatment plant say that the spraying of chemicals to repel flies and mosquitoes had adversely affected the butterfly population and people's health.\"My husband suffers from an acute respiratory disease. It increases when the chemicals are sprayed, which is mostly during night. He cannot withstand the smell. Butterflies are very delicate insects. If the spraying can affect us, imagine what damage it could do to the insects,\" says Marykutty, who lives near the plant.Praveen Muralidharan, area green convenor of Trivandrum Round Table International and a wildlife enthusiast, said butterflies, if any, exist only in the adjoining areas of Vilappilsala because of the chemical spraying. \"We conducted a study to ascertain the kind of butterflies that inhabit this region. Blue Mormon, Grey Pansy and Southern Bird Wing are some of the varieties that were commonly spotted. We identified their preferred food source (host plants) and decided to go ahead with the planting,\" he said.The Round Table has roped in Vellanad UP School for the implementation of the project as they already had a working relationship with them. Volunteers from the school had participated in a Round Table programme last year, where they planted 1,000 native trees in Trivandrum. This year, 50 NSS volunteers under the guidance of Dr Arun created the butterfly garden within the school campus.Dr Arun said plants such as hibiscus would start flowering within two months and schoolchildren who tend these plants must learn to look out for chrysalis and record its metamorphosis into a butterfly, which is a rare sight these days.The Round Table has roped in Vellanad UP School for the implementation of the project as they already had a working relationship with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11333232", "title": "Obama signs bill to suspend $1.1 bn aid to Pak", "text": "WASHINGTON: US president Barack Obama has signed into law a massive $662-billion defence spending bill that also seeks to suspend a big chunk of $1.1 billion military aid to Pakistan, despite his \"serious reservations\" about provisions regulating detention and prosecution of suspected terrorists.\"I have signed this bill despite having serious reservations with certain provisions that regulate the detention, interrogation and prosecution of suspected terrorists ,\" Obama said in a statement after signing the bill in Hawaii , where the First Family is currently on the year-end vacation.The $662-billion defence authorization bill for the year 2012, among other things, seeks to suspend 60% of $1.1 billion military aid to Pakistan - under the category Pakistan Counter-insurgency Fund - till secretaries of state and defence report to the Congress that Islamabad is making progress in the war on terror, particularly progress in strategies to counter manufacturing IEDs.IEDs, which are mostly manufactured in Pakistan in its illicit factories, are one of the largest factors responsible for the death of American troops in Afghanistan . However , Obama in in his signing statement made no reference to this provision of the bill, which had drawn widespread condemnation in Pakistan and put another strain in US-Pakistan ties.The Obama administration has maintained that the bill under no circumstances results in suspension of US military aid to Pakistan; as being interpreted by the Pakistani media.Romney leading GOP president's raceFormer Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney , who is leading among all Republican presidential aspirants ahead of the key Iowa Caucus next week, has stepped up his attack on president Barack Obama, saying he would be little more than \"a footnote\" in the US history because of his \"poor\" decision-making .The latest opinion poll by local DeS Moines Register said that Romney was leading among all the Republican presidential hopefuls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11331576", "title": "Four held for cheating people in the name of polishing ornaments", "text": "INDORE: City police on Saturday arrested four persons, including three minors, who used to lure people to get their jewelleries polished and decamped with a part of yellow metal after putting it in a strong chemical, leaving the jewellery light.City superintendent of police (CSP) Shailendra Singh Chauhan said the accused after convincing people used to dip the jewelleries in a strong chemical which melted a part of the yellow metal. They would then clean up the ornament and hand it back to the owners who rearely realised that the jewellery have become light in weight. They would then flee with the molten metal.Malharganj police said three minor boys approached a lady Bhanwaribai on Sunday morning. The trio put her jewelleries, which she had given for polishing, in a chemical. They returned the ornaments after cleaning.However, Bhanwaribai suspected that the jewelleries had become lighter and informed the police. The police arrested the trio, Sonu, Sunil and Amit, following her complaint. The accused are residents of Khandwa who worked in Indore. They are reported to have duped people in Aerodrum and Malharganj areas.In a similar incident, a man Ranjit Kumar approached a family in Scheme No. 51. He tactfully convinced one Sonabai and asked for her jewelleries for polishing. Finding the jewellery lighter after cleaning, she filed a complaint with the Aerodrum police. The accused is a resident of Bihar.Police are further interrogating the accused to know about their involvement in other criminal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11332738", "title": "Devotees donate Rs 10L to renovate shrine", "text": "THRISSUR: Thrissur residents offered more than Rs 10 lakh to renovate the 400-year-old Choorakkattukara temple at Amala Nagar. The offering was given at a traditional function called 'parayeduppu' on Sunday. There were 101 paras full of one-rupee coins, each totaling Rs 11,000. Dhanalakshmi Bank handed over the currency to the temple authorities in exchange of one rupee coins.The temple, which is under the jurisdiction of Cochin Devaswom Board, will be renovated in three phases and the expenditure will be Rs 1 crore. Devaswom will provide Rs 12 lakh for this.President of temple advisory committee A Vijayan said, \"Earlier, mini pooram of Thrissur pooram was conducted here at this temple. But in time, the temple lost its relevance. It has not been renovated for a long time. Now, with the money we have collected, the renovation is expected to start in a week. At present, sanctum sanctorum of the temple is not separated from 'valiyambalam'. We will undertake this work as part of renovation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11332518", "title": "Ray of hope for Wayanad farmers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has declared Wayanad a disaster-hit district following a deep plunge in prices of spices and vegetables that created a crisis in the farming sector. The government is likely to announce a special relief package for the Wayand farmers this week.A state cabinet meet the week last took the decision to declare the northern district as disaster-hit. The decision would help farmers get financial assistance and relief from the government.Following the steep fall in prices, particularly of crops like pepper, ginger, plantain and vegetables, farmers in Wayanad have been caught in a debt-trap since they had availed huge loans from banks and other financial institutions. There were also reports of debt-ridden farmers committing suicide from the region.Sources said the cabinet decision followed a report submitted by a high-level committee headed by additional chief secretary K Jayakumar. The panel, appointed in October last, was mandated to look into the crisis in the farming sector of Wayanad.The committee found that Wayanad has been facing multiple risks apart from the price crash, and it noticed several indications of an impending agriculture crisis in the district. The government had earlier decided to stop financial institutions from attaching agriculture land of Wayanad farmers, who had defaulted in repaying loans. The farmers have been unable to repay loans as prices of their produces crashed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331345", "title": "Corporators slam BMC panel\u2019s fast-track nod for key projects", "text": "MUMBAI: In the last one month, the civic body's standing committee passed contracts worth over Rs 1,000 crore within a few minutes.The opposition parties claim that there is hardly any deliberation on most plans and this is setting a \"dangerous trend\".However, the Sena-BJP corporators say there is nothing to discuss in \"routine proposals\". According to experts, there is nothing new about the committee's manner of functioning, but the only difference is that it is now being questioned. In the last meeting, the panel passed two storm water drain proposals worth Rs 257 crore under the Brimstowad project.Opposition members alleged that the plan was passed without any discussion indicating the intentions of the ruling alliance. \"I will drag them to court as they pass the proposals without any discussion. The storm water drain proposal could have cost half as much,\" said MNS leader Mangesh Sangle.Sena-BJP corporators refute such allegations. \"Who has stopped the corporators from opposition parties from speaking? They have never asked for voting on any issue. Staging walkouts is political in nature especially when the elections are round the corner,\" said BJP leader Ashish Shelar. Many believe that the impending civic polls are influencing the standing panel's functioning.Juhu corporator Adolf D'souza said, \"It is unprecedented that the standing committee is functioning in this fashion. Proposals haven't been passed in this manner during the last five years.\"NCP group leader Niyaz Vanu added, \"Our voices are falling on deaf ears. The Sena-BJP corporators stick to their own agenda.\"The standing committee's style of functioning is appalling, say experts. \"It is sad but not unpredictable. This is how they have been functioning before every election. However, I am sure that citizens can see through them,\" said former civic chief D M Sukhtankar.Most say the fate of all proposals is predetermined; this lead a former chief minister to describe the standing panel as \"understanding committee\". Civic activist Navin Pandya said, \"All political parties sit together and decide the outcome of the proposal even before the meeting. There is absolutely no debate about the costing of each project.\"Another activist Santosh Awatramani said, \"What is the point of electing the corporators if they feel they do not need to discuss and evaluate important proposals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11331032", "title": "GMC scam: Three probes but no FIR", "text": "YAVATMAL: The five member panel from Director of Medical Education and Research, Pune, concluded their three-day-long probe into the Rs 50 lakh goods purchase scam in the Government Medical College on Saturday evening. The team scrutinized the files and records and recorded the statements of several persons involved in the scam.DMER is the third team which conducted the inquiry. Earlier, a two-member mantralaya and local GMC team had conducted their probes. It is expected that a joint report of the DMER and Mantralaya teams will be submitted to government shortly. The most ironical part of the entire episode is that even after the confirmation of the scam by three probe panels no FIR has been filed.Though the DMER probe panel members remained tight-lipped, sources in college affirmed that the scam is of around Rs 50 lakh. Three clerks who were the store keepers, the then administrative officer, the resident medical officer and ex-dean of the college are said to be behind the scam. Action will be initiated against them after the final report is submitted to the government.One of the clerks Gajanan Thakre and Dean Dr SK Bobhate are now posted at Akola while statistician turned administrative officer Thorat was shunted back to his parent department of preventive and social medicine. Another clerk Vinod Gulhane was stripped off his role as store in-charge and sent back to department of anaesthesia while one more clerk Patil was posted at OPD.Resident medical officer (RMO) Dr Dilip Raut is scheduled to retire in four months. Though RMO and dean are not directly involved in the scam, they cannot be absolved from the liabilities as all the bills were passed under their signatures, sources said.The scamThe brief backdrop of the scam was that during the regime of Dr Bobhate as dean, purchases of pipes and utensils for kitchen, trolleys for wards to serve food, beds and bed sheets for the indoor patients were purchased on paper and a planned attempt was made to pocket a huge sum of over Rs 50 lakh by producing bogus purchase bills by the concerned store in-charges. Quotations were passed and partial payments were made. But the articles claimed to be purchased had never reached the stores.Meanwhile, Dr Bobhate was transferred to Akola GMC and Dr Anant Dongre from IGGMC, Nagpur, took over as new dean. Dr Dongre was unaware of the bogus purchase and the scamsters submitted the relevant bills for his sanction. But an alert Dr Dongre, instead of giving a blanket approval, decided to check with the respective store keepers and personally verify the stocks.During inspection, it came to his notice that though the articles were claimed to have been purchased, they are not found either in the wards, kitchen or in the stores.Dongre ordered a probe into the affairs. The GMC investigation team headed by Dr Jatkar, head of surgery department, gave its report confirming the scam. Then Dongre informed his higher-ups and demanded another probe and accordingly, a vigilance team from medical education department in the Mantralaya came to Yavatmal and conducted the inspection. They too found that allegation holds water and finally DMER Pune sent a team to probe the scam.Amravati-based NGO has now come up with a claim that the GMC is owing to them around Rs 10 lakh for purchase of bed and bedsheets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333314", "title": "R K Dutta appointed DGP of CID cell", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government on Sunday appointed senior IPS officer R K Dutta as the new DGP of CID (Special Units and Economic Offences). Dutta was heading the Karnataka State Police Housing Corporation.DG &amp; IGP Shankar M Bidari has been appointed ex-officio chairman of Karnataka State Police Housing Corporation. The government has promoted a few officers and transferred some. The names and postings are: B E Umapathy (ADGP - research and restructuring); M N Reddi (ADGP and executive director - Karnataka State Police Housing Corporation); Raghavendra H Auradkar (ADGP and secretary to government, home department); Alok Mohan (ADGP - recruitment and training); N S Megharikh (ADGP - CID); Dr R P Sharma (ADGP - BMTF); Pranab Mohanty (IGP and joint commissioner of police - crimes (west), Bangalore); Alok Kumar (IGP, ANF); B Dayananda (DIG and joint commissioner of police - crimes (east); H S Venkatesh (SP, Internal Security Division); Ishwarachandra Vidyasagar (SP - Bagalkot); Labhu Ram (SP, Davangere); Abhishek Goyal (SP, Dakshina Kannada).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11332626", "title": "Langar of gaiety and solemnity", "text": "HYDERABAD: One of the most spectacular pageants in the calendar of erstwhile Hyderabad was the Langar procession which became an annual event after the precedent set by Hyat Bakshi Begum.Initially an act of thanksgiving at the safe return home of her son Abdullah Qutub Shah from a perilous journey, the parade eventually came to signify a collective show of solidarity with the monarch by citizens and gave expression to their gratitude at his wellbeing.Historically the parade embodied widely differing emotions and defined a code of conduct for muted expressions of joy in a period of grief that marks Muharram, the month of mourning. The Langar procession continued through the Qutub Shahi period and was later continued by the succeeding Asaf Jahi dynasty after Nizam Ali Khan once again established Hyderabad as capital, bringing pomp and glory back to the city. There was however a paradigm shift in connotations with an undisguised element of gaiety now dominating the proceedings.So great was the impact of this change on social behaviour that the actual mourning period of Muharram commenced only after the Langar had concluded. It thus became an exceptional event, unlike any other pageant, commencing on the morning of the 5th of Muharram with gay abandon and culminating on a sombre note the next morning. Khwaja Ghulam Hussain, a chronicler of early Asaf Jahi period has left behind a detailed account of the Langar procession as witnessed during the times of Sikandar Jah, Nizam III.The ceremonies are said to have commenced with the Langar of the Paigah, premier noble of the Nizam's era which started off early in the morning. The parade was led by a contingent of ferocious jallad-s (executioners), bearing their trademark broad sickles. Next came the richly caparisoned elephant of Shams-ul Umera, the Amir-e-Kabir seated in the howdah with a golden chain tied around his waist along with chains made up of flowers.His mount, surrounded by his personal body guard in their regimental finery, was followed by another elephant bearing his standard. His entire army followed with numerous regiments of infantry and cavalry including the elephant and camel brigades.Mingling with these heavily armed soldiers were attendants and retainers carrying smoking canisters of frankincense and pots full of perfume enriching the air with the aroma of a heavenly bouquet. The rear was taken up by musicians, some on foot and others mounted on elephants playing kettle drums and trumpets, the naubat and naqqara, which were the prerogative of a select few among the Deccan nobility.At mid-day the Paigah procession merged with the royal Langar, with the elephant bearing the standard of the Nizam now in the lead followed by that of the revenue department, which for most of the Asaf Jahi period remained with the Malwala family, hereditary custodians of revenue records to the Nizams, descendents of Raja Sagar Mull, an orphaned relative of Raja Raghunath, the Grand Vazir of Delhi under Aurangzeb who had been brought up by Asaf Jah I and accompanied him to the Deccan.Other nobles with their contingents followed along with the contingent of royal kitchens which was responsible for the royal Langar consisting of Alams and other paraphernalia, including food and drinks offered to the public as part of the ceremonies.The French battalion of Monsieur Raymond and Sikh troops also participated in this massive march past which presented arms first to the Prime Minister and then to the royal family at their respective palaces before terminating at the Ashoor Khana Hussaini Alam.Ritual offerings, feeding of the poor and distribution of alms, marked the commencement of Muharram ceremonies. The procession had taken on additional meaning during Asaf Jahi times with the Nizam often using the Langar as an indication of his favour. The troops would be ordered to offer the salute to some grandee who had ingratiated himself with the Nizam or to ignore others who were entitled to the show of respect signalling royal displeasure.It is said that the first inkling of Maharaja Kishen Pershad being appointed Prime Minister came when the Langar parade presented arms at his palace a few days before the official announcement. The Maharaja is said to have hastily retreated to an inner chamber leaving the royal insignia hanging from his balcony as he did not want to embarrass the Paigah nobles, who were relatives of the Nizam, by accepting their salute. The historic Langar procession, which had turned into a one of the most secular public events of Hyderabad where the nobility led by example, ensuring participation of all sections of society irrespective of religious affiliations, was discontinued during the latter part of Osman Ali Khan's reign (1911-1948) for no explicable reason. Incidentally this act marks the commencement of decline and eventual fall of the Asaf Jahi dynasty. (The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11331449", "title": "Cervical cancer cases on the wane in state: Study", "text": "KOLKATA: The number of patients suffering from cervical cancer - the second-most common form of the disease in women behind breast cancer - has dwindled marginally in Bengal. Improvements in living standards and better personal hygiene might have contributed to it, though the state still has 26,000 cervical patients and more than 50,000 in the pre-cancerous stage, says a survey funded by the central government. More than 80% of the affected women hails from rural areas.The rate of occurrence in the state has dropped from 32 per lakh to 27 over the last decade, disclosed a pilot project on \"Screening and Management of Cervical Cancer in Rural Poor Women\".Funded by the Centre's department of biotechnology, the study was carried out on 6,000 women in Burdwan. It showed that even though awareness was low, there has been a marginal drop in the number of both affected women and those in the pre-cancerous stage.\"This could be attributed to a rise in general living standards and better living conditions. Personal hygiene, which is one of the prime causes behind the disease, remains poor. But with improvement in living standards, hygiene, too, has improved marginally. This is a good sign, but unless we can address other factors that lead to the disease, things will remain static,\" said oncologist Chinmay Bose, who led the study.Apart from poor hygiene, multiple partners, child birth and irregular lifestyle are believed to be responsible for triggering the disease. Regular screening and early detection are the only accepted method of keeping cervical cancer in check. The HPV vaccine that had been used to prevent the disease in some parts of the country, including Bengal, fell through after several deaths were reported.The study recommends a wider screening programme, covering all districts, towns and cities. \"Detection at the pre-cancerous stage is very important. There are thousands of patients who could be identified through a method called colposcopy. It will help to curb cervical cancer in a big way,\" said Bose.Experts pointed out that it was a misconception that the disease was a predominantly rural one. \"The incidences are higher in non-urban areas for they have a bigger population. Going by the rate of occurrence, there won't be much of a difference. But the reasons behind the disease might vary. In metros, for instance, lifestyle could be a more common trigger than personal hygiene. Multiple partners could be a reason anywhere,\" said Gautam Mukhopadhyay, senior oncologist.This was a golden opportunity to go all-out and launch an eradication attempt, experts believed. \"USA has managed to reduce the rate of occurrence to just 8 per lakh from around 30. We need a concerted effort, involving an awareness-cum-screening programme. If we don't we will lose a chance to curb the disease,\" said Ashish Mulhopadhyay, oncologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11333090", "title": "100 accidents in city on NYE", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a dampener to the festive cheer pervading the entire city New Year's Eve saw almost a hundred accidents across the city, with most of them being caused by drinking and driving.The number of cases reported at the emergency department of the Gauhati Medical College and hospital (GMCH) were around 100, recorded between December 31 afternoon and January 1, including road accidents and cases of physical assault.A GMCH official said, \"There were a lot of bike accidents where many youngsters in their 20's and early 30's were injured. Other than that, there was a case of a group of youngsters with suicidal injuries. It seems they had a quarrel over some issue and a few of them slashed their wrists.\"He added the number of accidents in the city tends to increase during the festive season, be it Durga puja or New Year's Eve, and the reason is mostly drunken driving.Other than the GMCH, accident cases were also reported from different private hospitals in the city. The GNRC received around seven cases on 31st night, with most of them being youngsters.Samit Borborah, a youngster whose bike collided with a car, said, \"We were returning from a friend's place when my bike was hit by an oncoming car. I fractured my right arm while the car driver received minor injuries. Though people presume mostly bikers are drunk, that was not the case here. But, yes, the road was empty and I was riding a little faster than I normally do.\"Prabal Das, a retired government official, said, \"Though the festive season is a time for merriment and fun, we cannot afford to be careless that lives are lost. Youngsters today do not have a sense of responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11332601", "title": "Giant cake unveiled in city mall", "text": "KOCHI: An 18 feet long giant cake weighing 650 kilogram was unveiled by K Babu, minister for excise and ports at Gold Souk Grande Mall in Vyttila on Sunday. The giant cake that was prepared as part of the Grand Kerala Shopping Festival (GKSF) was cut by the minister and distributed among the inmates from Snehabhavan, an orphanage in Palluruthy.The cake that is shaped and designed to resemble the GKSF shopping bag logo had a length of 18 feet and a width of 13 feet. The chef in Cookie Shop situated in MG Road used nearly 75 kg of flour, 70 kg sugar, 50 kg icing and dry fruits and took three days to bake the jelly sponge cake that covered an area of 300 sq ft in Gold Souk. V Madhusoodhanan, GKSF event coordinator, said the giant cake aimed at attracting more shoppers, added flavour to the festive spirit of the festival. \"This cake gives the public and tourists an opportunity to share the sweetness of festive season\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11331118", "title": "MERC raises power tariff by over 1%", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems to be no end to the woes of power consumers in the state. Even as they are coming to terms with the steep hike in power tariff effected in November, power regulator MERC has hiked the tariff by over 1% with immediate effect.MSEDCL had filed a petition claiming that the tariff hike in November was not sufficient. In addition, Appellate Tribunal for Electricity ( ATE) had asked MERC to allow MSEDCL to recover Rs 487.46 crore for losses incurred in 2001-02.This is the main reason for the hike. MSEDCL will recover additional Rs 405 crore from consumers.MSEDCL officials said that as MERC had not specified the methodology for recovering the amount, this would be done on pro-rata basis on the lines of the surcharge approved in the commission's October 31, 2011 order. This means that lower end consumers will pay less while industries and high-end domestic and commercial consumers will pay the maximum amount.The commission has, however, issued several directives to MSEDCL for improving its functioning. The company has been asked to submit a plan to recover arrears within 30 days. It stated that while MSEDCL's collection efficiency was between 94 and 97%, it had to increase beyond 100% to improve the company's financial condition.Expressing dissatisfaction over MSEDCL's failure to meter distribution transformers and unmetered agricultural consumers, the commission has directed it to submit an action plan within a month to meter transformers and perform circle wise energy audit. A similar plan has to submitted for metering farm pumps.Despite MERC directions to not release any unmetered agricultural pump connections, MSEDCL sanctioned over a lakh such connections in 2010-11. The commission has directed MSEDCL to meter them within six months.The commission has also rejected MSEDCL's claims of power consumption by unmetered agricultural pumps. It has asked the company to study agricultural pump power consumption and submit a report within one year.MSEDCL had claimed that intra-state transmission loss was 1.17% against MERC's target of 5.69%. However, the commission has expressed doubt about this figure, stating such a drastic change was not possible. It has asked MSEDCL to completely review its energy accounting process and present the actual figure when it submits the next tariff petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11332878", "title": "Drunk driving cases fall on 31st as Mumbai sobers up for 2012", "text": "MUMBAI: Lakhs of people were out on the roads to usher in the New Year on Saturday despite cold winds, as the police ensured the night passed without any major incident.The city saw a dip in drunk driving cases on New Year's Eve compared to the previous year. The traffic police prosecuted 739 drivers between Saturday night and early Sunday at 75 locations. Last year's figure was a shameful 860, said officials. No fatal accident or injury due to drunk driving was reported in the city.Popular south Mumbai destinations were the crowd favourites; more than a lakh spent part of the night at the Gateway while the headcount for Marine Drive stood at about 1.5 lakh.The windy weather is likely to continue till Tuesday, the weather bureau said. The minimum temperature rose as high as 21 degrees Celsius on Sunday, about five degrees higher than the day before. And the maximum temperature dropped to 27 degrees, about three lower than on Saturday.In Nerul, a couple was killed while driving back to their residence in Pune. Their Maruti Omni was hit from behind by a speeding dumper at L P Bridge along the Sion-Panvel Road. In another incident, two sisters from Mankhurd drowned in the Khadavali river near Titwala on New Year's Eve. Vaishali Dandage (17) studied in a Mumbai college and Deepali (15) was school-going.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "11333701", "title": "BIET inks MoU with US university", "text": "DAVANAGERE: A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed between Bapuji Institute of Engineering and Technology (BIET), Davanagere, and Oklahoma State University (USA) here on Friday for various academic and research programmes.Dr Keith Teague, professor and head of school of electrical engineering and computer science, Oklahoma State University, and Prof Ramakumar, director of Engineering labs, Oklahoma State University, visited departments and laboratories to know the facilities available at BIET campus and expressed their satisfaction over the quality of the institution.\"We are also starting interaction with universities/ technical institutes on rural engineering and non-renewable energy Ramakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338791", "title": "Isha Sharvani makes her K-town debut", "text": "The Kisna actor has done an item number in Suriya's next.Isha Sharvani might have opted out of Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam, but the petite actor has done an item number in Suriya's next Maatran. Sources say that the shoot for the song took place in Chennai recently on a magnificent set created by art director Rajeevan. The film that has Suriya and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead is directed by KV Anand of Ayan fame.Isha who was supposed to make her Kollywood debut with Kamal's magnum opus Viswaroopam had to opt out of the film due to date issues. Isha had earlier told us, \"Unfortunately, I won't be able to do the film. There was an inordinate delay in the start of the shoot and I had to opt out of the project. There was a clash between my dates and the film's shoot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11332478", "title": "CBI zeroes in on places for Bhanwari's body", "text": "JODHPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has intensified its search for missing nurse Bhanwari Devi's body. The agency's teams have been seen using special devices to locate her skeletons which the agency suspects might be buried somewhere in the ground.Sources said after grilling Om Prakash Bishnoi, brother of Bishnaram Bishnoi, CBI had identified some places where she might have been buried. Bishnaram is accused of disposing of her body. The CBI announced a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh on Bishnaram after the agency failed to trace him. A CBI team on Sunday camped at Jaloda village and nearby areas adjacent the canal and conducted a search for her body using special devices, sources said.Bishnaram belongs to Jaloda village and after taking possession of Bhanwari, reportedly dead, near Nevra Road, he headed towards Phalodi through Osian. It is now believed that he disposed of her body somewhere in his village in the vicinity of canal on the same night.Earlier, the CBI along with the police, has also searched for her body along the track from Bilara to Nevra Road assuming that Sohan Lal and Shahabuddin might have disposed the bodysomewhere along this track after strangulating her. But after the role of Bishnaram surfaced and the CBI succeeded in arresting his brother Om Prakash, the CBI has now appeared to have narrowed down to the conclusion that she might have buried somewhere in Bishnaram's operation area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337523", "title": "Una Healy not embarrassed by toilet visits", "text": "Una Healy goes to the toilet in front of her fianceBen Foden.The pregnant singer - who is expecting a baby girl with the England rugby player - used to try to hide the sound of going to the loo when she was with the sportsman, but she now feels completely comfortable with him.She said: \"You find yourself going to the toilet in front of them! When you first meet, you're embarrassed - even by the sound of your own wee. I used to put loads of toilet paper down there!\"The Saturdays star - who has been in a relationship with Ben since 2008 - says the 26-year-old hunk has a charming side and he can often be found in the kitchen cooking her dinner, but he still hasn't bought her a 30th birthday present, even though her big day was in October.She said: \"Ben's really bad. He still hasn't got me a birthday present and it was weeks ago!\"But when he does do something romantic, it means so much. He looks after me, though. I'll get in and he'll have the dinner on.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "way back in the late '40s or early '50s, ustad allauddin khan saab had come to perform at indira cinema hall for a concert with son ustad ali akbar khan. the audience was expecting fireworks on stage but instead what created a huge sensation was a comment from the sarod legend of the maihar gharana", "code": "11331468", "title": "When They Struck A Chord", "text": "Way back in the late '40s or early '50s, Ustad Allauddin Khan saab had come to perform at Indira cinema hall for a concert with son Ustad Ali Akbar Khan. The audience was expecting fireworks on stage but instead what created a huge sensation was a comment from the sarod legend of the Maihar gharana: \"Ki bajaite shosh? Tui toh kichhui janos na!\" Those two sentences from Ustad Allauddin Khan saab sent across a ripple in the music fraternity, so much so that this anecdote has almost become a folklore of sorts to explain how gurus at one point of time used to teach their students/children in full view of the audience.Says sarod player Anindya Banerjee: \"My mother was a classical vocalist and this is one of the most sensational stories that she often recollected to demonstrate to me how training of Hindustani classical music often happened on-stage and how it helped in true grooming. Allauddin Khan saab had even slapped my guru, Ustad Ali Akbar Khan saab, on this occasion. There was no fear of hurting egos. The audience, too, was very learned and understood exactly why the guru was making such a comment. Much later in 1996, I attended a concert of my guru and Ustad Aashish Khan at Vivekananda Park. My guru was playing raag Medhabi and somehow, Aashishda wasn't too comfortable with it. After some time, my guru just took the mic and said: 'Aashish parchhe na eta bajate. Amra ekhon 'Chayanat' bajabo.' He then went on to tell the audience that there was no reason to add any colour to the incident simply because he was only following the process of teaching/playing that he too had undergone as a student. 'Amrao ebhabei shikhechhi', he had said.\"Needless to say, this behaviour of the gurus instilled in the audience a feeling that they ought not to settle down for anything but the best quality music at conferences. There was no room for short-cuts. Anything a notch below excellence was booed out. Recalls Pt Tejendra Narayan Majumdar about a concert of Ustad Vilayat Khan in the late-70s at Kalamandir: \"I was a young student then and had gone to listen to the concert along with Kushal Das and Tanmoy Bose at a Malkauns festival. Vilayat Khan saab started off singing and playing simultaneously. All of a sudden, an old man walked up from the rear end of the hall and shouted: 'Aap humko bewakuf samajte hai kya? Khan saab, kuchh asli cheez sunaiye. Hum yahan pe reyaaz shunne nahin aaye hai!' Saying this, he just walked out of the auditorium. There was pin-drop silence and we didn't even know what would happen next. There were talks about how this could have been a case of someone having planted such a specimen in the auditorium just to spoil his concert. It took a lot of cajoling for Khan saab to perform again. But once back, he gave the performance of a lifetime. That was perhaps my best-heard Malkauns recital of Khan saab.\"Pt Shankar Ghosh speaks of an instance from the dhrupad festival in Kolkata where a performer went wrong with his body language. \"During those days, there were learned people in the audience. One singer started singing dhrupad, but borrowed the hand movements of kheyal as opposed to the style of keeping taal that's customary for dhrupad renditions. After a while, someone in the audience said: \"O Bamapado, eta ki khel hochhe naki?\" And that was enough to make him mend his ways,\" Ghosh says.Then again, there is a story of how once actor Pahari Sanyal had reacted after listening to a Calcutta Music Circle concert in 1967. \"I had invited the violinist M S Gopalkrishnan to perform at this concert and had requested him to play a raag that would be identical to a raag from the North Indian classical music. He had played a raag that resembled our 'Puriya Dhanashree'. And it was absolutely phenomenal. After the programme got over, an overwhelmed Pahari Sanyal walked up to the stage and said: \"Jog (V G Jog) ko bolo apna violin ko tod ke Hooghly mein phek de!\" The point I'm trying to make here is that the audience then was hungry for good music,\" says Pt Vijay Kichlu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11337600", "title": "Aakash tablet's rival Classpad launched by IITian", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rohit Pande, a graduate of the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi and Indian Institute of Management-Calcutta comes back to his alma mater to launch his latest innovation Classpad.With his academic background Rohit, is plans to make education accessible to each student according to one's own merit and intellect. Classpad facilitates personalized and interactive learning in the classroom and makes education accessible to every student according to his/ her individual intelligence level and talent.Using the Classpad, teachers can transfer class work to the students' tablet, share their own content instantly and conduct tests/ assessments. Students can also give undivided attention to class lessons, attempt assessments and get results to further enhance their learning.Classpad has a touchscreen with a 7 hour battery life, 1.3 Ghz processing speed and a built-in memory of 4GB expandable upto 8GB. The tablet is available in three sizes - seven, eight and 10 inches - and costs between Rs 7,500 and 14,000.Several schools across the country have tiedup for the device, including Fr Agnel School, Delhi; SSB Bangalore; and Centre Point School, Nagpur. However, the tablet is not available for retail sale yet, it is available only for schools.Addressing the participants at the launch, Rohit Pande, CEO, Classteacher Learning Systems said, \"Our education system does not differentiate students according to the learning capabilities and teach them at the same level, but the software installed in Classpad tests students' problem solving, creativity and application of language skills. It provides them with personalized teaching as per their learning capabilities. Equipped with artificial intelligence, Classpad can help to categorize students as fast learners, average learners and slow learners. Classpad can assist in reducing the monotony of repetitive sessions in the classroom. Teachers can now complete their syllabus within schedule and get considerable time to focus on slow learners.\"Classpad is available for students in standard 3 to 12th.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11333724", "title": "The arithmetic of alliance", "text": "As UP heads for the mother of all political battles, pundits are more or less unanimous about one outcome - there would be no clear winner. So, who will form the next government after the seven-phase grind in February will depend on the post-election chemistry. The party with the best disposition form bonds with others will outpace its rivals in the race to the crown.\"The parties though claim of getting absolute majority, do not seem to be confident about results. Hence they are trying to confuse voters by accusing rivals of having a tacit understanding, says a political analyst. \"Given the uncertainty about the poll results, smaller parties will play a crucial role government formation. Further, besides Muslim factor, the alliances among big parties would take place with 2012 Lok Sabha elections in mind,\" he adds.A few days back, journalists in Lucknow received an e-mail from bspbjpfriendship@ gmail.com 'exposing' behind-the-curtains bonhomie between BSP and BJP, although the two parties attack each other in public. Referring to the controversy over the BSP government 'obliging' BJP leaders by paying their hotel bills during their stay in Lucknow to take part in the national executive meet in June, the sender requested media persons `to do something about the double standards' of the two parties.The leaders of the both the parties were quick to issue denials but the email, presumably a brainchild of a mischievous political mind, fuelled speculation about the possibilities of a BSP-BJP alliance in case none of the parties in fray get majority. It's not about BJP and BSP alone. When SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , in his election rally on November 16, appeared soft on the Congress and accused BJP and BSP of having a hidden agenda, the word in political corridors was that he was leaving scope for Congress support in case party fell short of numbers after polls. On the other hand, UP chief minister Mayawati while addressing a rally on November 27 had accused SP and BJP of `being hand in glove' to polarize people on communal grounds. On the other hand, the BJP has accused SP, BSP and Congress of projecting each other as rivals, although SP and BSP are supporting Congress-led UPA government and the latter as saving Mayawati and Mulayam from CBI in corruption cases.Political analysts see a high probability of a SPCongress post-poll tie-up, their present p o s t u r i n g notwithstanding. \"At present dealing with highly volatile and non-dependable allies like DMK and Trinamool, Congress badly needs a stable partner like SP with its 23 MPs. If Mulayam's party gives stability to the Central government, Congress - which is expecting to jack up its tally - can help him form the government.But, for that SP will have to improve its performance,\" says an analyst. Though the four major players - BSP, SP, BJP and Congress - have ruled out postpoll alliances with each other, history shows that nothing is impossible in politics. The quest to grab power and not ideology decides alliances. Mayawati became the chief minister with BJP support in 1995, 1997 and 2002. The BSP had contested 1993 assembly elections in pre-poll alliance with SP and in 1996 with Congress. On the other hand, BJP supported Mulayam when he became chief minister for the first time in 1989.Later, when BJP pulled the rug, he continued in office with the Congress's support. In 2004, Mulayam came to power with a 'helpful' BJP's Speaker Keshari Nath Tripathi who approved the defection by BSP MLAs, who supported the SP to form the government. As of now, only Congress has announced to enter a pre-poll pact with the Rashtriya Lok Dal. Although small, the RLD has influence in the Jat belt of western UP. With handful of MLAs and MPs, the RLD has been the major gainer of political instability between 1990 and 2007.At the Centre, RLD president Ajit Singh was minister in VP Singh government in 1989, Congress government under PV Narasimha Rao in 1995 and Atal Bihari Vajpayee government in 2001. Now, he has been inducted into the UPA II cabinet. In UP, the RLD has been part of BJP, SP and BSP governments between 1998 and 2007 when no party won absolute majority. Other small parties like the Peace Party, which performed well in byelections since 2007, are confident of playing crucial role in 2012.\"At present, the two poles in UP are SP and BSP, hence alliances are expected to take place around the two depending on the figures. The fight among SP, BSP and Congress is for the Muslim votes. If Mayawati will not get enough Muslim votes, she can ally with BJP, which would also help her play a crucial role after 2014 Lok Sabha elections, whereas SP and Congress will be more comfortable in taking each other's support in the state and the Centre,\" said political analyst Sudhir Panwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11322284", "title": "Happy New Year greetings: Kids came together to extend wishes differently", "text": "BHOPAL: Going beyond wishing happy New Year, some children from across the world came together to extend greetings somewhat differently They are extending good wishes for the New Year by appealing people to make it a toxic-free world.They are child activists, who came together online from Bhopal to New York , Katni to France to support each other on issues they feel strongly about.For these child activists, the agenda does not include party themes or celebrations. Rather they bond well on issues closer to their hearts and concern the future generations.One among them is Bhopal-based Safreen Khan, a teen activist, part of 'Children against DOW'. In contact with her New York-based friends Akash Mehta, 12, and Gautama Mehta, 16, online, they exchange ideas for supporting fight for justice for the Bhopal gas victims and trying to find ways to put pressure on the Dow chemical company and their respective governments.Akash and Gautama also help other kids in distress around the world. Congo, Afghanistan and the US to name a few countries. They started a group called 'Kids for a Better Future' (KBF) some four years ago.\"We are fighting for justice and we plan to drum up more support this year. After all, it is our own future we are striving for,\" said Safreen.Child activists are striving to expand their footprint. They are extending their support to their friends against POSCO plant in Orissa, Nandigram and children of French town of Toulouse, which was rocked by a devastating chemical explosion in 2001.Children in lesser known towns of Madhya Pradesh are also not far behind. A student of class VII in Katni, Megha Motwani, said, \"My message this year is to tackle de-forestation and lessen the impact of coal-based power plants coming up in and around Katni.\"They are putting the medium of online to a great use. \"These children work hard to make voices of boys and girls heard, a development being taken note of by NGOs and government officials,\" said UNICEF communication specialist Anil Gulati, who runs a blog in his personal capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11331071", "title": "Goa's checks on illegal mining under scanner", "text": "PANAJI: The Union mines ministry will convene a meeting of the Coordination Cum Empowered Committee (CCEC) on January 16 to have a state-wise review on steps taken by state governments to prevent illegal mining and the progress made on the Shah Commission's inquiry.The meeting is likely to be attended by the secretaries of mines and geology from Goa, Chhatisgarh, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat , Jharkhand, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa, Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu.The CCEC meeting will also take a state-wise review of status of quarterly reports on prevention of illegal mining.The meeting will also review the state government's model state mineral policy. The CCEC will also review the steps taken by the Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) for expediting forest clearances.The last meeting of the CCEC was held under the chairmanship of the mines secretary on September 20, 2011.The ministry recently reconstituted the CEC as 'Coordination-cum-Empowered Committee on Mineral Development and Regulation'. Its terms of reference have been broadened so as to bring within its ambit other important matters including sustainable development framework, coordination/review of steps for prevention of illegal mining, issues arising out of the national mineral policy and legislation governing mineral development etc.Goa has 336 valid mining leases out of which around 90 mines are operational. Last year, Goa exported 54 million tonnes of iron ore.The Shah Commission investigating into illegal mining has visited the state twice. The Government of India had constituted the commission to look into illegal mining in the country.The commission was asked to submit its report within 18 months from the date of its first sitting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11333210", "title": "\u2018Mustn\u2019t tinker with statute for Lokpal\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Hardening its stand on the Lokpal Bill, UPA ally Trinamool Congress on Saturday ruled out compromise on the Lokayukta provision and said the government should have faced voting in the Rajya Sabha. \"Trinamool Congress is not going to compromise on the federal structure of the Constitution and amendments put forward by the party have to be accepted,\" Trinamool Congress general secretary and MP Mukul Roy said on Sunday.He was reacting to Saturday's statement by home minister P Chidambaram that Trinamool's demand for total deletion of the Lokayukta provision might not be easy to meet and that the government might accept one or two of its amendments.Roy said the manner in which the Rajya Sabha was adjourned sine die without passing the Lokpal Bill did not augur well for democracy. \"The government should have faced the voting,\" he felt. Roy claimed that MPs from Mamata Banerjee's party had raised objections on the Lokayuta provision of the Lokpal Bill because there was an understanding with the government that Trinamool Congress' suggestions would be taken care of before the bill was moved in the Rajya Sabha. \"This assurance was not kept. Mamata's voice has found an echo in the opinions expressed by other chief ministers of the country,\" he said.Maintaining that Lokpal was not an isolated issue, Roy felt it was not proper to concentrate power in the Centre's hands and the state's rights should be \"recognized\". He noted that the central list, concurrent list and the state list have clearly defined subjects and there were no grey areas.Rajya Sabha member Derek O' Brien said the party's stand on Lokpal was consistent and clear and it had become a \"national stand\". Trinamool Congress and parties like BJP and Left parties had moved amendments for deletion of Part III of the Lokpal Bill related to appointment of Lokayukta in states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11332577", "title": "Doctors resume duty in all govt hospitals", "text": "JAIPUR: After 11 days of strike, doctors resumed duty in government hospitals with great enthusiasm on Sunday.Though it was a shivering day, and was a holiday, only 228 patients came in the OPD of Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital, which normally witnesses patients in the range of 3,500 to 4,500. A majority of the doctors were found sitting in their chairs in OPD. The OPD remained opened from 9 am to 11 am and majority of the doctors reported to duty though it was a Sunday.There were smiles on the faces of doctors, who greeted each other on New Year. In fact, they were resuming duty after 11 days of mass leave.Hospital superintendent LC Sharma said: \"Majority of the doctors reported for duty today. It was Sunday and not many patients came. The situation will become normal from Monday and hospital will witness the same rush as before.\"The resident doctors also resumed duty along with in-service doctors, medical college teachers and senior resident doctors. In all the other five medical colleges, too, the resident doctors resumed duty.At Kanwatia hospital, the second biggest government hospital in the district, doctors looked pleased with the state government's initiative to break the deadlock, which encouraged the striking doctors to call of the strike after the state government constituted a five-member committee to look into their demands.The doctors shared lighter moments talking about the strike. One of the doctors said, \"My wife asked, who is this Res\"h\"ma, for which doctors are going to jail.\"The doctors expressed their pleasure as the state government withdrew Rajasthan Essential Services Maintenance Act (RESMA) and released all the doctors, who were arrested for violating the Act.The army doctors and other services doctors, who were deployed at Kanwatia hospital during doctors' strike, were replaced by the in-service doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11331981", "title": "Honour killing - Man murders newly married sister", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a case of suspected honour killing in Ghaziabad, a man allegedly strangled his sister who had an inter-caste marriage against his wishes, police said.Shamim strangled his sister Shajiya on Saturday night when she came to visit her mother, SP (city) J K Shahi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11336221", "title": "\u2018E\u2019 Podu!", "text": "Kollywood's found a new marketing tool that will impact Tamil cinema in 2012Dhanush's Kolaveri Di... has made it to the top B-Schools as a case study to figure out the popularity of the song based on how and why it went viral on the Internet. Other Tamil movie makers soon followed suit and now marketing on the Internet is emerging as a major tool in the promotion of a film and its music.Take for, instance, the case of Naan. Vijay Antony's foray as an actor in Naan was launched through his networking page which he uses to connect with fans. Recently, he even launched a hunt for a lyricist online.Vijay says, \"The medium gives me an opportunity to make necessary changes or improvise on my output. Also, posting on social networking sites comes free of cost. And there is reposting and retweeting by fans which spreads the word about my film or my songs.\"Vignesh Menon's directorial venture, Vinmeengal, also has a fan page and trailer of the film online. The director says, \"We have an official fan page for the film where updates related to the film are posted from time to time. The power of social networking and video sharing sites is huge and it is one of the fastest ways to take your product directly to the masses.\" Viral marketing was a tool suggested also for the promotions of the Dhanapalan film, Krishnaveni Panchalai.MBA students worked on it as a project to identify new techniques in marketing. Explains Dhananjayan Govind, regional head of a production house, says, \"In Tamil cinema, the trend started Naan with the Mankatha's single, Vilaiyadu Mankatha.... Kolaveri Di... and Pappapappa..., took this trend further. Although, not every song can be a Kolaveri..., you need to be careful.Viral marketing is like a double-edged weapon. It can boomerang on you, if your content doesn't appeal to the masses. While viral marketing can help bring the crowd to the theatres first day first show, ultimately it is the quality of the product which will determine its fate.\" So, will this be a success route for medium and small budget films that have a limited marketing budget? Experts opine it is for both films with small and big budgets!While Internet penetration may be low in the country, a mobile phone with Internet access is a given for most urban mobile phone subscribers. Dhananjayan adds, \"Now it's possible to view a video with a single click of a button on the mobile.\"M E A N W H I L E . . . Here's a look at the Tamil films that made it to B-Schools due to their success:MUTHU: A case study on its success story in JapanENDHIRAN: A case study to analyze its success story globallyKOLAVERI: A case study on the success of its viral marketing strategy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11339336", "title": "6 youths accused of gangraping girl, let off", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six youths, accused of gangraping a teenaged girl, have been let off by a Delhi court on the victim's deposition that she had been forced to implicate them.Additional sessions judge R Kiran Nath let off the boys, all south Delhi residents, noting that the victim \"has turned totally hostile to the case of prosecution\".The case was registered on a complaint lodged by girl's father, who had alleged his daughter, aged about 15-16 years, had gone missing since April 22, 2011 and that he suspected someone might have allured her and taken her away.The girl was recovered from south Delhi. In her statement, she stated that on April 22, she had telephoned Rajesh asking him to come to meet her on which he sent her brother accused Tilak to pick her up. She said he took her to Ansal Plaza where all other accused - Anil, Prateek, Pinku, Rajesh and Sudhir, were also present.She said she was then taken to a room in Sangam Vihar, where all of them took turns to rape her.However, in her deposition to the court, she said on April 22, after having a quarrel at home she had gone to her friend Rahul's house where she stayed with his family for about five days and on April 27, she telephoned all the five accused persons to meet her at South Extension, Part II. She said the police personnel saw all of them together and brought them to the police station.She further deposed that her father was also called to the police station and she was forcibly asked to make wrong complaint against the accused persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11333254", "title": "New Year: Pine city teems with tourists on the event", "text": "SHILLONG: The Scotland of the East is beaming with new faces this New Year. Tourists from neighbouring Assam and West Bengal, who have chosen to spend the beginning of the year in the lap of unblemished nature, have thronged the Pine City.\"Oh, this place is peaceful, not only for the soul but also for the body,\" said Afrida Rehman, who was picnicking along with her family members by the serene Umiam (Barapani) Lake on the outskirts of the city on the New Years' Day.\"I like the chill here. It is so enjoyable,\" said Ramani Lahkar of Nawgaon, who was draped in woolens, even as she was busy cooking 'kichuri' by the lake to feed a huge contingent of New Year revelers accompanying him.Similar was the scene at the Shillong Peak and the Lady Hydari Park, which were crowded with tourists from various parts of the country despite the biting cold. \"There is a huge rush; people have formed long queues to get into the park and we are finding it a bit difficult to manage,\" admitted a staff manning the gates to the park.The famous Mawphlang Sacred Groves near the city too was teeming with visitors. \"This place is truly a paradise. I had heard about the age-old Khasi tradition of maintaining ecological balance by declaring several forests as sacred, and this is the first time I have actually visited one,\" said Shankar Das, a botanist from Kolkata, who had come the Pine City along with his family.On the other hand, the Ward's Lake in the heart of the city was also full of visitors, mostly young lovers enjoying boat rides. The famous Golf Links too was crowded by picnic parties. \"It has been an old tradition in Shillong for people to come to the Golf Course on New Year, Independence Day and Republic Day,\" said Susan Jana, an elderly lady who brought along her grandchildren to the famous 18-hole green turf with the little ones wishing everybody a Happy New Year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11333478", "title": "DK police force will be strengthened", "text": "MANGALORE: Manpower in police stations under Dakshina Kannada district police will be bolstered with the recruitment of 92 police constables. Announcing this here on Suday, SP Labhu Ram said the department has issued appointment letters to policemen and that they will be sent for training as decided by IGP (training) for one year before being asked to report for duty at their respective police stations.Interacting with reporters on the sidelines of monthly SC/ ST meeting, the SP said there are vacancies of personnel at constabulary level in all 13 police stations of the district. These vacancies were notified one year ago, he said, adding that even after these 92 police constables report to their respective police stations after completing their training, vacancies will still remain as policemen have retired in the interim period.Taking note of increased work load on Bantwal town police station, Ram said a proposal has been sent to the government to upgrade the station to be headed by a Police Inspector (PI). At present, PSI is heading the station, SP said, adding that Bantwal Circle PI supervises the functioning of Bantwal town and rural police stations in addition to Vittla police station.If the post is upgraded, CPI Bantwal will be in charge of rural and Vittla stations. Proposals have been sent to upgrade the police outposts at Nelyadi, Dharmasthala and Farangipete in to full-fledged police stations given the strategic importance each of these places have, the SP said. \"We have urged the government to sanction three police outposts, including the one at Mani,\" he said, adding sanction has been sought to strengthen wireless, DAR and ministerial staff numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11332600", "title": "Firm tells investors to have 'patience'", "text": "JAIPUR: While the police have launched a frantic search for the absconding directors of Tulip Global Private Limited, its distributors have urged the investors to be patient as the company is taking legal opinion to give proper clarification to the police.The Jaipur police on Thursday had lodged cases against the company after at least a dozen investors lodged FIRs at Vidhyakpuri police station.But unlike other companies such as Pearl Agrotech Corporation Limited (PACL) and Pears India, who were booked by the police for violation of Prize Chit and Money Circulation (Banning) Act, 1978, the distributors of the company through advertisements in vernaculars have asked the investors not to lose faith and patience.\"None of our activities comes under Prize Chit and Money Circulation (Banning) Act, 1978. Since police have registered cases, we are trying to give them legal clarification in the matter,\" company's distributors said in advertisements.The company clarified it has been registered under the Company's Act, 1956 and has been paying all its taxes.Adding since all its accounts have been seized by thepolice, the investors won't be able to get their cheques cleared for the time being.Meanwhile, Vidhyakpuri police neither gave a clean chit nor rebutted the claims made by company distributors.\"The matter is under investigation. Following the three FIRs, which have come through court, we are investigating the case to find out if the activities and promises of the company come under the purview of cheating,\" an officer said.Despite the fact that the directors of the company are on the run, they regularly come to their Jaipur Towers-based office and trying to build up confidence in the investors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11332609", "title": "State moves to regulate private security agencies", "text": "KOCHI: Finally, the Kerala government has issued an order to regulate the mushrooming private security agencies in the state.The new rules known as Kerala Private Security Agencies Rules 2010, will put all private security agencies under strict monitoring of the state government and will ensure that no fake agencies operate in the state.There are 50 registered private security agencies in the state. Once the new rules are implemented, the security agencies which do not meet the minimum operational standards will be banned. Central Association of Private Security Industry (CAPSI) chairman Kunwar Vikram Singh said the association was eagerly waiting for the state government to frame the rules as it would bring in quality in the functioning of the agencies.\"Kerala is a huge market for private security agencies. We have been demanding the state government to bring in a regulation as it will help in identifying genuine operators,\" he said. According to industry sources, over 50 per cent of the private security agencies in Kerala are not registered and they are all fly-by-night operators.As per the rules, the licence for a private security agency to commence operations will be given only after a thorough check on the antecedents of the firm by the police department. The police's no objection certificate will be made mandatory. It will also ensure that agencies verify the character and background of each private security guard employed with them. The rules also stipulate the appointment of a controlling authority by the government to monitor and evaluate activities of security agencies.The controlling authority will frame a detailed security training syllabus and ensure that all security guards undergo a training which includes a minimum of 100-hour classroom instruction and 60-hour field training. \"The department will prepare a list of private security agencies and gather detailed information on security guards deployed at premier hotels and public sector undertakings,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11335856", "title": "2G: SC issues notice to CBI on bail pleas of Chandolia, Behura", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today agreed to hear the bail petitions of A Raja's former private secretary R K Chandolia and former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura, accused in the 2G spectrum case, and issued notice to CBI on their pleas.A bench headed by Justice G S Singhvi also extended the interim stay on the Delhi High Court's order which had put on hold the bail granted to Chandolia by the trial court.With today's order Chandolia, who was granted bail by the trial court, will remain out of jail till the next date of hearing.Out of the 14 accused persons, 12 have already been granted bail and only the prime accused, former telecom minister A Raja and Behura are left behind the bars.The bench had agreed to examine Chandolia's plea against the high court's suo-motu decision to stay the grant of bail to him by the special court on December 1, 2011 and was released from Tihar Jail the same day.Chandolia had moved the apex court, challenging the high court order saying its decision of staying the bail was \"unwarranted and erroneous\".Behura had approached the apex court challenging the December 16, 2011 order of the high court denying him bail on the ground that he was the \"perpetrator\" of the illegal design of Raja and cannot claim benefit of parity with 10 others released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333143", "title": "Metro took them home safe", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangaloreans partied with more fervour this New Year than anytime in the recent past. The reason: they had no worries about BMTC buses not running late, or autorickshaw drivers milking them. They knew they could party to their heart's content and reach home safely on Namma Metro, which was operating till 2am.A record 57,000 Bangaloreans took the Metro till 2am Sunday, generating Rs 8.2 lakh in revenue for Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC).\"As we had expected, the coaches were full till 1am. Children and families turning up in big numbers late at night demonstrated Bangaloreans' trust in the Metro,\" said a senior BMRC official.Police, however, had opposed BMRC's decision to operate till 2am, and made it clear they would not provide security after the scheduled 11pm. But the Metro's New Year endeavour was incident-free. \"People behaved themselves inside the Metro premises. No one violated any rules and no accident or misconduct by passengers was reported from any of the stations,\" the official said.The Metro, in fact, added to the revelry. \"I enjoyed a great party on Brigade Road with my friends on Saturday evening and took the Metro at midnight. The sky was lit by fireworks. We were busy clicking pictures with our mobiles,\" said Sharmila Karmakar, a resident of RMV II Stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11333060", "title": "Glutton makes merry after the party", "text": "BANGALORE: Frenzied revelry at the dawn of the New Year left behind a trail of garbage mounds. But the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) was game for the challenge as it unleashed its new machine, the Glutton, at the epicentre of partying: Brigade Road since the wee hours of Sunday.While the Glutton sucked mounds of garbage including empty liquor bottles, plastic covers, remains of burnt crackers and other waste material on Brigade Road within minutes, an army of pourakarmikas and rag-pickers swept the streets clean elsewhere in the city.The Rs10-lakh Glutton uses Belgian technology to suck the streets of all sorts of waste material. It hit Brigade Road once every two hours from 12 am.\"The cleaning continued till 6 am on Sunday. In addition to the Glutton, there were 20 rag-pickers and sweepers on Brigade Road and MG Road from early morning. They cleaned up the roads and footpaths at regular intervals,\" said KC Shivshankar, joint commissioner, BBMP East Zone.He said if the Glutton performs its job to BBMP's satisfaction, more such machines will be deployed.How they spewedBangalore East, the hub of New Year partying, disgorged 1,000 tonnes of garbage on New Year's Eve, 200 tonnes more than what it does on any regular day.The city as a whole produced 4,000 tonnes of garbage on the occasion. It is usually 3,000 tonnes on a routine day.BBMP boss' resolutionBBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda said on Sunday he would like to make 2012 the year of project-completion.\"There are a number of projects that the BBMP has taken up and they are lingering for one or the other reason. I want to celebrate this year as a project-completion year and finish all the projects that the corporation has already taken up,\" Gowda told The Times of India.He also said that January 15 has been set as deadline for the BBMP to fill all potholes on city roads. \"I have tweeted and requested Bangaloreans to tweet me about the potholes of the roads they come across and the BBMP will fill them up within January 15,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11332337", "title": "Cordon for Singh plays party pooper", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The tight security cordon for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in Bhubaneswar dampened the New Year revelry with police rounding up nearly 200 persons on charges of drunken driving on Saturday night.The tipsy revelers were fined Rs 500 under the Orissa Urban Police Act. Some were released after being detained in police stations for a few hours.\"We imposed no restriction on celebrations. However, we took on those who created nuisance in public places under the influence of alcohol,\" a police officer said.Police said the victims of late night crackdown were less in number as compared to last year. \"We had fined nearly 250 persons for drunk and rash driving last year. Strict monitoring put a check on the menace this time,\" the police officer added.Barring a few stray accidents, celebrations in Bhubaneswar was largely peaceful, the cop maintained.Meanwhile, police postponed their crackdown on 'fancy' number plate users on Sunday in view of the busy schedule for Prime Minister's visit to the state capital on Monday evening.\"The crackdown was scheduled to start from Sunday. Since we are busy with the Prime Minister's security, the enforcement of the traffic rule has been postponed,\" another police officer said. \"We will start the enforcement after the end of the Indian Science Congress,\" he added.Last month, police embarked on a campaign against the use of fancy registration number plates on two-wheelers in the city. Cine stars of Odia film industry were engaged in the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11331467", "title": "Power to change in your hands, says Archbishop", "text": "MUMBAI: A message of hope for the New Year was given out by the archbishop of Mumbai, Oswald Cardinal Gracias, at the midnight service when he told his audience that the power to change was in their hands. The spiritual leader called for ethics in public life and said good governance was necessary for the well-being of society. His address at the Holy Name Cathedral in Colaba was in Konkani.The spiritual leader said the power to bring about change was vested with society. The Catholic Church had come out strongly in favour of Anna Hazare's campaign against corruption in public life. The church newsletter, 'The Examiner', has said in an editorial, \"Besides the good of the individual, there is a good that is likened to living in society, the common good. It is the good of all of us, made up of individuals, families and intermediate groups who together constitute society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11332709", "title": "Corp says no to FACT land, sticks to Brahmapuram", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi corporation had no plans to acquire Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore's (FACT) unused land to set up solid waste treatment plant, said town planning committee chairman K J Sohan on Sunday.He was commenting on suggestions that appeared in the media that FACT's land could be used for setting up the plant.\"The corporation has 110 acres of land at Brahmapuram. We are looking for a suitable technology to process the waste dumped there,\" he said.\"We have already entered into a tie-up with FACT. We sell the organic manure produced at the plant to FACT at a rate of Rs 2 per kilogram. Besides this, there are no other plans or proposals,\" Sohan said.A part of the funds for the Brahmapuram plant would be made available through the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The rest would be raised through public-private partnership, he said.Earlier, the state government had given approval for construction of a new waste treatment plant at Brahmapuram following a submission made by the local body.It had been decided to construct a new plant as the existing one does not have the capacity to process the waste generated in the city. The Kerala high court's order permitting neighbouring municipalities to dump waste at Brahmapuram had forced the corporation to take up the issue with state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11330682", "title": "Poor handling, negligence lead to gas leak mishaps", "text": "PUNE: Total 146 cases of gas leaks leading to mishaps have been registered in the city last year. Of these, four resulted in deaths . Sadly, reasons like poor handling and negligence on part of consumers continue to be the main cause behind almost all cases.\"Most of the cooking gas-related accidents occur due to leakages from the rubber tube, faulty fitting of regulator, poor handling of gas appliances and leaving the cooking unattended, leading the vessel to overflow, which in turn extinguishes the burner and causes gas leak,\" said PMC's acting chief fire officer Prashant Ranpise.Since most accidents take place in kitchen, adequate measures must be taken for kitchen safety, he added.\"Since electrical appliances and cooking gas are used in the kitchen, fire safety precautions are a must. All members of the family must follow kitchen safety measures carefully, especially while cooking,\" Ranpise said.In 2009, the city reported 119 cases of cooking gas leaks. These cases rose to 128 in 2010 and in 2011 (till December 11) the number is 146.Cooking gas has a high expansion rate, and even a spark can result in an explosion. \"In some cases, people left the stove on by mistake, resulting in fire. In other cases, faulty regulators or tubes caused the leakage,\" Ranpise said.\"Many people do not replace defective rubber tube for years together. These tubes should be replaced regularly. Almost 60 per cent cases of gas leaks that take place in city's slum areas happen due to non-replacement of defective tubes. Not properly fitting the regulator is the cause of leak and mishap in upwardly mobile areas. There has been a perceptible rise in cases where the leakage occurred at the base of the regulator. This is because the regulator is not fitted properly and there is some amount of poor handling when it comes switching it on and off,\" Ranpise said.Commenting on this, Usha Poonawala, president of the All India LPG Distributors' Federation, Maharashtra, said: \"The reasons for cooking gas leaks have always been same. A lot of awareness is being created among people about the dos and don'ts that go into safety methods of using the cooking gas.\"An officer from one of the cooking gas suppliers said, \"We are cautious about cylinders and equipment supplied to customers. We have made arrangements for customers to report any faults found. We also urge people to be careful while handling gas cylinders. They should check the cylinder for leaks when delivered. The pipe connecting the cylinder to the stove should also be checked for leaks.\"Dnyaneshwar Jawanjal, the foodgrain distribution officer who looks after the supply and distribution of domestic LPG in the city, said: \"It is imperative on the part of cylinder distributors to conduct inspection of gas stove, cylinder and rubber tube every six months. But most of them do not conduct such verification. Consumer can ask the distributor to carry out periodic inspection of the gas stove.\"On gas leakageDon't* Do not use switches for ventilation. Do not switch on fans, ventilators or lamps. Switches do generate electric sparks and it will act as if you put fire to the gas using a lighter.* Do not switch-off anything as well. The sparks are even more when a circuit breaks. Leave all electric things in the house as they are.* Do not try lighting a match-stick in order to confirm whether it is actually a gas leakage or not.Do* Check gas cylinders on delivery, make sure there are no leaks* Keep cylinders close to a window or door, so in case of a leak, the gas can flow out* Change rubber pipe regularly to avoid leakage* Switch off regulator after use* If you can feel (noise or flow) the gas is still leaking, try closing the valves and see if leakage stopped.* If you are not sure, remove all connections from the gas cylinder/canister. The cylinder is safe by itself when nothing is connected to it.* The above should do it. Still if you feel like, call expert help.* Once you have dealt with the problem, take steps to prevent gas leakage in future.* Replace defective parts.* Keep a window open where the gas cylinder is there.* Keep nearby electric switches OFF when not supervised.* Do not allow kids to play with the gas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11332634", "title": "Cops make preventive arrests", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police on Saturday arrested as many as 77 anti-social elements and also attached property in 12 cases as part of crime control measures in the district on the day, as deterrent on the eve of the New Year Day celebrations.A press note released by the office of Patna SSP Alok Kumar said that those arrested included 47 persons nabbed as preventive measure, while the remaining lot of the arrested persons included five accused of murder, six related to cases of loot, and four others related to cases of dacoity in various parts of the district.The district police, in the process, also executed 86 cases of warrant of arrest. The inventory of the recoveries consisted of 162 litres of illicit liquor, 150 gm of 'ganja (marijuana)', a Bolero vehicle and a motorcycle. The traffic police imposed a fine of Rs 7,400 on persons violating traffic rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-02"}
