{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11383303", "title": "City's attraction never wanes", "text": "VARANASI: Despite the worsened infrastructure and civic conditions, the attraction this historical city in tourists, especially the foreigners, is increasing.The city where the number of foreign tourists had touched the magic figure of two lakh in a year for the first time in 2010, the growing trend in the number of such tourists was maintained in 2011. When TOI contacted the touism department office on Thursday to take stock of the tourism industry, it came to light that the tourist inflow broke the record of 2010 when 2,19,088 international tourists had arrived. Apurva Srivastava, the assistant statistical officer of tourism department, disclosed that as many as 2,40,000 international tourists visited the city between January and December in 2011. The city not only attracted lakhs of foreigners but even the previous record of the number of domestic tourists arriving in the city was also broken. He said over 40 lakh domestic tourists arrived in the city last year while the number of such tourists was very low in 2010 in comparison to this figure.\"Even the long rainy season that continued till early October and the giant ghats of the city nearly five times did not deter the over all index of total number of international tourists to the city. A lot of tourists from Israel , Spain, Italy and many Asian countries came to the city during monsoons too apart from tourists predominantly from American and European countries who mostly arrive during peak season that is from September to February,\" informed regional tourism officer Dinesh Kumar.It is worth mentioning here that the festivities and religious fervour of the city starting from November brought the maximum number of tourists with the arrival of as many as 3,75,000 domestic and 45,000 international tourists in the city.\"Being a major centre of Buddhist pilgrimage people from Buddhist countries specially Thailand , Korea, Japan, Sri Lanka form a major proportion of the tourists coming to the city coming round the year,\" informed Kumar. According to him, apart from site seeing and religious values, a number of tourists arrive in the city for avenues like yoga, meditation and music and arts, which attracts tourists round the year as per the time schedule given by their teachers and mentors which has definitely increased tourists inflow to the city.Tourism department is of the opinion that the number of tourists can increase several times after the ambitious projects like Buddha Theme Park and Urban Haat are completed and start serving the purpose in near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11381875", "title": "Liquor sales touch an all time high this New Year", "text": "COIMBATORE: The birth of the New Year saw the city touch a new high with the sale of IMFL touching Rs 4.76 crore and beer worth Rs 68.16 lakh.According to Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation (TASMAC) officials, there was a 46% increase in sales this year, when compared to last year. Last year, IMFL worth Rs 3.37 crore and beer worth Rs 41.19 lakh were sold in the district, said a senior official. There was a huge rush in TASMAC outlets a few days before the New Year, with sales averaging around Rs 1.65 cr per day.According to a TASMAC official, on average 9,000 cases of IMFL and 3,000 cases of beer are sold through their shops in the district every day. However, the sale went up to 10,000 cases of IMFL and nearly 5,000 cases of beer per day during New Year eve celebrations. There are 303 TASMAC outlets in Coimbatore district, including 114 within corporation limits, 51 in municipalities, 76 in town panchayats and 62 in village panchayats.The official also said there has been an overall increase in the sale of liquor last year. The months of January and February last year saw a 16% increase in IMFL sales. IMFL and beer worth Rs 1204.65 cr had been sold in the district during 2010. While in 2011, IMFL and Beer sales touched Rs 1397.46 cr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382990", "title": "Congress kickstarts Sardar Sandesh yatras from two more places", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Congress today kicked off three Sardar Sandesh yatras, including two from Ahmedabad city and one from Porbander. The party leaders termed the state government as one of the most corrupt governments in the history of the state.The Ahmedabad rallies which were flagged from Sardar Baugh were attended by Union minister of state for Railways Bharat Solanki and Dinsha Patel along with former Deputy chief minister Narhari Amin.Solanki said \"The Gujarat government has failed to provide justice to the poor people in the state. In the name of industrialization only a few industrialists were getting all the benefits, while the progress of the common man of the state is being obstructed.\"\"The problems of the common man in the state are increasing daily and so is the debt of the state,\" said Solanki.He also criticized the Modi government of creating obstruction in the development work sanctioned by the central government. Solanki said that the congress through the Sardar Sandesh Yatra has decided to expose the double standards of the BJP in Gujarat.The Sandesh yatra, which was kicked off from South Gujarat on January 2 will pass through different parts of the state and will culminate in Vallabh Vidhyanagar on January 13. The rally will pass through 160 assembly constituencies.In Porbander Gujarat Pradesh Congress chief Arjun Modhwadia said \"The Sabarmati central jail is waiting for chief minister Narendra Modi . He had instructed the officials who are in Jails to carry out fake encounters to create an impression that he was in the hit list of terrorists.\" Modhwadia also accused Modi of inciting riots after the Godhra Carnage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11382108", "title": "1,500 litres of illicit liquor buried in farm land seized, but owner missing", "text": "PATIALA: The recovery of 1,500 litres of illicit liquor from Achrala village and subsequent failure of excise authorities to find the owners of seized stock has raised questions. The authorities conducted raid and seized stock of illicit liquor, but are yet to make any arrest.Though, the stock was buried in the agriculture land of village and when excise authorities got tip off on Wednesday evening, they raided and seized the stock after digging some land. But neither the cops, accompanying excise team, nor the excise team have taken any action against the owner of land, from where the stock was seized.The excise and taxation officer S K Garg and inspector Rakesh Kumar said, they have been conducting investigations to find the owners of seized liquor. But when asked, both they failed to give any convincing reply due to reasons best known to them.\"It's strange that excise authorities have seized illicit liquor from a land, but are unable to find its owner even 24 hours after the seizure. All villagers know about the owner of land and excise authorities must question him,\" said a police officer.The team members claimed the owners of stock fled after getting some information from other villages when the team members drove inside the village.\"Some women who were standing in fields near the site refused to speak \" said Garg.Despite repeated calls the assistant excise and taxation commissioner of Patiala D H P S Ghotra did not attend his mobile. It's not first time that questions are being raised over the seizure of liquor by Patiala excise authorities, but during SGPC elections also the authorities had claimed that they had seized a liquor stock belonging to non-Akali candidate, who later challenged the allegations of excise authorities in Punjab and Haryana high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381681", "title": "Urgency clause can\u2019t be used casually: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Supreme Court has said the government cannot compulsorily acquire private properties by casually invoking the \"urgency clause\" unless there was a genuine need which cannot brook any delay.\"The invoking of the urgency provisions can be justified only if there exists real emergency which cannot brook delay of even a few weeks or months,\" the apex court said.A bench of Justice G S Singhvi and Justice S J Mukhopadhaya said if the state failed to give a fair hearing to the land owners and invoke the urgency clause without proper justification it would be deprivation of the citizen's fundamental right guaranteed under the Constitution.\"Although in exercise of the power of the eminent domain, the government can acquire a private property for public purpose, it must be remembered that compulsory acquisition of the property belonging to a private individual is a very serious matter and has grave repercussions on the person's Constitutional right,\" Justice Singhvi noted in his judgement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386425", "title": "Kamalinee\u2019s homebound", "text": "Actress Kamalinee Mukherjee , who was last seen in Kadhalna Summa Illa in Kollywood, decided to keep things simple this year.\"I just plan to work hard and party harder,\" says the actress. The PYT has two releases lined up for this year in Tollywood and is also gung-ho about acting in a film directed by iconic director K Raghavendra Rao. \"I will start shooting for the film by the end of January. I am looking forward to working with a director like K Raghavendra Rao,\" says the Vettaiyadu Vilayadu girl.She's also eagerly anticipating release of her maiden Bengali film, Aparajita Tumi. \"It's taken me almost seven years since making my acting debut to finally do a Bengali film. I always wanted my first Bengali film to be a special one and Aparajita Tumi was worth the wait. I play a very complex character with shades of grey. It's unlike anything I've done before, and it's turned out incredibly well,\" beams the dusky actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11384114", "title": "BJP leaders to gear up for state executive meet", "text": "RANCHI: A couple of days ahead of the BJP state executive committee meeting, party leaders in their individual capacities are making efforts to rake up issues that concerns the image of the party and also has links with the in fights.The senior leaders and office bearers are meeting on Friday to chalk out detailed agenda to be discussed during the executive committee meet. The meting is being convened after a gap of around six months since the executive committee sat in Bokaro the last time.During the meeting of office bearers a detailed agenda and responsibilities for bringing up a political resolution would be finalized however BJP sources said that some of the contentious issues would be discussed during the Friday meet in closed door instead of bringing them out in the executive committee meet.At the recently concluded Winter session of Jharkhand assembly some of the BJP leaders took up the role of opposition members and pulled up government for its way of functioning. On the other hand senior BJP leader from Jamshedpur Saryu Rai also came in public to criticize some of the steps of coalition government led by Arjun Munda. Insiders said that these issues would be discussed during the Friday meet.Some of the leaders have also decided to ask Hazaribag MP Yashwant Sinha to come up with his presentation about the bills tabled during the winter session in Parliament. Sinha is expected to clarify party stand on Lokpal bill and food security bill whereas a separate request would be made to him to give explanation on his stand in connection with national identification authority of India bill-2010. Sinha is the chairman of the standing committee to which the bill was referred and the committee has issued adverse remarks on the bill. The two day executive committee meet would be attended by party leaders and state in-charge Harendra Pratap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11386941", "title": "Crisis in BJP as Uma Bharati threatens to quit campaigning if Babu Singh Kushwaha is not removed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior BJP leader Uma Bharati has reportedly expressed her extreme displeasure over her party's induction of tainted former Uttar Pradesh ministers who were sacked by the Mayawati-led BSP government recently. According to sources, the firebrand leader has threatened that she will not campaign for the pary in the upcoming UP elections unless Babu Singh Kushwaha is removed from the party.Uma Bharati enjoys the support of many top BJP leaders including Maneka Gandhi , a very important leader from poll-bound Uttar Pradesh on this issue. Interestingly, this comes after Bharati met Baba Ramdev in Haridwar on Thursday who had earlier announced that he will campaign against tainted politicians in the states going to assembly election this year.The induction of tainted former BSP members and UP ministers, especially the induction of Babu Singh Kushwaha has resulted in BJP earning the rebuke from political rivals and ire from many supporters. With Bharati's latest threat, the crisis with the party will only depend because sacking Kushwaha from the party now will completely antagonize the backward community in UP, which the party cannot afford at this stage due to the upcoming elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kerii", "code": "11381084", "title": "Slow sewage plant work irks Sanquelim locals", "text": "KERIi: Residents and businessmen of Sanquelim town are angry over the slow pace of work on the sewerage treatment plant (STP) and network undertaken by the Goa sewage and infrastructural development corporation in the town.Sanquelim municipal council ( SMC) councillor Vijaykumar Verekar, who took the initiative to build the sewerage plant during his tenure as the chairperson, said \"After Panaji and Vasco, our Sanquelim town was fortunate to get the sewerage treatment plant when Pratapsingh Rane was the chief minister. It was my dream to have a systematic and well equipped sewage treatment plant for my town.\"Vinod Pangam, a businessman from Sanquelim market laments, \"The work on the sewerage treatment plant is very slow and this has discouraged people from visiting the market. Due to this, our business is badly affected. There is a need to complete the ongoing work with more speed, before the rainy season.\"Presently on account of ongoing work on the STP and on the network it is not possible to bring vehicles in the market. Also residents find it difficult to enter the market in the absence of a road.Reshma Pai, an official of GSIDC said, \"It is a project of Rs 11 crore. The work on phase -I is in the final stage of completion. As of now funds are available and the work on phase II will be taken up. We are making our best efforts to complete the work at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383527", "title": "Patients left high and dry", "text": "CHENNAI: At 7am Sharadha Subramaniam got a call from a private hospital informing her that the pediatrician's appointment for her two-year-old daughter had been cancelled. Sharadha, who had taken half-a-day's leave to ensure that her child got vaccinated, was left frustrated. But she was one of the lucky few.Most patients in other private hospitals and clinics were in for a rude shock on Thursday when they were told that doctors were boycotting work and would attend only emergencies.Hospitals and doctors registered with the Indian Medical Association (IMA) said they had to honour the association's call for a day-long strike to protest the killing of Tuticorin-based Dr T Sethulakshmi. Several doctors in the city closed their clinics. They attended only to emergency surgeries and in-patients.Many patients were seen pleading with doctors to attend to them. \"I may not die of fever or body pain, but for me it is an emergency. I need some medicines for relief,\" said Prakash Anand, a 24-year-old businessman from West Mambalam. Sheela Shanmugam (27),who is pregnant, had taken the day off to see her doctor. \"I read about the strike but since I had an appointment I thought the doctor would see me. I don't know now when I will get another day's leave,\" she said.A senior health department official said, \"We have allowed the law to take its course. The accused have been arrested. We still don't know what the demands of the doctors are. They aren't protesting against the government. If they want police protection for each hospital, it can't be given.\" Doctors registered with IMA are demanding immediate action against the accused, a solatium of Rs 10 lakh to Sethulakshmi's family and a police outpost outside every hospital.IMA president Dr Prakasam said that though the Tamil Nadu Medicare Service Persons and Medicare Service Institutions Act was introduced by the state government in December 2008, no one has been punished. \"The Act makes the offence non-bailable. There have been at least 50 cases of damages to hospitals and assaults on doctors. However, no action has been initiated against any of the accused. We feel that only when we protest will our demands be heard,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11385446", "title": "Tabu in Shaitan director\u2019s next film", "text": "The actress, known to be rather selective about her roles, will star alongside Isha Sharvani in Bejoy Nambiar's filmWhen contacted, Nambiar confirmed that Tabu will indeed play a pivotal role in his film. But when questioned about her role in the film, the director simply said, \"Well, if I tell you what she plays, I would end up revealing the story of David. She is so important in the film. All I can say is that she plays a very quirky character.\"However, even though Nambiar has Tabu and Vikram on-board, his casting search is still on. The director is yet to find two male heroes for the film. \"I have zeroed down on two other male leads, but I shall officially reveal them only later,\" said Nambiar.With regard to the script , Nambiar told us, \"I have also signed Isha Sharvani who will be romantically paired with Vikram.\" While the director refused to divulge any further details, a source close to the director revealed that David is gangster film, which goes on floors by the end of the month. Tabu remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11383263", "title": "Red bandh brake on traffic in southern districts", "text": "KORAPUT: Traffic remained paralyzed in several areas in southern Odisha on Thursday, the second day of the statewide Maoist bandh. The Maoist's Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC) had called the two-day strike to demand halting of Operation Green Hunt and alleged state oppression of tribals.Though no Maoist offensive was reported in Koraput, Malkangiri, Rayagada and Nabarangpur districts, vehicular movement was hit in Ragada district's Muniguda area and Lamataput and Onkadeli in Koraput district. Apprehending rebel attacks, all government buses plying from Jeypore to Bhubaneswar via Rayagada diverted their routes though Andhra Pradesh. Sources said hundreds of passengers were stranded at several bus-stops in Rayagada and Koraput districts.While offices witnessed thin attendance, it was an unofficial holiday for several schools in Koraput's Onkadeli panchayat area. Police, however, claimed that the Maoist bandh call had evoked lesser response this time.\"Apart from a few areas where traffic was affected, all other life activities remained unaffected. Though no Maoist violence was reported, but we can't be complacent. Security forces are kept on extra alert to avoid any eventuality,\" said DIG Saumeyendra Priyadarsi. Contrary to earlier rebel-sponsored protests, there was no impact of the shutdown in Maoist-affected Malkangiri district.While traffic remained normal across the district, markets, offices and schools remained open. A senior police officer involved in anti-Maoist operations reasoned that Malkangiri district was dominated by leaders from Andhra Pradesh. But the rest of the districts were under the sway of the Basadhara division of the CPI (Maoist).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11387359", "title": "Aarushi Talwar murder case: Rajesh and Nupur Talwar to stand trial, rules SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major setback to dentist couple Nupur and Rajesh Talwar, the Supreme Court on Friday cleared the decks for their trial in their daughter Aarushi's murder case.A bench of justices A K Ganguly and J S Khehar dismissed the couple's plea to quash criminal proceedings against them in the sensational 2008 case involving the killing of Talwars' domestic aide Hemraj and their teenaged daughter in Noida on Delhi's outskirts.The bench said there was nothing wrong in the magistrate's order taking cognisance against them and putting them on trial.Refusing to interfere with the lower court's order which had rejected the CBI's closure report, the bench said that the magistrate gave the ruling after applying his mind.\"We dismiss the appeal,\" the bench said while clarifying that today's order would not prejudice the trial against the accused.14-year-old Aarushi, the only daughter of the Talwars, was found dead with her throat slit at the family's Noida residence on the intervening night of May 15-16, 2008 and the body of their domestic help, Hemraj, was found on the terrace the next day.The investigation in the case was initially carried out by the the Uttar Pradesh police which had arrested Aarushi's father Rajesh Talwar on May 23, 2008.The probe was subsequently handed over to the CBI on May 29, 2008 and Rajesh Talwar was granted bail by the Ghaziabad court on July 11, 2008.The CBI after probing the murder for over two-and-half years had filed its closure report in the case in the Ghaziabad Special CBI court, saying it had been unable to find out any evidence to prosecute the Talwars.The Ghaziabad trial court, however, had rejected the CBI closure report, saying there was enough prima facie material in the agency's report to put the couple on trial for their alleged involvement in the twin murders and had issued summons to them to face trial.The magistrate took cognisance of the case and summoned Talwars on February 9, 2011.Rajesh and Nupur had subsequently gone to the Allahabad high court, which had dismissed their pleas to quash the trial court summons and the proceedings initiated against them.The Talwar couple then approached the apex court which had on March 19 last year stayed the trial against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11382161", "title": "Dark roads: Civic body blames it on lack of power", "text": "GURGAON: Despite many complaints regarding non-functioning street lights in the city, civic agencies have thrown up their hands. It causes immense inconvenience to residents and visitors especiallyin the foggy weather.HUDA officials claim that all the non-functioning street light bulbs are replaced with new functioning ones. However, the lack of electricity supply results in their not working.Although the responsibility of maintaining street lights lies with the civic agencies, the power is supplied by the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN). When contacted Arun Dhankhar, executive engineer (electrical wing), said that the street lights are periodically checked by the department and the faulty lights are replaced right away. \"It is the lack of power supply in the city which disables the lighting of the roads. There has been a shortfall of the power supply due to which the street lights are not functioning.\" He said that another drive has been started by the department in the HUDA sectors for cleaning of the old street lights.\"The residents have been complaining that over the years a lot of dust has accumulated on the lamps and has dimmed the light emanating from them. The contractors would be asked to clean the lamps and replace the faulty ones,\" he added.HUDA pays the contractor Rs 36 per pole per month and he has the responsibility of periodic checking, switching the lights on/off and the replacing them in case of fault. The street lights on master roads, main roads and HUDA sectors are monitored by the HUDA electrical department. The department's special repair drive for the upgradation of the street lights in which repair or replacement is being done depending on the need. The department has already covered a few sectors and is in the process of covering the major roads and the sectors.\"The HUDA officials, who are responsible for the maintenance of the street lights on the master roads of the city (Sohna Road, Golf Course Road, Sector 41 road, Paras Hospital road, Sector 51 road and others), claim that the upgradation work of the street lights on roads is already going on.The RWAs of different colonies had also been writing to the officials on the issue. Anita Narang, another Sector 15 Part II says, \"The absence of street lights has given rise to many problems in the sector. This sector has a lot of girls' PG accommodations and it has become so difficult for the girls to go out after sundown. A lot of complaints have been reported related to eve-teasing and chain-snatching after sundown.\" Meanwhile, DHBVN admitted that there has been a gap between the power demand and supply and it would be bridged in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382313", "title": "Farmer injured after mistakenly shot by hunters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A farmer of Raipurrani, Pitambar, 47, was injured on Thursday night when a bullet hit his left shoulder while he was crossing the forest area. He was rushed to General Hospital in Sector-6 Panchkula, and referred to PGI Chandigarh. Sources said the farmer was on his way back from Naraingarh at the time. Initial probe suggested that the bullet might have be shot by hunters and hit Pitambar by mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382977", "title": "Sri Sri Ravi Shankar arriving on Jan 20", "text": "PATNA: Art of Living (AoL) Foundation founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar is arriving here on a four-day visit of the state, commencing from January 20.He is scheduled to inaugurate an AoL ashram at Bodh Gaya. He will also address a gathering of devotees at Gaya where he will also visit Vishnupad temple, AoL's Meera Singh said.Sri Sri Ravi Shankar will be in Patna on January 22 to take part in a \"mahasatsang\" at the Veterinary College ground in the evening. Thousands of devotees are expected to attend the congregation, christened as 'Aashirvaad'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11383469", "title": "Ghats lying in unhygienic conditions", "text": "KANPUR: Insanitation is prevailing at various ghats. Despite the fact that Makar Sankranti is fast approaching, it seem that the Kanpur municipal corporation has no time to initiate cleanliness measures. The civic body is busy in managing shelter homes and arranging bonfires. The rest of the time is devoted in removing political banners and posters from the city.Prominent ghats along the banks of the holy Ganga like Parmat ghat, Massacre ghat and Bhairon ghat have heaps of rotten flowers and garlands as there are no proper disposal facilities. Hundreds of plastic bags are also lying scattered along the ghats, which are polluting the water and the soil at the banks.Disregarding all rules, people continue to bathe and wash clothes at the ghats. According to additional municipal commissioner Manoj Kumar Srivastava all the ghats and temples are on tops as far as sanitation and cleanliness drives are concerned. But the ground reality is quite different.\"Recently, additional staff was deployed at ghats during holy month of Shravan and Kartik. Similar cleanliness drives would be adopted for Makar Sankranti also,\" Srivastava added.It may be mentioned that the KMC has nearly 2000 sanitation workers, include contractual and daily wage employees. Around 400 employees were engaged at different ghats in the cleanliness drives during the holy months.Santosh, a resident of Massacre ghat said: \"Lots of devotees come to the ghat for taking a holy dip. The civic authorities are least bothered to keep the banks clean.\"Rajesh, residing on the VIP road near Bhairon ghat said that some people bring cattle for bathing. Even the devotees are least bothered and throw polythene bags at ghats which are a major reason of pollution. Even the dustbins were badly stinking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11384094", "title": "6 Poachers fall in forest department net", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hotels and restaurants around Morbi in Rajkot served flamingo delicacy during new year celebrations. Six persons, including four fishermen, have been arrested by forest department officials for poaching 64 lesser flamingos.Chief conservator of forest R L Meena, who is supervising the investigation into the poaching case, said during primary interrogation , the six accused revealed that they had supplied flamingo meat to nearby hotels and restaurants for new year celebrations.Forest officials said those arrested are in the age group of 25-30 years. \"One of the six arrested is a hardcore criminal . He had been arrested for illicit liquor trade and other petty offences registered against him,\" they said. Forest officials who are part of the operation said: \"Our surveillance team zeroed in on four fishermen who were hiding in a farm near the crime scene. On being interrogated , they confessed. We have also seized various kinds of nets and poles from the field.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381775", "title": "Balwa lawyer irks CBI court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court on Thursday got irked by the counsel of a 2G scam accused since he was posing irrelevant questions to the agency's star witness Aseervartham Achary, and warned that he would have to incur a heavy cost for asking \"irrelevant questions\".Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Ltd's director Asif Balwa's counsel Shrikant Shivade asked several queries relating to phone call made by former telecom minister A Raja's erstwhile private additional secretary Achary, also a CBI witness. Shivade quizzed Achary regarding his telephonic conversations with some officials in the ministry of environment and forest, which Achary failed to recall.At this point, the counsel asked, \"Have you taken any drug which might have affected your memory?... Is this lapse chronic or temporary or recently acquired?\"Special CBI judge O P Saini prevented the lawyer from making such queries, and said \"if such questions are put any further, the questions shall be disallowed with a heavy cost\".The judge also disallowed a question relating to the number of bank accounts held by Achary after the CBI prosecutor objected that it was a personal question and not related to the 2G case.Achary said he felt intimidated by the various accused, while the defence counsel alleged that the CBI had \"coerced\" and \"tutored\" him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11381962", "title": "Govt, anti-dam protesters hold first round of talks", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government on Thursday engaged all anti-dam protesters in the first round of discussions to resolve the months-long agitation by more than 30 organizations. The stir has brought the construction of the 2000 MW Lower Susbansiri hydel project by the NHPC in Arunachal Pradesh to a complete halt. The next round of discussions will take place on January 14.In a day-long exercise, the group of ministers set up by chief minister Tarun Gogoi to resolve the issue held separate meetings with all protesting groups, including All Assam Students Union (Aasu) and Krishak Mukti Sangram Samity (KMSS), who are spearheading the protests separately.As a first step, the state government agreed to the protesters' demand to have one more expert committee to study the downstream impact of the Lower Susbansiri project in the state. Simultaneously, the government refused to concede to the other demand of pressing the Centre to stop the ongoing construction work of the Subansiri project. Three expert committees, including a house committee, have already undertaken a study on the downstream impact of the project. The reports, however, have not been implemented and the stalemate between the protesters and the government continues.A source said the state government is also likely to bargain with the NHPC for a bigger share of the power that is generated from the project. At present, the state government has been assured 25 MW free power and the government can purchase another 208 MW from the installed capacity of 2000 MW.Irrigation minister Ardhendu Dey, who is a member of the GoM, said, \"We have told all of them that the state government has decided to have an expert committee to study the impact of the Subansiri project within six months.\"Akhil Gogoi, general secretary of the KMSS, which is blocking the movement of building materials to the project site, said after the meeting, \"The meeting was cordial but not successful. The government has agreed to support our movement against the 150 odd dams planned in Arunachal Pradesh but refused to do so in the case of the Subansiri project.\"With the stalemate continuing, Akhil said the KMSS will not lift the blockade against movement of construction materials and turbines to the dam site. \"Apart from dam material, we are not blocking the movement of anything, including essential commodities or even fuel for generators for electricity in homes at the project site.\"The start of the talks, however, is seen as a major shift in the state government's earlier stand of tackling the agitation as a law-and-order problem. Last month, in a pre-dawn swoop-down on the agitators, Assam Police personnel forcibly cleared the highway blockade by the protesters in Lakhimpur to allow movement of men and materials to the dam site at Gerukamukh.The state government's decision to start discussions brought relief to Arunachal Pradesh government and chief minister Nabam Tuki sent a message to his Assam counterpart expressing his gratitude.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11383101", "title": "Maoist blast kills three policemen in Kandhamal", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two days after a Maoist died while planting a land mine, the Maoists on Thursday blew up a police van killing three on the spot and seriously injuring three others at the same place in Kandhamal district. The injured cops - two constables and one home guard - were first taken to a nearby hospital in Kotagada hospital and then shifted to Baliguda, before being airlifted to SCB Medical College and Hospital at Cuttack. Hospital sources described the condition of the three as \"critical\".\"They have multiple injuries,\" said a doctor. The blast took place around 10.30 in the morning. The deceased policemen were identified as Sunasir Mohanty, Uma Jani and Sangram Lenka. The police personnel in two vehicles along with two dogs were reportedly on their way to the site where pieces of the Maoist cadre's body from the overnight land mine blast were recovered at Srirampur in Kotagada police station area. The police team was barely three km away from a CRPF camp when the land mine exploded.While the first vehicle was badly damaged, the one following and the occupants in it escaped unhurt, a police officer said, adding that the two dogs were not injured. Soon after the incident, CRPF and other police personnel rushed to the area. SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj and other senior police officials also headed for the place. Home secretary U N.Behera confirmed the incident and said appropriate measures had been initiated. Thursday was the second day of the two-day Odisha bandh called by the extremists.This was the first major Maoist violence recorded in 2012. Earlier, the extremists had set fire to three mobile towers in Ganjam district's Baragarh area on Tuesday night. Sources said police were still clueless whether the land mine that exploded on Thursday was planted on Tuesday night itself or the night after.\"We suspect they might have planted the explosive on Wednesday night, because it was all but expected that police parties would raid different places in the area after Tuesday night's blast in which one of their men was blown to pieces. This was perhaps a strategy by the Maoists to thwart combing operations in the area,\" said a senior police official.\"We had earlier checked with many local people to identify the body of the Maoist cadre, but in vain. Everybody pleaded ignorance,\" he added. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik expressed his condolence to the bereaved families. He said the government would provide Rs 8 lakh to the families of each of the deceased. This is beside Rs 10 lakh towards insurance, a job to a dependant member in the family and family pension, an official release here said. It added that the government will bear all expenses of the three injured persons undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "amona", "code": "11381013", "title": "Tribal wealth showcased at Canacona's Lokotsav", "text": "AMONA: Canacona's Amona village recently gave the heritage, traditions, and produce of the tribal Velip community a fillip via a two-day Lokotsav.The festival was held at Mhashifond, along the banks of the river Talpona, under the cool shade of a magnificent Bombox ceiba (cotton) tree. It attracted folklorists and tourists alike.Balram Gram Vikas Sanstha and Adarsh Yuva Sangh have been organizing the festival for the last 12 years.Chief guest at the valedictory function, actor Sachin Pilgaonkar said, \"The effort to bring to light the hidden talents of Goa's tribals in this scenic forested village is indeed inspiring.\" The organizers had covered every part from the entrance to the pandals with tribal creativity.Eco-feministic festivals like Dhalo and Dhillo, folk dances like fugdi and the traditional recitation of folk songs, Ovyogayan, were presented by tribal women from Quepem, Sanguem, Dharbandora and Canacona talukas.Varsha Malvankar, a judge in the folklore competition, said, \"This festival has provided opportunities for tribal women to showcase their talent. The folkdance competition was successful as it drew many cultural troupes who presented vivid facets of the tribal folklore.\"Moumita Samir Ghoshal from Kolkata in West Bengal, gushed over the \"unforgettable and cheerful experience\". \"Dishes cooked by the tribals and served in the biodegradable plates made of the areca nut pseudo-stem gave us the flavour of tribal cuisine,\" smiled the 23-year-old.Agricultural implements of yore along with traditional items made of bamboo, cane, grass and bark of wild trees offered an educative experience, while tuber crops like kangyo, karande, madyo, suran, wild fruits like avale and kanarya and medicines made from various parts of wild plants had many buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11383019", "title": "'People should suggest the way ahead for Team Anna\u2019", "text": "The anti-corruption movement is at the crossroads today. Where do we go from here? We are conscious that a wrong decision at this stage could prove disastrous for the movement. I met Anna in hospital two days back. Most of the time, I found him in deep thought. More than his physical ailment, he is suffering from a deep sense of being cheated. He is deeply hurt.When he went to Ralegan Sidhi after his August fast, he was contacted by several senior Congress functionaries in the last four months, who kept assuring him that the government and their party were serious about the Lokpal Bill and they would bring a strong Bill. They assured that most of our suggestions would be incorporated. Especially after our Hisar campaign in the first week of October, the PM wrote to him. He was again assured by many that the seniormost leadership in the Congress was working on the Bill. We were to go for a yatra from October 15. Anna called it off. Anna was surprised when the standing committee submitted its report. Out of 34 amendments suggested, the committee had accepted just one. That was the first time when Anna blamed Rahul Gandhi. Again, we were privately assured that the committee was not the final word and our concerns would be addressed in the Bill.The Bill that was presented in Parliament is not only weak and ineffective, it is dangerous and would further weaken our already compromised anti-corruption systems. It renders CBI ineffective. It seeks to amend the investigative procedures provided in the Criminal Procedure Code so much to the advantage of the accused that it would be impossible to successfully convict anyone. Earlier, we were fighting for a strong Lokpal Bill. Today, we are fighting for stopping this one from being passed. This Bill should be withdrawn and replaced with a completely different one.When I met Anna in the hospital , he kept on repeating - \"If the PM and the seniormost leadership were to cheat the nation like this, where is the hope for our country? If parliamentarians were to behave like the way some of them did, what is the future for our country ?\" He was feeling very sad.We were in back-channel talks with the government in December. In our last meeting, they almost challenged - \"You can't hurt us electorally. We will win. We will form the government and make laws. You carry on with your movement and fasts.\" This means if any people's movement can't hurt them electorally, they don't care. That's dangerous.What should we do now? Should we campaign against Congress or UPA? Some people are objecting - why has this anti-corruption campaign turned anti-Congress ? My response is - haven't we been pushed to the corner? We are certainly not anti-Congress. Why should we be? All those who were looking for a hidden agenda have miserably failed.There is none. There is just one agenda - we want a strong anti-corruption law. If we were anti-Congress , we would not be talking to them and engaging with them all this while. We are being accused of being pro-BJP . Some people have created an atmosphere in the country that if you are anti-Congress , you are pro-BJP . There is no middle space. If someone called us anti-Congress today , we could still accept that charge with some reservations as we have been pushed to the corner.There is absolutely no evidence of our being pro-BJP . In fact, the evidence indicates to the contrary. Due to the report of Justice Santosh Hegde, who happens to be one of our key core committee members , the BJP CM of Karnataka had to resign. How could we support a party which admits the likes of Kushwaha in its folds? If we do not go for the tour of election-bound states, what should we do? Should Anna go for another fast? But the government has already indicated that if people participating in the movement don't translate into votes, they don't care. Some have suggested we should form our own party. But we neither have the will nor the capacity. This is a people's movement. The movement was successful because thousands participated. The people should now suggest the way ahead. Send your suggestions to iacsuggestions@gmail .com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382229", "title": "Beautician arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: Police arrested Sneha Narkar (21), a beautician, for befriending a woman, Alka Kumbha, and robbing her of jewellery worth Rs 70,000.Kalyan resident was arrested by Vishnu Nagar police in Dombivali.A police inspector said, \"She would target women in local trains by befriending them. Some women called her to their homes for makeup. Narkar would remove their jewelry and flee after completing the work. She targeted r and stole jewelry worth Rs 70,000 from her house. Sneha was caught Tuesday evening when Kumbhar, to teach her lesson, called her from another number asking her to come at a wedding function for makeup.When Sneha reached there she informed the cop who nabbed Sneha.Cops found that Sneha had cheated another woman. tnnwho also resides in Dombivli. Police is probing whether accused have cheated other girls too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386041", "title": "Mahek Chahal 's brother hits back", "text": "There are a lot of false rumours and cheap allegations that have recently doing the rounds of social networking sites about Mahek Chahal and her family in regards to her past.The Chahal family which was taking everything with a pinch of salt, preferred to keep quiet up until now, but since the water has gone above the head, Mahek's brother Vikramjit Chahal, finally broke his silence, \"\"Obviously all these rumours are false and baseless. They don't even make any sense and they sound funny to me. Mahek on her own will left from Norway so that she could make a career for herself in Bollywood 10 years ago. I know that whatever tales are making rounds about Mahek are baseless. I personally feel that these baseless stories are mucking us without any solid reasons. My elder sister has just left from Norway to join Mahek in the finale of Bigg Boss and I would also be there on the final day. To be very true these allegations don't bother us at all and we all the relatives and family have voted for her for supporting her,\"\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381585", "title": "New Coast Guard chief, Army military secy named", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday cleared two key military appointments after a long delay, with vice-admiral M P Muralidharan being appointed the new Coast Guard chief and Lt-General Sanjeev Chachra the next Army military secretary.Coast Guard has been headless since Vice-Admiral Anil Chopra was promoted as the Eastern Naval Command chief in October. Vice-Admiral Muralidharan, till now the chief of personnel at Navy HQ, will be its full-time director-general.Lt-Gen Chachra will take over as the new military secretary when Lt-Gen G M Nair retires on January 31. The military secretary's post has gained some prominence after a previous incumbent Avadhesh Prakash faced a court martial in the infamous Sukna land scam case as also due to the ongoing controversy over Army chief General V K Singh's actual date of birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "11384039", "title": "NPEGEL a non-starter in Sindri", "text": "SINDRI: The government has launched many schemes for the benefit of the underprivileged. But it has failed in evolving a system to monitor implementation of those projects. NPEGEL - a national programme to educate school dropout girl children in rural areas - is one such programme which is a non-starter in Sindri and many parts of Dhanbad.The programme,which started in 2007 with much fanfare, aims at not only educating the school dropout girl children but providing them vocational education. Under the programme, there are provisions to get girls admitted to open schools at government cost so that they can get certificates and continue their education. Girls enrolled under this programme were to be provided cycle and were required to attend classes for only 4 hours a day, preferably in the second half of the day.The education department appointed graduates as coordinators for running this programme at an honorarium of Rs.1500 per month and the Gram Shiksha Samiti (Village Education Committee) were provided Rs 20,000 a month for facilitating smooth functioning of the programme. The coordinators were required to identify drop out girl children for their respective area and bring them to schools, provide them basic education and train them in handicrafts so as to make them economically selfdependent. The national programme for educating girls at elementary level (NPEGEL) was started in 20 schools in Baliapur.But so far no girl has been provided a cycle or any of them got enrolled with open school. Though started scruffily, it became popular in some parts of block area where the coordinators took extra care in making the programme a success. But in majority of the schools, it failed to start for want of proper attention of the authorities concerned. And when the coordinators were expecting a hike in their honorarium, the government decided to change the programme. The honorarium to the coordinators has been reduced to Rs.1000 per month and their duty hour has been reduced to one hour a day. Besides this, instead of teaching dropout students, the coordinators, who have now been renamed as trainers, have been directed to train in-school students in handicrafts and that also for just nine months in a year.This has irked the coordinators, who in a memorandum submitted to the district and state education officials have demanded to increase their honorarium and make them permanent. \"Now when we have spent such a long period with the programme after being selected at district level, what we will do for the rest three months in a year,\" asked Babita Mahto of Kusumatand.\"Despite being selected as skilled persons to train students in handicrafts, the government never paid us even the minimum wages of unskilled workers and now by reducing the honorarium, the government is making a mockery of us,\" said Sushila Mahto and Munni Kumari Mishra, president and secretary respectively of the Dhanbad District Coordinator's Association.\"When we started demanding hike in honorarium, we were told by the district education officials that the programme has been closed but the state education officials says it is still continuing,\" they said. DSE R K Mahwar admitted that every year, the department used to return the unutilized fund to the government as coordinators were not ready to continue with paltry honorarium. Since many of the coordinators have stopped working, the programme is not going on in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383545", "title": "Fear grips Nungambakkam\u2019s elderly after murder of woman", "text": "CHENNAI: Afewsenior citizens, including women, living by themselvesin Nungambakkam and adjoining areas are said to be moving in with their children elsewhere, following the murder on December 2 of 52-year-old V Aruna Seethalakshmi at her home in residential Kamdar Nagar. Police,however, refutedthis\"theory\" and added that patrolling hadbeen intensifiedthere.Despite the increased police presence, many old people living alone admitthey arescared. \"Yes, there is a fear among the elders after the murder. We did not want to take a chance and that is why I moved to my daughter's house nearby,\" said Christina Joseph, a retired schoolteacher. The murder has been the talk of the area for the lastcoupleof days.There are quite a few senior citizens living alone in many stretches of Mahalingapuram and Nungambakkam. Though the apartmentcomplexesin the area have security guards, the independent and old houses, mostly occupied by senior citizens,havelittlesecurity.Nungambakkam assistant commissioner of police S Saravanan, however, said, \"There is no cause for fear. There is no truthin thetheory that many elders have left because of fear. There is increased police patrolling. Prabhavathi, sister of the deceased, continues to stay in the same house with relatives,\" hesaid.While an elderly couple in Seethanagar moved to their children's home in Egmore, Xavier Elango of Susaipuram said, \"There is no fear. We have been living herefor thelastfour decades and know each other well. Wesee police patrolsevery half an hour and there is no needtobe afraid.\"Some residents said the incident had taught them not to cover open window airconditioner vents with wood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382927", "title": "15-year-old girl sold for Rs 1.5L for marriage in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 15-year-old girl, who fled from home, was abducted by a gang and was sold to a physically-handicapped man in Adalaj for marriage, earlier this month. After the girl's father filed a complaint with Viramgam police the girl was traced to Adalaj and a case of abduction and human trafficking was filed with Maninagar police officials.According to investigators, Krupa (name changed), 15, a resident of Viramgam, had fled from her residence on January 2 and boarded a train to Ahmedabad. She got down at Maninagar railway station and was weeping at side of the road when Nanda Patel, a resident of Vatva, approached her. After getting to know her story, she took her to a nearby restaurant and bought her a meal to eat.\"She then took Krupa to her residence where she got introduced to her husband Raju and two other women. After keeping her for a day, the next day she got new clothes. When the couple took Krupa out with them she asked where she was being taken, Nanda informed her that she was going to get married. Shocked, she resisted and also tried to flee but the group forcibly took her to Adalaj where she was married off to Dashrathji Thakor, a physically-handicapped man. She later got to know that he had paid the group Rs 1.5 lakh for the deal,\" said D M Chauhan, inspector of Maninagar police station.Investigators said that Krupa's father had approached police and had also prepared a habeas corpus for his daughter.When police investigated the case, they got to know that a suspected child marriage had taken place in Adalaj and sent a team to verify. They got to know that Krupa is the same girl reported missing. She was rescued on Wednesday and was sent to a Women Observation Home.\"We have got papers of the case from Viramgam police and have started investigation. Search for the five accused in the case is on,\" said Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11382222", "title": "Happy feet", "text": "Members of Astha Ladies Club feasted on peanuts, gajak, rewadi and a scrumptious lunch, while enjoying a treat of traditional and western dances at the club's Lohri and New Year celebrations in a hotel on Thursday. Around 15 women danced on Sammaiyan dance, symbolic of Lohri celebrations in older times, and also performed a fusion of 'giddha', 'bhangra' and western dances.Neha Takkar, a homemaker from Haibowal, said she was thrilled to dance on a Punjabi song. \"I had practised a dance on the Punjabi movie song 'Maiyaan main long gawaiyaan' for some days and performed it dressed as a Sikh. The gajak, rewadi and peanuts set the right sort of mood for Lohri,'' she said.Another resident of Haibowal, Sandhya Singla, who runs a dance club, had choreographed the performance on Hindi and Punjabi movie numbers. \"It took me about 10 days to prepare the performers for dance and the effort was worth its while. Seeing the members dance confidently on numbers like 'Race sansoon ki', 'Aa zara kareeb se', 'Dum maro dum' and 'Chamak challo' was my reward,'' said Sandhya.Preeti Gambhir, a resident of Dugri Phase-II said she had fun keeping step with a Punjabi dance. \"I also had quality time with my friends while cracking peanuts and popping them into our mouths,'' she added.President of the club Rama Shoree was happy with the programme's success. \"Everyone was asked to wear clothes with 'phulkari' work. The fusion dances were very entertaining while the vegetable snacks and cheese manchurian left people asking for more. We had also kept peanuts, gajak and rewadi at each table because there can be no Lohri without them,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383768", "title": "MTC to use 200 spare buses to beat Kaanum Pongal rush", "text": "CHENNAI: About 200 spare MTC buses, apart from the existing fleet, will be on the roads on January 17, Kaanum Pongal, when a huge rush of commuters is expected. The necessary repairs are being done to buses and all depot managers have been asked to prepare for the day.\"We will use all spare buses but don't think even that will suffice,\" said a senior official. \"We will have to mobilize more staff to run these buses.\" The number of checking inspectors will be increased.MTC has identified several spots, including Anna Square, Besant Nagar, Guindy National Park in the city and Mamallapuram, Vandalur Zoo and some theme parks on the outskirts, where the crowd will be heavy.\"We expect at least 80,000 to one lakh people to visit the Vandalur zoo. Already, 150 buses go to the zoo and another 150 will be required to clear the crowd between 3pm and 7pm,\" said the official.With the revised tariff, the transport corporation expects the revenue to cross the Rs 3 crore mark. The corporation, which now earns a revenue of around Rs 2.70 crore daily, also expects the sale of travel-as-you-please tickets to go up.\"Most commuters going to tourist places are from places like Red Hills and Avadi and for them, buying daily passes make more sense,\" said the official. On Kaanum Pongal last year, almost 1.15 lakh such tickets were sold against the normal of 60,000 passes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11381817", "title": "School heads want Goa Board Jan exam scrapped", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Headmasters' Association is not satisfied with the attempts made by the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education to pacify students and schools over the new second term examination introduced by the board in January. The school heads have demanded that the exam should be scrapped altogether.Following protests from students and schools over the additional exam introduced in January, the Goa Board had issued a circular stating that schools can conduct the exam at a date of their convenience. But the headmasters' association has now submitted a memorandum to the Goa Board chairman, Merwyn D'Souza, stating that the exam should be done away with as it was unfair to introduce it in the middle of the academic year in the first place.\"The headmasters met twice to deliberate over the issue in the last one month and decided to raise several issues with the board that can improve the system for students' benefit. Firstly, we want the circular asking for the conduct of the second term exam in January to be scrapped. We have also asked for several improvements in the new grading system,\" president of the Goa Headmasters' Association Sanjeev Sawant said.\"After review of the grading system was done by the Goa Board during this academic year, the internal assessment component has been reduced. We feel it will be beneficial to students if the internal assessment component is given more weightage. Also, we want more methods of assessment to be introduced in the internal component. At present, the internal assessment component only includes marks obtained at exams and weightage to assignments is very little,\" Sawant said.He said that the school heads want a more child-centric teaching and evaluation system. \"We have seen that many children are unable to perform well at exams because of nervousness. The present internal assessment in not assessment in the true sense, it is just internal examination,\" said Sawant.Early this month, students had submitted a memorandum to the Goa Board chairman opposing the board's decision to introduce an additional internal school exam just before the preliminary examinations to final board exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11382143", "title": "East-West highway only solution to communication problem: NCP", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in Arunachal Pradesh on Thursday requested the state government for the early construction of the East-West Highway from Tawang to Tirap to get respite from the frequent bandh calls in neighbouring Assam.Lamenting the communication bottleneck within the state, NCP state president Ngurang Pinch in a communique said, \"Until the highway project is completed, the people of Arunachal will continue to suffer from the menace since there is no alternative route through which people can reach different places within the state without touching Assam.\"\"Bandhs in Assam affects not only the travellers but also disrupts the regular supply of essential commodities to the state,\" he said. He urged the various organizations of Assam to spare the people of Arunachal Pradesh from the purview of their bandhs since they have nothing to do with it.Since Congress is the ruling party not only in the two states currently but also at the Centre, the NCP suggested that the state government make use of the situation to solve all the pending inter-state boundary disputes with Assam permanently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11385822", "title": "Tapasya walks out of Uttaran", "text": "Rashmi Desai decides to keep the negativity out and focus on her marriage for nowRashmi, who is ready embark on a new life with beau and co-star Nandish Sandhu soon, feels that work, especially playing a negative role, might just hamper her life after marriage. \"I used to get very angry with my maids. I spoke rudely with them. And that's because my character was affecting my normal life,\" said the actress.\"I am not one of those actresses who can switch on and off an emotion just like that. And the highs and lows of the character got to me. Tapasya would be the nicest person one moment and a rude woman the next. The character was intriguing and challenging for sure. But this affected my personal life,\" revealed the actress.However, Rashmi did not need to seek medical help to get over her problems. \"My mother has always helped me with my life. She helped me calm down and get over this as well,\" said she.Rashmi, who became a household name much like her screen persona Tapasya, with her startling performances on dance reality shows and stand up comedy acts, also feels that her married life needs to be her primary focus at the moment.\"Our Hindu wedding ceremony will happen soon. And then, I shall begin my new life with Nandish. I want to enjoy the happy space that I am in right now,\" revealed the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11383039", "title": "Education dept yet to wake up to National Year of Mathematics", "text": "MADURAI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh might have declared 2012 as the National Year of Mathematics. But the message is yet to catch up with school education department officials.\"He has just announced it. We are yet to chalk out any special programmes for promoting math skills among students,\" said an education department official in Madurai.Madurai has a fluctuating pattern in the number of centum scorers in SSLC exams. While in 2009, there were 356 students scoring a centum in Mathematics in the SSLC stream, in 2010, the numbers plummeted to just 108 centum scorers in the district. However, in 2011 students in the district set a record of sorts after 782 of them scored centum in the subject. The district also recorded an overall pass percentage of 90%.\"There cannot be any specific reason for the rise and fall in the number of centum scorers. It happens across the state. But identifying the math talent in a student and providing a scheduled training would ensure that they score centum in board exams,'' says R Selvaraj, a mathematics teacher who also runs a tuition centre in Madurai. He noted that there were good teachers available in government schools as well to achieve the task of pruning students into mathematicians.Chief education officer S Nagaraja Murugan, however, said that he had already completed a training programme for teachers in all the schools in the district to fine-tune students. \"One of the components of the training programme was on how to score centum in maths. The teachers would in turn impart the methodologies taught during the training programme to the students,\" he said.He added that they had planned for another training programme for teachers this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11382132", "title": "Engineer sold soaps for iPhone, duped of 25,000", "text": "GURGAON: Two unknown persons duped an engineer in DLF area in the guise of selling him Apple iphone . The accused allegedly took Rs 25,000 from the victim for two iphones. However, later when the victim opened the boxes, he found bathing soaps inside.According to the police, Kamal Chawla, a resident of Suhant Lok-I lodged a complaint against two unknown persons who had duped him. In his complaint, Chawla has mentioned that on January 2, the duo had approached him around 11:45 am. They convinced Chawla that they were ready to sell two latest iphones for a throwaway price of Rs 30,000. After a hard bargain, Chawla struck a deal for Rs 25,000.When Chawla asked the fraudsters to give him a demo of the product, they took him to a mobile shop where a salesman allegedly confirmed that the product was genuine. Subsequently, Chawla paid them Rs 25,000 cash for two iphones. Soon, the fraudsters disappeared from the spot and when Chawla opened the packets he found bathing soaps. DLF-II police have registered a case against the two unknown persons and are investigating the case. Till Thursday evening, police had no clue in the case. \"Our team is on the job and we are hopeful of nabbing them soon,\" said Kailash Chander, additional SHO of DLF-II police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11381912", "title": "1.5 lakh devotees throng Perumal temple in Salem", "text": "SALEM: Nearly 1.5 lakh devotees from across Salem district witnessed the darshan at the Azhagirinadha Perumal Temple for the Vaigunda Ekadesi festival on Thursday.The Sorga Vassal was opened at 5 a.m. to long queues of devotees waiting to pray. There were three queues set up at Majid Street, Sannadi Street and Kottai Street. The lines extended to about 1.5km. According to temple official R Jaganathan, 6,000 free passes were issued to politicians of power and 500 to VIPS. Temple authorities also arranged for wheel chairs for the handicapped.Every year M Saraswathi, hailing from Gengavalli, visited the Lord Perumal Temple on Vaigunda Ekadesi day, with her family. \"We remained in the same spot in the queue on Majid Street for almost two hours as they allowed the pass-holders first,\" she said.\"There was no drinking water facility, nor was there a pandhal. We had to deal with the hot sun. It is also very difficult for senior citizens without mobile toilet facilities,\" said S Mani from Valapadi.When questioned, Salem collector K Maharapushanam said that a meeting had been conducted to discuss implementation of adequate facilities for devotees. Instructions were also given to revenue divisional officer Prasanna Ramasamy, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382769", "title": "Complaints against Kiran greet Azad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress functionaries Thursday complained to AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad about chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy not rewarding loyal workers of the party and there being no coordination between the state government and the party machinery.Accompanied by PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, Azad on Thursday morning went to Gandhi Bhavan, the state Congress party headquarters, and met several party functionaries. \"Individually and together, they complained to him that Kiran Kumar was ignoring the loyal workers. He is not giving appointments to state party general secretaries and secretaries and not rewarding the workers by appointing them as heads of state public sector undertakings. And, there is a complete lack of coordination between the state government and the party,\" sources said that that was the gist of the complaint from party workers.Among functionaries who met Azad were general secretaries D Balapochaiah and G Niranjan, secretary K Gowri Shankar, former MLC Ganga Bhavani, Medak district party chief K Nandeshwar Goud, Ranga Reddy DCC president KM Pratap, state minority cell chairman Mohd Sirajuddin and senior leader K Nageshwar Rao.According to sources, the functionaries also told Azad that Kiran Kumar was going soft on YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy.\"Jagan has been repeatedly criticising the Congress and its president Sonia Gandhi. But not once has the chief minister hit back at Jagan,\" said the sources.Later in the afternoon, a delegation of ministers from Telangana region called on the AICC general secretary at Lake View Guest House and pressed for an early decision on Telangana by the Centre.The ministers included K Jana Reddy, Ponnala Lakshmaiah, DK Aruna, Sunitha Laxma Reddy and Basavaraj Saraiah.In response to their plea, Azad reportedly told them that a decision on Telangana would be taken soon.\"He told the ministers that the delay was due to party high command being preoccupied with some national issues.He said that he would soon hold a meeting with them to discuss the way forward on the contentious matter.On their part, the Telangana ministers told the AICC general secretary that more the Congress delays its decision on Telangana, more will be the damage it sustains. Azad assured the T leaders that he would convey their feelings to Congress president Sonia Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11383137", "title": "Moving pawns on UP chessboard", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP's complex electoral calculus is proving to be as confusing for political parties as it is for voters.With less than a month to go for the first phase of polling in what is being billed as a crucial election, the four main players - BSP, SP, Congress and BJP - are still in the throes of finalising their lists of candidates, making it virtually impossible for voters to discern a trend or make a choice.The suspense is compounded by rapid changes even after names have been announced as the hunt for \"winnable'' candidates reaches a frenzy now that the countdown has begun. It has triggered a feeling of uncertainty among nominees, many of who have put their campaign on hold for fear of losing the promised ticket at the last moment in the event of the party changing its mind. While the BSP, Congress and BJP are taking their time as they play a \"wait and watch'' game, the SP has been the biggest loser so far, having changed more than 30% of the candidates it had announced. Ironically, the party was first off the block in what observers lauded as a mature move.It released the names of 393 nominees on April 8, 2011, giving them a head start over others to nurture their constituencies. But by December, after the list changed several times over, it was evident that the initiative had gone awry. Elections in UP are like a chess game, say political leaders. It's all about hitting on the right caste and community combination to make the winning number.The strength of a candidate is both inherent and relative. Much depends on where he or she stands in relation to other pieces on the board. It is imperative, therefore, for every party to study the moves of its opponents before making a final choice. And the game continues till the eleventh hour, when the date for filing nominations is over.The SP's confusion over its Lambhua nominee illustrates the conundrum all parties face. It has changed its candidate for the seat six times. The party first nominated Santosh Pandey in April, only to replace him with his brother and ex-MLA Anil Pandey a week later. Anil too did not last long and lost out to Indu Prakash Misra within a fortnight. There was such stiff resistance from party workers to Misra that he himself requested the party to replace him, paving the way for Surabhi Shukla.A fortnight later, the party changed its mind again and opted for its first choice, Santosh Pandey. If party insiders are to be believed, Santosh is losing ground again and Shukla may be back. \"Each and every change is made on the basis of the candidate's winnability. This factor may not necessarily be determined by an individual's popularity across the party's traditional vote bank,\" says a senior Muslim SP leader. \"Elements like the candidate fielded by a rival party and caste composition of the constituency play a vital role in selecting candidates.\"But SP workers are not convinced. They feel that this unceasing shuffling impacts the party's prospects at the grass-roots level. \"Most candidates have put their campaigning on hold,\" says Arshad Ahmed, an SP worker from Lakhimpur. \"No one wants to take the risk of investing manpower and money in campaigning when he is not sure whether he will remain the candidate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11383906", "title": "All you need to know about the NMC polls", "text": "New electoral pattern of NMCIn the outgoing government, there were 136 wards, each represented by one corporator. This time, the number of corporators has been increased to 145. However, the number of the wards has been reduced to 72. Now every ward - now known as prabhag - will have two corporators.As the reservation for women corporators has increased from 33% to 50%, one seat will be reserved for a woman while one is open, which implies that candidates of both genders can contest from it. Ward No. 72 has three seats - two reserved for women.The increase in reservation for women may be a politically right step but in reality it leads to increase in number of proxy candidates. It is the husbands and, in some cases, brothers or fathers of women corporators who wield real power.A voter is expected to vote for two candidates. However, he/she can vote for only one candidate if he wishes to do so. The voter can also vote for candidates belonging to two different parties contesting from the two seats.NMC administration had proposed to increase the number of zones from existing ten to twelve. While the state government has not approved this proposal, the prabhags have been grouped into twelve zones with each zone having six prabhags.The prabhag system was in place between 2002 and 2007 and created a lot of practical problems. It was disbanded in 2007. However, state government has reintroduced as it favours the Congress, according to political experts.Structure of Nagpur Municipal CorporationNMC, like all other urban local bodies, is jointly managed by elected members and staffers. While the mayor is the first citizen of a city, it is the municipal commissioner who has the powers to implement the decisions taken by elected representatives.The financial decisions of NMC are taken by the standing committee in association with the commissioner. It prepares the budget of the civic agency. Most decisions having a financial impact cannot be implemented without clearance of this committee. This committee has sixteen members.There are eight subject committees for supervising various services provided by NMC. These include committees for weaker sections, education, hospitals, public works, health and markets, water supply, octroi and women and child welfare. There are several departments that provide various services to Nagpurians.The working of NMC has now been decentralized. The city has been divided at zone level and many decisions are now taken at the zone level. Each zone is headed by an assistant commissioner on administrative side and has a chairperson to supervise the working.Major policy decisions of NMC are taken by the general body, which comprises all the corporators. The mayor presides over the general body meetings. In his/her absence, the deputy mayor is in charge.How the government is formed?After the election results are out, if a party with its pre-poll allies has a clear majority, it stakes claim to power. However, in absence of a clear mandate, major parties try to persuade independents and corporators belonging to minor parties to join hands with them. The alliance which has more than half corporators forms the government.Mayor and deputy mayor need over 50 % votesThe mayor and deputy mayor are elected by the general body, also called the House. Various alliances or parties field their candidates in the first general body meeting, which is presided over by the senior-most corporator of the House. The candidate of the coalition with the majority naturally wins. The government in NMC is formed from the day the new mayor takes charge.The deadline for NMC for election of mayor is March 5.The election of deputy mayor takes place in a similar fashion. The tenure of mayor and deputy mayor is two-and-a-half years. However, they may be repeated for the remaining term.Other major office-bearersIn addition to mayor and deputy mayor, one of the most important posts is that of the ruling party leader. He is the head of the party having maximum members of the ruling coalition. The leader of the opposition is the face of the opposition parties. In addition, every party appoints a party leader in NMC, who represents it in the civic agency.The members of this committee used to be elected earlier. Now, they are appointed by the municipal commissioner on basis of the party strength. The party leaders in NMC submit the names of the corporators whom they wish to appoint on the standing committee. The committee members then elect a chairman, who naturally belongs to ruling coalition. The tenure of the standing committee is for one year. The members may or may not be replaced depending on the concerned party's decision.Mayor appoints members of subject committeesThe members of the eight subject committees are chosen by the mayor, who also appoints a chairman. The members usually represent all the major parties in NMC House.Corporators of a zone elect a chairpersonThe corporators of a zone elect a chairperson, who supervises the functioning of the zone office. In many zones, opposition corporators are elected to this post as the opposition parties hold the sway in that area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383669", "title": "Man seeks stay on Vikram movie", "text": "CHENNAI: A civil court has issued notice to four parties, including actor Vikram, on a petition seeking an interim stay on the shooting of the film, 'Karikalan'. The matter is set to come up on January 12 at the 15th assistant city civil court.The petition was filed by K Rajashekaran alias K S Nagaraj, proprietor of M/s GSR Vinmeen Creations, who said he had the \"pre-emptive rights to the title and the story\" of the film. In his petition, Rajashekaran said he had completed a threeyear course in music after his schooling and went on to compose music for television serials, programmes and documentaries.While in class 12, he said he became interested in the history of the Chola emperor Karikalan, who built the first dam in the country. In 1991, he began working on a script based on the king's life. After meeting several associates in the film industry and getting advice from a few producers, the petitioner said he registered the title of the film in 1994 with the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce. At the launch of his music album, he had announced plans to produce a movie on Karikalan, Rajashekaran said.He said he had spent Rs 10 lakh mobilising funds for the project, and had worked on posters and music. However, hecould not proceed due to financial constraints. The petitioner said he was not allowed to renew his registration in 2006.Hearing that a film on the same subject was being made, he approached the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce for action but there was no response, the petition said. Maintaining that he had ownership over the story and that it amounted to theft if anyone used it, the petitioner said he had lodged a complaint with the police commissioner on November 24, 2011 on the grounds that the film makers had stolen the title and story of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383629", "title": "Illegal buillding works: Neighbours can join suit, says HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Your neighbour can have a say if you put up an illegal construction. The Bombay High Court has allowed a city resident to intervene in a case filed by her neighbour in connection with the illegal construction put up by him. This order is important in a city like Mumbai where thousands of encroachments and illegal building activities go unchecked.Fifty-two-year-old Falaknoor Lakdawalla, a resident of south Mumbai, claimed that the alleged illegal additions made by Aijaz Shaikh (34), who stays in a neigbouring building, was affecting her privacy and blocking light and ventilation.\"Falaknoor can be said to be a person vitally interested in the subject matter of the case,\" said Justice R M Savant, while dismissing Shaikh's application challenging a civil court's order allowing Falaknoor to become a party in the suit. \"This is not a case where a total stranger or third party is seeking to intermeddle in a suit with ulterior motives. Falaknoor, in the capacity of a neighbour, would be entitled to bring to the notice of the court the violation of municipal laws, or the development control regulations (DCR), which has the effect of affecting her rights.\"Referring to the rampant violations of civic laws in the city, the judge said that the courts could take a more liberal view. \"As times are changing, especially when there is a growing tendency discernible as regards violation of the DCR and municipal laws, a liberal approach in the matter as to who can be a party to the suit needs be taken so that the case is adjudicated in a proper and fair manner,\" said Justice Savant . He, however, added that courts should exercise their discretion in such matters \"as there may be cases where for mala fide reasons or to settle personal scores, a party might want to intermeddle in a particular suit by filing an application\" . The court, however, said that as a general rule not all persons lodging complaints about illegal structures can be made parties in such litigations.For a citizen, usually the only way to object to an illegal construction is either to complain to the civic authorities or file a writ petition or a PIL in the HC Courts, in many judgments, have rejected applications by people seeking to intervene in suits concerning demolition saying they are not a \"necessary party'' With the Bombay HC now urging a more \"liberal approach'' on who can be a party, it would be up to the persons who complain about illegal constructions to prove that their \"rights'' are affected The HC, however, has asked courts to exercise discretion so that busybodies with an axe to grind are not made parties to the caseLakdawalla and Shaikh stayed on the third floor of two buildings on Masjid Street, separated by a narrow gully. Falaknoor said Aijaz turned the attic in his building into a room by encroaching on the open space. Due to that, the privacy and safety of other tenants of her building and herself were compromised besides blocking the air and light. After BMC issued a demolition notice to Aijaz in May 2011, he challenged it in court; Falaknoor filed an application seeking to be made a party in the case. The civil court allowed her plea, following which Aijaz moved HC.Aijaz's lawyers said Falaknoor was not concerned, as she was neither a resident nor the building's owner. Falaknoor's lawyers said as Aijaz did the illegal construction on the same floor, her and other tenants' rights were affected. The court agreed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383556", "title": "Station stall vendors beat up woman", "text": "MUMBAI: A social worker was bashed up by employees of a food stall at Borivli station early on Thursday when she objected to the sale of eatables at a cost higher than the maximum retail price.Mehta has been hospitalized with facial injuries. Two assailants have been booked by the GRP (Government Reserve Police) and officials have recorded Mehta's statement. Ramesh Maiti (21), a stall attendant, has been arrested for the assault.Piyusha Mehta (50), a resident of Goregaon, had approached the station manager's office with a complaint about the pricing and other irregularities by the stall contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11382139", "title": "Congress faces a royal dilemma over Patiala seat", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 'royal dilemma' in Congress pushed the Patiala seats to a last-minute decision, but keeping aside concerns that state party chief Capt Amarinder Singh and son Raninder Singh contesting neighbouring seats of their erstwhile kingdom may not send the right message to Punjab at large, the high command chose to field his son from Samana in Patiala district.Patiala has become Captain's 'fiefdom' with Amarinder Singh contesting from Patiala Urban. His wife and Union minister Preneet Kaur is MP from Patiala.Earlier, Raninder had reportedly shown interest in the adjoining constituency Patiala Rural, which was also claimed by senior partyman and non-Sikh Brahm Mahindra. The Congress preferred Mahindra to send out the \"inclusive\" political message that Akali Dal cannot match.Another claimant for the seat was Amarinder's brother Malwinder Singh, among a host of others.It is said that Amarinder was not too keen on fielding his son, as he told TOI earlier in an interview, citing his son's commitments with rifle association etc. But his wife wanted her son to establish himself in Punjab politics now.It would have been par for course in Congress but for the caution on 'social dynamics' after the 2007 experience. Sources argued it would not be right for optics that son claims the seat of his choice while father contests Patiala Urban, with mother as Lok Sabha MP.The impression of the 'kingdom' turning into a family fief has raised concern.Delimitation had shifted the largest chunk of Mahindra's Samana seat to Patiala Rural.Mahindra, party sources said, would attract voters in urban seats with fair dominance of non-Sikhs. It is here that Congress stumbled in 2007, crashing the hopes of a repeat mandate, which it nearly pulled off.The failure to be seen favourably by non-Sikhs, insiders argue, sent 'Hindus' towards BJP, which emerged as Akali Dal's arm to court non-Sikhs. BJP swept 19 of 22 urban seats, tilting the balance towards the saffron coalition.The Punjab battle may turn into a battle of 'power families' if indications turn out that way. The Congress royal challenge would take on Akali Dal's Badal-heavy list, with indications that while senior Badal and heir apparent Sukhbir would be in the fray for sure, even daughter-in-law and MP Harsimrat could join in.Badal's son in law Adeish Pratap Singh and Sukhbir's brother-in-law, Bikram Majithia are also contesting these polls.Crucial contest* Amarinder will contest from Patiala urban while his son Raninder would be fighting it from the adjoining Samana constituency. Amarinder's wife and Union minister Preneet Kaur is Lok Sabha MP from Patiala* Allowing a 'Hindu' in a Patiala seat with Congress mascot Amarinder next door would send out the \"inclusive\" political message that Akali Dal cannot match* The Congress royal challenge would take on Akali Dal's Badal-heavy list", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382718", "title": "Technical snag causes confusion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Technical glitches has confused aspirants seeking admission into the National Institute of Design. While the written tests are scheduled for January 7 and January 8, the institute, on January 1, released a list of students on its website who were rejected from appearing for the test. However, the list was removed the next day and on the night of January 3, a new and longer list was put up.\"The first list that I saw was two pages long and my name was not there. When my friends told me that the first list has been replaced by a new list, I checked it again and my name is among the rejected students,\" said Vivek, a student of LD engineering. \"I had applied for two disciplines. I was rejected in one and accepted in the other. I didn't understand the reason. So I had to rush to the institute.\"On reaching the institute, Vivek was told by the officials at the institute that he had been rejected from appearing in one of the disciplines because he had submitted two application forms but just one set of documents.Many students like Vivek thronged to NID on Thursday to seek explanation regarding the matter. An applicant from Rajkot, Chirag, who faced an identical issue said, \"Why didn't they guide us at the time of accepting the forms?\"Talking about the reason for retracting the first list and issuing a new list, NID registrar Vijaya Deshmukh said, \"We faced some technical issues due to which the first list came out with the wrong information.\"The written test for undergraduate programme will be held on January 7 at the LD Engineering College. The test for post-graduate programme will be held on January 8 at the same venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11382068", "title": "15 hurt in Hailakandi as road blockade turns violent", "text": "SILCHAR: At least 15 persons, including students and women, were injured during a road blockade agitation in Hailakandi on Thursday.An auto-rickshaw drivers' association gave a call for indefinite blockade of the Hailakandi-Dwarband-Silchar road from early Thursday, seeking immediate repair of the dilapidated road. According to the agitators, the road, which connects Assam University situated at Dorgakona with both Silchar and Hailakandi, is considered as a lifeline for the region. However, the entire stretch is dotted by potholes. Vehicles ply through the road with great risk. Despite a lot of complaints, the authorities concerned were not responding to repair the stretch. Therefore they called the stir.Reports from Hailakandi said as soon as the agitators started the at Matijuri point near Hailakandi town, a group of people opposing the blockade programme engaged in a clash with the agitators. During the incident, the miscreants ransacked five passenger vehicles.At least 15 persons, including five students of Assam University, and four women sustained injuries after being hit by bricks and stones. The injured were admitted to Hailakandi Civil Hospital. They were, however, released after preliminary treatment.Police soon rushed to the spot only to disperse the mob. Cops also helped freed the road at 10.30 am by chasing away the agitators. However, there's no report of any arrest.A student said they were on their way to Assam University for appearing in the ongoing semester examination. But they could not sit for the day's examination due to the road blockade. \"We requested the agitators to allow our vehicle to go. But they were not ready to do so. However, we thank those opposing the untimely agitation and police for helping in dispersing the agitators,\" said the student.A senior police officer said they had earlier requested the agitators not to go ahead with the blockade during this period in view of the ongoing examination at the varsity and the popular Ravindra Mela at Hailakandi. But they were adamant on creating inconvenience to students and the common people. The supporters of the blockade and those opposing the same have lodged separate cases in Hailakandi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "11383027", "title": "Heavy bandobust for Naidu\u2019s T-tour", "text": "WARANGAL: More than 2,000 police personnel have been deployed in Palakurthy as part of tight security arrangements ahead of TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu's tour on Friday even as police made preventive arrests of 1,500 Telangana protagonists and TRS workers.Apart from an additional SP, 12 DSPs, 44 CIs, 117 SIs and 1,588 constables, 600 home guards and one platoon of Rapid Action Force, 10 district guards and 20 CRPF jawans have been deployed.TRS district convenor P Sudarshan Reddy and Warangal West MLA D Vinaya Bhaskar were also arrested at the TRS office here late in the evening during a press conference. Several TRS mandal-level leaders and activists were taken into police custody on Thursday and sent to different police stations as the police were keen to ensure that Naidu completes his tour without any obstacles.Sources said the arrested would not be freed till late Friday night. Lambasting police for their high-handedness, TRS and Telangana political JAC have given a district bandh call on Friday in protest against the tour of Naidu. Vinaya Bhaskar appealed to the people to obstruct Naidu from conducting his tour.Private colleges and school managements have declared holiday on Friday in view of the TRS bandh, while people's organizations activists are actively campaigning in the district to make Friday's bandh a total success. Tension prevailed at Palakurthy and Kodakandala mandals as villagers alleged that the police were disturbing their daily routine in the last three days by imposing several curbs on their movements.Wardhannapet constituency TRS incharge M Ravinder Rao and district secretary B Bharath Kumar Reddy said that Telangana TDP Forum convenor Errabelli Dayakar Rao was provoking his party cadre to take on TRS workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11383488", "title": "Touts milk farmers, state govt in free cow scheme", "text": "TRICHY: The much-touted scheme to distribute milch cows free to farmers to augment milk production in the state has come under a cloud. It is being alleged that intermediaries roped in to help with the purchase of cattle from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka are exploiting the norms of the scheme to pocket huge commissions. And beneficiaries are complaining that the cows are not adapting to local conditions and the milk output is far from what was promised.In Srirangam, the chief minister's constituency, five of the 150 cows purchased from AP have died in the past few days. A veterinarian, who didn't want to be named, said the scheme only fattened the pockets of middlemen. He said cows worth Rs 8,000-Rs 15,000 were being purchased at prices ranging from Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000.The scheme, announced by chief minister Jayalalithaa on July 9 last, was inaugurated on September 15, the birth anniversary of former chief minister C N Annadurai. Cross-bred Jersey cows were to be purchased from AP or Karnataka and provided to beneficiaries. No expert opinion available on cows' health, say officialsThe beneficiaries were to be chosen by the animal husbandry and veterinary services department from villages that didn't have primary milk cooperative societies. Beneficiaries were to get a maximum of Rs 30,000 to purchase a cow and Rs 5,000 for its transportation. About 12,000 beneficiaries were to be given cows in the first year and the scheme was to reach 60,000 people over five years.The scheme was exclusively for women and they were allowed to nominate a person to make the purchase on their behalf. According to a vet, the purchases were made by brokers who would first manipulate the prices. Since the people were getting the animal free, they were only interested in ensuring that the price did not exceed Rs 30,000. A government official complained that higher officials were pushing the scheme without thinking about the practical difficulties. The official also said experts were unavailable to ascertain if the cow was diseased during the time of purchase.When the scheme was implemented in Panayapuram near Trichy, 50 women went to Chittoor district in AP in September to buy cows. Joint director of animal husbandry Dr Rajasekharan confirmed the deaths and said he would find out why the animals were dying and would report the matter to the government. Deputy director of animal husbandry Dr Chandrasekhar argued that his department was doing \"wonderful service\" to the people. According to him, the purchasing was done by the villagers and the government stepped in only to ascertain the quality of the animal. However, two or three animals died of snake bite. He dismissed the allegation that brokers inflated the price of cows .Trichy district collector Jayashree Muralidharan too claimed that two cows died of snake bite and three others of other causes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11381742", "title": "University of Mysore gets potential for excellence tag", "text": "MYSORE: The University of Mysore has hit gold again, helping it to focus on research. The state's oldest varsity has been awarded the 'Universities with Potential for Excellence' (UPE) status from the University Grants Commission (UGC), giving it huge recognition and funds amounting to Rs 50 crore.It is among six universities in India to have got the UPE status, which will help the centre of higher learning to equip itself for futuristic teaching. It campuses will have a high performance computing environment and there will be a centre for the study of advanced science.Some four years after the 95-year-old varsity got special grants of Rs 100 crore, coupled with the 'Institution of Excellence' tag, courtesy the Union government, the apex UGC has awarded it the UPE tag. The UGC awarded it the special distinction given the project the varsity presented to it. Its brand name was also taken note of. But what finally netted the tag was the projects proposed, sources told The Times of India.Under the UPE scheme, the varsity is setting up a centre for the promotion of advanced science investing Rs 15 crore, a centre for the study of media and social development (Rs 4.5 crore) and investing Rs 5 crore for the extension of high performance computing environment in the campuses.A centre for the education of visually challenged persons will come up at a cost of Rs 10 crore, which is aimed at addressing the issues and needs of visually impaired persons. There will be a multimedia learning resource creation centre (Rs 4 crore) too. \"We focused on research activities and to upgrade the infrastructure to attend to the needs of the present generation,\" V-C V G Talawar told TOI. It is a challenge too, he added.The varsity had applied for the tag some two years ago and competed with 39 varsities throughout the nation. All of them were asked to make the proposals and 10 varsities were shortlisted. Later, the proposals were vigorously scanned and evaluated by the UGC. The application and planning after Rs 100 crore was awarded to it helped the varsity shortlist the projects. A core group consisting of former V-Cs and professors worked on it.The varsity is investing Rs 50 crore for the studies in bio-diversity of the Western Ghats with the Rs 100 crore special grants.HistoryWhen princely state Mysore's top administrator M Kantharaj Urs was touring Japan in early 1916 he received kudos for Mysore's academic achievements.Referring to the education system in the princely state, he was told that Mysore had made great strides in reaching education to the community.\"I may here perhaps mention that the name and fame of Mysore as one of the most enlightened States of India have reached even the far distant Japan,\" Urs, who was dewan of Mysore, had recollected while addressing legendary Maharaja's College Day celebrations in October, 1916. \"While I was there, a few of the leading men of the place... congratulated me on our compulsory system of education and our University,\" he had stated.Institution of excellenceThe varsity is preparing to get the third and final installment of Rs 33.33 crore of the Rs 100 crore special grants awarded by the Centre. Some 60% of the Rs 67 crore grants has been spent. The second installment of Rs 33.33 crore was released in March 2011, helping it continue with the study and research in biodiversity. Getting equipment worth Rs 16 crore to assist research in biodiversity is taking time, the V-C explained. The first installment of Rs 33.33 crore was sanctioned in August 2009.The varsity has set up an advanced centre for the study of biodiversity with financial assistance. The centre, a multi-disciplinary centre with social sciences and law faculties teaming up with the science departments, is working to map and document biodiversity, human population, traditional knowledge and abiotic resources in the Western Ghats.Ex- president attached to varsitySarvepalli Radhakrishnan taught philosophy at Maharaja's College before rising to be India's second President. When he was leaving the institution, Radhakrishnan was accorded a warm send-off though the student community was disheartened. The students pulled the carriage carrying him from the college to the Mysore railway station. Among other noted personalities who were attached to the varsity, either as teachers or as alumni, are poet laureate Kuvempu, renowned novelist R K Narayan, N R Narayana Murthy of Infosys, noted scientist C N R Rao, celebrated cartoonist R K Laxman, littereateurs C D Narasimhaiah and U R Ananthamurthy.Ex- education minister served as VC hereSome of the noted names in Indian history have served as the V-C of the varsity. Among the many efforts to raise its standards of education in its formative years, the administrators persuaded noted scholar Brajendranath Seal of the Calcutta University to be the V-C.Educationist and parliamentarian K L Shrimali, who was Union education minister for eight years from 1955 came here to be V-C in 1964. Now, five V-Cs in the state were the teaching faculty at the varsity. Recently, it got its academic and administrative performance evaluated by a team of experts including the former V-Cs.It's raining PhDs too at the varsity. In 2011, it has breached 350-mark bettering the pervious all-time record of 306 PhDs awarded in an academic year (2010).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382753", "title": "3 SIs give nakas a slip, suspended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three sub-inspectors (SIs) have paid heavy price for not being their at check points as they were suspended in late evening hours of Thursday. The three SIs are police post in charges and were asked to report in police lines, Sector 26, with immediate effect.The suspended cops included SI Jaswinder Kaur, in charge of PP-61, SI Jaspal Singh, in charge of PP-61, and SI Jaiveer Singh, in charge of PP Bapu Dham, Sector 26.Sources said special nakas were laid across the city from 4pm to 6pm while issuing instructions that nakas could be checked anytime within two hours. SSP Naunihal Singh checked the nakas.SI Jaswinder Kaur was deputed at the check point near Judicial Academy, Sector 42, SI Jaspal at the dividing road between sectors 52 and 53, and SI Jaiveer was expected to remain present at the police naka on the backside of Bapu Dham Colony, Sector 26.However, sources said suspended cops have also given their excuses and informed their SHOs of their absence at the nakas during evening hours.SI Jaspal claimed he had gone to attend an inquiry in the connection of Healthyway Immigration Scam, SI Kaur claimed she was attending a complaint of assault. SI Jaiveer too has told his side of the story to SHO of PS 26.The special nakas were laid down in view of increasing vehicle thefts and snatching incidents in the city. Meanwhile, again special nakas were laid down between 8pm and 10pm across the city and all 11 SHOs were instructed to be there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11383400", "title": "Foggy morning gives way to sunny afternoon", "text": "KANPUR: The morning was foggy and afternoon sunny on Thursday. The sun was after 10am the weather turned pleasant during the day. However, the chilly winds continued to blow even in the afternoon.The minimum temperature was 10.2 degrees which was nearly one degree more than that of Wednesday. The maximum was more than two degrees below that of the previous day and stood at 18.3 degrees.The humidity increased due to moisture content in the atmosphere. It was 98 per cent in morning and reduced to 84 per cent later in the day.According to the weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, similar weather conditions may prevail for some more days. The cold winds may continue to blow. The nights and mornings are likely to be foggy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11382113", "title": "10 killed as bus falls into gorge near Dimapur", "text": "DIMAPUR: At least 10 persons were killed and 36 injured when a Shillong-bound bus plunged into a gorge near Piphima, around 40 km from Dimapur, on Wednesday night.The accident took place at around 10.30 pm when the Rajdhani Travels bus coming from Churachandpur in Manipur fell into the 200-feet gorge while negotiating a sharp turn near the Assam Rifles camp at Piphima. The bus was carrying around 50 passengers.The bodies of the deceased were retrieved by Assam Rifles personnel on Thursday morning, while the injured, including 10 children, were shifted to different hospitals at Medzhiphema and Dimapur. The rescue operation was assisted by the district administration, Medziphema Police and local tribals.The deceased have been identified as Hahat Kuki, Moirangthem Kumerjeet Sing, Md Rafijuddin, Gailatou Thiamai, Kariangzitliu, Thenchiing Kuki, Lhunkhojang Kuki, Chinkoneng Kuki, Md Mohamuddin and Lhaichin Kuki. The bodies were sent to Imphal by Nagaland police in police trucks.Following the incident, officials of the district administration and police, including deputy commissioner Hushili Sema and Dimapur SP Z Mero rushed to the spot. Local MLA Azheto Zhimomi visited the injured passengers at the Dimapur District Hospital and donated Rs 25,000 for their treatment.Meanwhile, the state government has announced an ex-gratia of Rs 9 lakh to the accident victims. Rs 50,000 will be paid to the kin of each deceased while Rs 20,000, Rs 10,000 and Rs 5,000 will be paid to each of the injured persons depending on the nature of seriousness.Besides, the Dimapur district administration sanctioned Rs 45,000 for each of the deceased and arranged coffins for their burial. This apart, the Dimapur Municipal Council donated Rs 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11383449", "title": "'Ganga receives 20 per cent of water from glacier'", "text": "KANPUR: \"As much as 60% of water that comes from the melting of glaciers goes into Indus and Sutlej. Ganga receives only 20% of the glacier water. There is no threat of flood when the glaciers melt at a normal speed,\" said Vikrant Jain, department of geology, University of Delhi, while speaking at a conference on tropical rivers at IIT-Kanpur on Thursday.Jain said: \"We have better data now to study the glaciers and the melting process. Also, the impact of the melting of glaciers on our rivers could be studied, based on the data that we are receiving now,\" he said. The glaciers in Himalayan range have grown as well though the rate of growing is slow.Talking about what e-flow in the context of the rivers and how it could be defined, Jain said that under Ganga river basin management plan (GRBMP) e-flow of the rivers is being discussed. He said that the biodiversity of the rivers has to be maintained.\"In the context of e-flow, it has to be seen that a particular amount of water has to be maintained in the river every time. This would ensure good health. A lot of research work has been done on e-flow of the river in countries like US, Africa and Australia. This research has begun in India,\" said Jain.SK Tandon, professor, department of geology, University of Delhi said that rivers are an asset to the people. At present, the flow of rivers is disturbed and distorted due to the construction of the dams, bridges and barrages. \"Now, we have knowledge bank to save this important asset,\" Tandon added. He said that urbanization, human intervention and industralisation has affected the rivers to a large extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381619", "title": "Govt plans 11 tunnels on Pak, China borders", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union government is planning to build 11 tunnels in the strategically important road stretches close to the Pakistan and China borders. Two more tunnels will be built in Uttarakhand to improve connectivity in the hilly state. These all-weather tunnels, which will be built by the Border Road Organization (BRO), would cover about 89km. These tunnels are expected to help rapid mobilization of troops and equipments besides providing better connectivity to local residents, officials said.At a recent review meeting about the progress of road projects implemented by BRO, the road construction wing of the Army told the highways ministry officials that the feasibility studies of three projects are under progress. Two of them - the 12km Zojila and the 6.5km Z Morh tunnels - fall in Jammu and Kashmir and are crucial for connectivity between Srinagar and Leh. These two regions often remain cut off during winter as snow covers the highway connecting the regions. The third project has been planned near Rudraprayag in Uttarakhand.The BRO is likely to undertake the feasibility study of another nine tunnels in J&K;, Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim. India had stopped the road building activities in regions close to China border after the 1962 war with a view that better road network could help the Chinese forces to spread in case of an invasion. But that doctrine has been changed and several road development works are being undertaken by the BRO, which are funded by the ministry of road transport and highways (MoRTH).The BRO would take up construction of two tunnels, totaling 25.4km on Balipara-Charduar-Tawang road that would improve connectivity to Tawang region throughout the year. Supply of troops in Tawang region is being met by helicopters. Two more crucial tunnels have been planned in Sikkim, which are located only 19.3 and 24.6 km distance from the line of control (LoC).Rangpo tunnel in Sikkim that will be only 800meter long, is also expected to be built soon.Details available from a BRO presentation made to the highways ministry show that the completion of strategic roads has so far been unsatisfactory. Out of the 18 strategic roads totaling 1,693km, only four (102km) have been completed so far. Work on about 1,096 km is in progress. \"The BRO officers have told us that they face hardship in mobilization of men and material and they execute the projects under tough conditions. But they are expediting the key road networks which are strategically important and would also bring economic prosperity to neglected regions,\" said a senior highway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11384058", "title": "College girl sustains burns in acid attack", "text": "INDORE: Three motorcycle-borne youth on Thursday morning attacked a college girl with acid near Gulab Chakkar in Ratlam. The girl suffered burns in her legs and was discharged from the hospital after treatment.The police said that the three youths are still at large, and efforts on to nab them. The incident happened in the morning when the girl was on her way to college on her moped from DRP Line here. The reason behind the acid attack is yet to be known. The victim's father, a driver with the police department, has lodged a complaint with the Station Road police against three unidentified persons. Further investigations into the incident are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11382087", "title": "Mayor fires another missive against Rajpal", "text": "GURGAON: In yet another instance of the growing rift between city mayor Vimal Yadav and MCG commissioner Sudhir Rajpal, the former has written his second complaint letter within 10 days to the state financial commissioner.This time around, Yadav has alleged that the municipal commissioner has displayed high-handedness by extending a sanitation contract to a firm which delivered sub-par services in the city. He has sought immediate cancellation of the contract. A copy of the letter is with TOI. According to sources, the sanitation contractor - Balaji Security Services - is a close aide of a local MLA and it is at his insistence that the contract has been extended despite opposition by a majority of councillors and several complaints from residents.In the letter, the mayor has stated that the contract was extended despite his objection \"due to vested interests.\" He is also planning to move a resolution in the House meeting on Friday to cancel the contract altogether. \"Most of the councillors are unhappy with the sanitation conditions in the city and the way in which this contractor has been neglecting his work. He doesn't even pay heed to the complaints of the councillors.I personally wrote a letter to the commissioner on December 20 asking him not to extend the contract, but he still went ahead with the extension for one more year. We will try our best to stall the contract even as a reply from the chief secretary and financial commissioner is awaited,\" said Yadav.MCG officials also admit that the contractor has been able to get the extension because of his relationship with a local MLA.\"It's a well known fact that he has the backing of some politicians. Therefore, despite so many complaints against him, the commissioner has not been able to take any action,\" said a senior municipality official. Yadav had written a similar letter to the financial commissioner last week, saying that the fight between the elected councillors and the executive wing of the MCG was affecting day-to-day work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "11382110", "title": "Arpinder begins year with gold", "text": "GND STADIUM: Arpinder Singh began his year with a gold medal in triple jump at the all India inter-university athletics meet held in Mangalore, Karnataka, recently. Delighted with his success, the athlete said his winning stride left other athletes from across the country behind with a large margin.Arpinder, 19, said he has been fascinated with athletics since childhood and has been grooming his skills in triple jump for last six years under coach S S Pannu. \"Last year was quite favourable for me as I won a silver medal in junior Aisa athletics championship in Vietnam and registered a national record in triple jump clinching a gold at the national games held in Ranchi, Jharkhand,'' said Arpinder.A trainee at Sports Authority of India (SAI), Ludhiana, Arpinder got an opportunity to compete beside international athletes at the junior world athletics championship held at Canada in 2011. He also bagged a gold medal in all India inter-state athletics competition held at Bangalore and was declared the best athlete. Arpinder hails from Amritsar but stays at the SAI centre in the city at present. \"I clinched a gold in the open national athletics championship held at Kolkata, West Bengal, in 2010,'' he added.Arpinder said at present he is focusing on federation cup to be held in Patiala and hopes he would clinch a medal in that meet too. Dedicated to represent India at Olympics, Arpinder spends six hours every day practising on the ground. His coach Pannu said Arpinder is capable of representing the country at Olympics if he remains consistent with his performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11382032", "title": "NGOs seek special body for looking into dam projects", "text": "GUWAHATI: Welcoming the dialogue between anti-dam groups and the state government, NGOs working on biodiversity conservation have suggested formation of an autonomous body - Ecological Assessment Group (EAG).A joint statement by the Aaranyak, the Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and Environment (ATREE), EcoSystems-India, WWF-India and Dolphin Foundation said the EAG should be empowered to examine all ecological aspects including biodiversity, ecosystems, livelihoods issues and downstream impacts in Assam in connection with all hydroelectric projects planned in Arunachal Pradesh.The NGOs have suggested that EAG should comprise ecologists, hydrologists, forest and wildlife experts, livelihood experts, sociologists and economists from both national and regional levels. With growing discontent in Assam over large hydro-electric projects planned in Arunachal Pradesh, NGOs have recommended that work for hydel projects should not be initiated and all ongoing works should be stopped until they are cleared by the EAG.The recent protests in Lakhimpur and Dhemaji districts against the 2000 MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project have highlighted the impact of such projects on downstream areas. Protesters claim the project would affect the livelihoods of people in the two districts.Although the NHPC, which is constructing the project, has been maintaining that it has taken utmost care to mitigate the threats, the protesters refused to buy the argument. \"At this critical juncture, we request all parties involved in the proposed discussions to seriously consider the ecological consequences of the Lower Subansiri project on both upstream and downstream areas, with utmost urgency,\" secretary general of Aaranyak, Bibhab Talukdar added.The NGOs in the joint statement said the cumulative impact of the proposed hydropower projects on different tributaries of the Brahmaputra will be \"significantly higher\" on the river ecosystems, riparian lives and livelihoods than perceived by the executing agencies.Experts viewed that the protests and discontent over mega hydro-electric projects were also manifestation of increasing water-related conflicts in the northeast. Experts from different organizations across the country will gather here from January 23 to 26 to deliberate on various water-related conflicts emerging in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386385", "title": "Simbu, Jiiva bury hatchet", "text": "Staying true to the Love Anthem that he recently composed, Simbu seems to be spreading love.Yes, STR, who reportedly is not sharing good vibes with Jiiva, wished him online on his birthday. In the last few months, the two actors were not seeing eye to eye and their catfight was the hot topic of discussion in the industry. Incidentally, their cold vibes between them started when Jiiva's Ko, which Simbu had walked out of, became a blockbuster.Jiiva even replaced Simbu in Nanban. And subsequently, Jiiva was reported to have said that Simbu was not his friend and STR's good friend Jai went on to hit out on Jiiva. But now, the two actors seem to have sorted out their differences.STR wished Jiiva on his micro-blogging site, \"Happy birthday brother. Nanban trailer is rocking and you look great. All the very best for the film !\" And Jiiva replied, \"Thanks a lot mate. Happy you liked the trailer. See you soon!\"Well, looks like all is well between the two actors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11381025", "title": "Five years from now, trains may run at 200 kmph", "text": "PUNE: The Railways is looking at increasing the speed of passenger trains to 200 km per hour (kmph) on the Mumbai-Delhi track over the next five years, Railway board member (engineering) A P Mishra said here on Thursday.Mishra, who was in the city to inaugurate a national technical seminar organised by the Institution of Permanent Way Engineers (India), said steps have been initiated for enhancing the speed of trains. \"A Japanese firm has undertaken a detailed study on upgrading speed of trains on the Mumbai-Delhi track and will submit its report for further decisions. One or two tracks under the Railways will run the trains at a maximum speed of 200 kmph in another five years.\"He said, \"At present, trains in the railway network in the country run at a peak speed of about 120 to 130 kmph. Only the Delhi-Agra track registers the highest speed of 150 kmph, but that is also way below achieving 200 kmph. Overall also, we are taking steps to upgrade the speed of passenger trains in the country.\"Mishra said that upgradation of existing tracks by using conventional technology such that trains can run in the 160 kmph to 200 kmph range is a better and much viable option, than implementation of a state-of-the-art high speed corridors and bullet train corridor project which could involve high costs and take more time.He further said, \"Railways have identified six corridors for pre-feasibility studies for high-speed rail corridor for which studies are already in process for four project including Pune-Mumbai-Ahmedabad, Delhi-Chandigarh-Amritsar, Howrah-Chennai and Chennai-Bangalore-Coimbatore-Thiruva- nantha-puram. A separate autonomous body National High Speed Rail Authority is in the process of being constituted.\"Mishra also said the Railways was mulling removal of level-crossing gates. At present, about 40% rail accidents occur near railway crossings. \"To reduce fatal accidents, the Railways is minimising level crossings and is looking at options like manning of level crossings and constructing rail over bridges (ROB) and rail under bridges (RUB) to reduce accidents,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382835", "title": "9 held for poaching cranes in Kodinar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nine persons, six of them fishermen, have been arrested in Kodinar taluka for poaching demoiselle cranes. The magistrate court in Kodinar refused to grant remand to the all accused.The accused have confessed that they had killed the birds for their own consumption during the new year celebration.Deputy conservator of forest K Ramesh said further investigations are being conducted to know who were involved in the incident. He said the fishermen had used nets tied between two kites to trap the birds. The accused were part of the gang that wanted to have crane delicacy for dinner. \"They claim they had been told by friends that crane meat was very delicious and ideal during the winter. This led them to poach these birds which are present in large number in this area,\" a forest official was quoted as saying.The accuse have been sent to Judicial custody. The forest department is all set to oppose the bail application which is likely to come up for hearing on Friday.On Thursday, the forest department moved the remand application and said that they had to recover the knives used for the crime and also know what was the modus operandi. The forest department submitted that they also wanted to inquire if the accused were involved in more such incidents.\"Since this is the time for the migratory birds, the forest department has increased the vigil in the area and has also requested the people along the coast to inform if they notice kites flying activities with nets tied to the two kites. The department will definitely take action and the teams which are on the alert will act immediately,\" said K Ramesh.Forest officials on Thursday re-constructed the crime scene to get minute details of the modus operandi adopted by the poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11382140", "title": "Only 10 of 19 parks remain", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: It is among the oldest, posh and supposedly greenest localities in Ludhiana, but a walk through Sarabha Nagar pulls the mask off any claims that the civic authorities have been making. Each year, the locality loses more of its green cover with parks left to neglect and residents complain that there are hardly any places for their kids to play.Ironically, according to the original master plan prepared by Ludhiana Improvement Trust (LIT) in 1968, Sarabha Nagar was allotted space for 19 parks across its various blocks. Cut to 2012 and about nine parks are either covered under heaps of garbage or houses have been built on them.On Thursday, TOI had highlighted the axing of trees in two parks of J-block and before that in a park of I-block. In I-block, the land was also ploughed, leaving no sign of the trees that stood on it.Apart from these, three parks near Sarabha Nagar's main market are being used by restaurant owners as garbage dumps and the complaints of residents has triggered no change. Two other parks are allegedly under illegal possession of MC officers and nobody is being able to take action against them.While the signs of carelessness are obvious, the authorities are trying to convince that everything is fine. Area councillor Amrit Varsha Rampal said pruning trees is a normal feature and there should be no hue and cry over it. \"Pruning had become important in those two parks.'' Admitting that some of the parks are in pathetic condition, she claimed that the authorities are aware of the need of trees and are maintaining parks.A S Sekhon, assistant commissioner and head of MC horticulture branch said, \"Park management committees are working towards maintenance of parks.\"The MC's horticulture branch has no accountability so one can hardly see any greenery around. Nothing is being done to preserve the tree cover. S S Chana | i blockOur area has a single park and that too is very small. The MC should develop abandoned parks in other blocks also. Aarchi Goyal | f blockResidents have planted a few Ashoka trees or kept some flower pots at their homes but big trees are required for a greener environment. Amarjit Singh | a blockOur block used to have three parks but houses have been constructed on two of these. As green steadily turns grey, residents suffer. Sunny Khullar | h block", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11382086", "title": "Sant Samaj too opposes Teenu's candidature from Adampur", "text": "JALANDHAR: The Shiromani Akali Dal leaders who have revolted against candidature of Pawan Teenu from Adampur have not won the support of Damdami Taksal led Sant Samaj also. Sant Samaj leaders would now take up the issue with chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and Shiromani Akali Dal president Sukhbir Badal to ask them to replace Teenu.Ghosts of around nine years old Talhan episode are out to haunt Teenu, who was then a BSP leader and was in the front line against Jat Sikhs regarding control of Talhan Gurdwara. The SAD leaders and activists led by Adampur market committee chairman Gurdial Singh Kalra and MC presidenr Darshan Singh Karwal met Taksal chief Baba Harnam Singh Dhuma and former Akal Takht Jathedar Jasbir Singh Rode.Kalra said they had given all the proofs of Teenu's anti-Sikh statements and activities to Dhuma. The faction opposed to Teenu is going to the extent of comparing Teenu's candidature with that of Congress leader Sajjan Kumar about which SAD had been raising hue and cry. \"Why should a person who indulged in anti-Sikh activities be honoured with a ticket, if SAD had been objecting to Sajjan's candidature by Congress,\" Kalra said to Dhuma and later reiterated it to the media. This section of SAD leaders has also conveyed it to Dhuma that if Teenu would not be replaced they would field an independent candidate.Notably, Damdami Taksal had become a party in the Talhan dispute and it extended full support to the Jat Sikhs on the ground that only practicing Sikhs, irrespective of their caste, be adjusted in the gurdwara management and not any clean shaven persons. When the dispute was solved the negotiations were also conducted by the leader owing allegiance to Taksal.Former Akal Takht Jathedar Rode has said that they would meet Badals and would ask them to replace Teenu with Samaj Bachao Morcha leader Gian Chand as latter dared to be first voice in his community in support of Guru Granth Sahib despite threats by some elements. Baba Dhuma has been very keen on Gian Chand's candidature and latter was his foremost choice for a seat from SAD in this assembly election.Rode said if Akali Dal was not to field Gian Chand even then the candidate should have better credentials and should not have indulged in any anti-Sikh activities.However, rubbishing the allegations, Pawan Teenu said a factional issue was being given casteist colour for vested political and personal interests, which was very unfortunate. He said canards were being spread against him as he had never given any anti-Sikh speech or taken part in its activities. \"Our fight was against the Captain Amarinder Singh-led Congress government and not against any community,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11383377", "title": "BHU organises social business contest", "text": "VARANASI: Faculty of Management Science, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), is organising a two-day Social Business Plan competition (UTTHAN-2012) and a national workshop Social Business Lab at B-Schools from January 6 to January 07 as a part of initiatives of DRS Level- 1 special assistance programme (SAP) of UGC.According to Prof S K Singh, dean FMS, BHU and Prof H C Choudhary, coordinator of SAP, UGC, as many as 79 social business plans were received in Stage I from different B Schools in the country. A rigorous screening process reduced the entries to 34 in Stage II. Further screening has selected 15 teams from all parts of the country for the final presentation. Teams from Central University-Jharkhand, Xavier Institute of Management, Bhubaneswar, IIT Roorkee, Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai, Central University- Karnataka and many other business schools, including participants from Faculty of Management Studies, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi have confirmed their participation. According to them, as many as eight scholarships will be provided on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382938", "title": "\u2018Asaf Jahis were not Islamic despite being Muslims\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite modelling their court culture on that of Persia, the five Deccani Sultanates of Bijapur, Golconda, Bidar, Berar and Ahmednagar and even the Asaf Jahis were not Islamic despite being Muslims themselves as these dynasties never tried to impose Islamic law, noted anthropologist Prof Karen Leonard. Addressing scholars and academics gathered from Iran, Georgia, the US and Tajikistan at Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Manuu) for the fifth biennial convention of the Association for Study of Persianate Societies (ASPS) here on Thursday, Leonard said, \"The term Indo-Muslim, rather than Indo-Islamic emphasizes civilizational and not religious culture. Certainly, Hyderabad was not an Islamic state. The Nizams never tried to convert people.\"Describing the Indo-Muslim culture of the 19th century neighbourhoods of Shahalibanda, Hussaini Alam and Chowk Maidan Khan (now in the Old City) as an 'evidence of successful plural society' in her paper presentation, Leonard said, \"Shah Ali Banda was the site of most military establishments, including those of the leading military noble family, the Sunni Muslim Paigahs, and its Gaur Kayasth serristahdars or managers of military and household units.\" Depicting the Kayasth caste as being often characterized as half Muslim because its members became administrators for Muslim rulers, she said, \"The Kayasths were scholars and poets in Arabic, Persian and Urdu.\" Power of a dynasty goes beyond military strength and manifests itself in various forms such as ceremonies, emblems, paintings, sculpture, costumes, religious beliefs and carnivals, said coordinator of the convention Salma Ahmed Farooqui. \"By bestowing religious titles, giving gifts or grants to their subjects, the Qutub Shahis reaffirmed their superiority and autonomy as the pre-eminent persons in their kingdom.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore/ salem", "code": "11381885", "title": "No respite for patients", "text": "COIMBATORE/ SALEM: Private hospitals in the region refused to take in patients other than those who needed emergency treatment on Thursday as doctors in response to a call from Indian Medical Association (IMA) struck work to protest the gruesome murder of Dr T Sethulakshmi, a 55-year-old doctor attached to an ESI hospital in Tuticorin, on Monday. The strike by private doctors followed a similar protest by government doctors on Wednesday.In Coimbatore, nearly 600 doctors, house surgeons, paramedics and officials wore black ribbons and marched from Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital to the district collectorate. They submitted a petition to collector M Karunagaran seeking protection to doctors and stringent enforcement of law. In Salem, nearly a thousand doctors staged a march to protest the murder.Indian Medical Association state president Dr L P Thangavelu claimed that 250 hospitals and clinics in Coimbatore remained closed to send out a message to the government and to condemn the murder. The hospitals would handle only emergency cases during the 24-hour protest that began at 6am on Thursday. Outpatient departments and utilities including x-ray and scan also were not operated. Non-emergency surgeries would be postponed. Thangavelu told the media that police protection should be provided to doctors and hospitals be made protective zones.The protest affected patients across the city as many had to return home due to the absence of doctors. D Arjun, an LIC insurance agent said that he was sent back from the KG hospital as the doctors were on strike. \"I came to meet the doctor to know the progress report. But I was told at the reception that most of them were on protest,\" he said.The situation was no different in the government hospitals since most of the doctors and house surgeons participated in the protest after 12 noon. \"The OP (out-patient) ward was closed and they did not take the case at the causality ward,\" said a person who came to the hospital for a check up. \"The hospital staff told us to come the next day as the doctors were on protest,\" he said.Dr P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer of Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) said doctors at government hospitals participated in the strike only in the afternoon. \"Our doctors were in the OP till noon. That is the working hours of doctors. The patient you saw may have come after that\", he said.Doctors at private hospitals justified the protest. \"Doctors have been facing the ire of the patients regularly. A doctor usually does everything to save a patient. And at times things go out of control. After all a doctor is not god, said Dr Asha Rao of Rao's hospital in the city. \"Doctors have their limitations. Hospitals and doctors face the ire of the patients and their relatives too often. This is an issue where the people must understand the feelings of doctor,\" she said.Dr G Bakthavathsalam chairman of KG hospital said the strike was successful in sending out a message. However, he maintained that it did not affect the patients who came to the hospital. \"Usually 800 patients come everyday. Only a hundred came today. They were those who had not read the papers. Even in the emergency wards, the usual number is 40 per day, but today only 14 came. This shows that our message has reached the masses\", he claimed. He conceded that it was an extreme step to close down the hospital but argued that it had become inevitable under the circumstances. Thangavelu, who is also chairman of Ashwin Hospital, said the doctors could not function in a climate of fear.In Salem, hundreds of doctors working with government and private hospitals conducted rally on Thursday. Dr S Nalini, secretary, Government Doctors' Association (Salem) said, \"Incidents of violence against doctors have become a daily routine. Hospitals and clinics must be declared protected zones,\" she said.K. Prakasam, president of IMA (Salem) said nearly 1,000 doctors participated in the protest march. \"Private doctors stopped their work on Thursday. They were told to postpone the surgeries,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382318", "title": "'Don't use court to lobby for veg'", "text": "MUMBAI: Vegetarians can lobby against meat-eaters anywhere but not before a forum like the court, it was argued on behalf of meat exporters at the Bombay High Court on Thursday.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi was hearing a PIL filed by Viniyog Pariwar Trust against the slaughter of cattle at Deonar abattoir and the export of meat. The petition said in 1983, the BMC banned the export of meat. \"BMC has no authority to use the slaughter house for exporters,\" said Viniyog's advocate Praful Shah, adding, the abattoir had been running into losses of Rs 116 crore for a decade now. He said under the civic laws, it was clear that the Deonar abattoir was established only to cater to the \"need of the locals and not foreigners and exports\". \"Cattle are important wealth of the nation. We should not destroy it,\" said Shah, pointing that Article 51 (g) of the Constitution stated that there should be compassion for all living creatures. \"Cattle are being slaughtered unnecessarily for export.\"But BMC advocate Geeta Joglekar said considering the poor financial status, on March 20, 1985, it was decided not to implement the 1983 resolution, banning exports. She said slaughter was carried out between 11pm and 6am for local use, while the entire day, the machines lay idle. So, she said, exporters were allowed to use them. \"We only provide space and charge double from exporters,\" she added.All India Meat and Livestock Exporters Associations advocate Zubin Kamdin argued that since Deonar abattoir was set up in 1972, export had been allowed till date. \"Just because a person has a particular ideology, it cannot be imposed on others. This court is not a forum and a PIL cannot be used in this mannerto impose ideology on others,\" said Kamdin. Justice Dalvi said because a petitioner had a particular opinion, it did not prevent him from filing a PIL and the court would examine the case on merit. Kamdin said the trust's petition was a \"private interest litigation\" and itsprayer amounted to interference in the policy decision of the BMC. \"According to them, meat-eating is a western culture,\" he added. According to him, Kamdin said the 1983 resolution was taken due to the scarcity of cattle which had raised the prices. \"Now, 27 years later, the resolution has no relevance,\" he said, adding that exports from Deonar alone accounted for Rs 226 crore annually.The judges said BMC was under obligation to provide meat to the city and sought to know if there was any specific provision for restraint on exports. They have summoned the BMC official concerned to court on Friday to explain why BMC had incurred losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382948", "title": "Police to follow +92 scam trail to Rajasthan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ananandagar police will visit Rajasthan to search for accused in the advanced payment lottery scam unearthed last month. Darshan Prajapati, considered to be the main contact in Gujarat who was arrested on Wednesday, has named other accused in the case, said investigators. Officials said that more bank accounts are under scrutiny.According to investigators, the alleged mastermind of +92 scam Darshan Prajapati, 20, was arrested by Anandnagar police on Wednesday. Prajapati, said police, has cheated several people based in Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat by duping them with promises of lottery money. He amassed Rs 24 lakh in a matter of four months.M S Sindha, inspector of Anandnagar police station, told TOI that they have got a few names including Zahid Gulfam from Prajapati. \"Search has been initiated. We have got a strong lead and a team will soon go to Rajasthan to question a few persons suspected to be involved,\" he said. He added that a list of numbers used by the group has also been collected. \"We suspect that they used Pakistan SIM cards to hoodwink security agencies as the call details for such numbers would not be available easily. So far, eight numbers have been scrutinized. We suspect that the cards came from Rajasthan.\" tnnroute,\" said a senior city police official.Earlier, staff members of State Bank of India nabbed two of the scamsters - Jeetendra Rao, 20, a resident of Akshar Avenue, Anandnagar, and Ravi Rawal, 19, a native of Bhakrota near Jaipur in Rajasthan - on December 28. The duo named Prajapati who employed them in the work for the money.\"We believe that the contacts were taken from various valid databases including that of telecom companies, power firms, local survey data and so on. We believe that the database from one state was used by groups in another state. Search for faces behind the nation-wide scam is on,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381630", "title": "IM men\u2019s remand extended", "text": "NEW DELHI: The police custody of six suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorists was extended by 14 days on Thursday.A trial court extended the custody of Mohammed Qatil Siddiqui, Gohar Aziz Khumani, Mohammed Adil, Mohammed Irshad, Gayur Ahmed Jamali and Aftab Alam alias Farooq, arrested for their alleged involvement in the Jama Masjid blast case of September 2010.Delhi Police told the court that it was awaiting forensic report of cartridges and other articles recovered from the site. The blast took place minutes after a shootout by two men in which two Taiwanese tourists were injured.The seventh IM module, 19-year-old Abdur Rehman, arrested by the special cell, was earlier sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11381860", "title": "Final charge-sheet likely by month-end", "text": "JODHPUR: With the CBI tightening its grip on the Bhanwari Devi case after identification of the spot where her body was disposed of and admission of the Bishnaram gang on the disposal of her body at Jaloda village, the agency has inched closer to file its final charge-sheet by the end of January.CBI director A P Singh on Thursday congratulated the agency's team working hard for over 100 days to crack the case.The agency had filed its preliminary charge-sheet on December 2 and since then, it has progressed tremendously and almost conclusively in its investigation. According to sources, the CBI has now got the names, who had conspired Bhanwari's abduction and elimination, and those who had executed the plan and who had disposed of Bhanwari's body.So far, the CBI has arrested 12 persons, who include all of the above mentioned categories. Apparently, Mahipal Maderna, Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and Sahiram Bishnoi were those, who were at the top of the conspiracy, whereas Sohanlal Bishnoi, Shahabuddin and Balia executed this plan by picking up Bhanwari and handing her over to the third gang led by Bishnaram Bishnoi and aided by Om Prakash Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar.Besides them, arrest of Parasram Bishnoi, Amarchand, husband of Bhanwari Devi and Umeshram Bishnoi, aide of Sahiram Bishnoi are additional. With Amarchand set as prosecution witness, Parasram important role, said to be of coordination among different characters, in this conspiracy and Umesha Ram, in helping and hiding Sahiram, may soon come to light.According to a criminal lawyer, Hastimal Saraswat, though the role and sections of the IPC will only be known after the filing of charge-sheet against all of them but still, all are set to be booked under Section 120 (B) - criminal conspiracy, the maximum sentence under which is akin to that of murder i. e., Section 302, the maximum sentence under which is life imprisonment. \"If she was handed over to the Bishnaram gang dead by Sohanlal and Shahabuddin, and they only disposed her body off, they are to book under Section 201 of IPC, which is a bailable section and the maximum sentence is seven years,\" Saraswat said.But if she was handed to the Bishnaram gang alive by Sohan Lal and Shahabuddin, the gang members will be booked under Section 302 (murder) of the IPC and Sohanlal and Shahabuddin will still not be escaping sections 120 (B) and 365 (kidnapping).\"Similarly, if the role of Malkhan, Maderna, Sahi Ram, Paras Ram and Indra and others is proved in the conspiracy, all of them will be booked under Section 120 (B),\" Saraswat added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11383903", "title": "Villagers gear up to save bats", "text": "BOKARO: Hundreds of villagers of Gorigram village under Chandankyari block, 40 km from the district headquarters, have turned crusaders to save thousands of bats from the onslaught of hunters.Huge trees surrounding the village are abode of thousands of flying foxes, a species of bats, which is popularly called 'raatchora' by locals here. According to the villagers, these bats have been living in trees for several years. They found the presence of bats auspicious and its hunting has become a major cause of concern for them. Mukhiya of the Bhojudih panchayat Ajay Mahto said, \"These bats are here for centuries, even before my grandfather was born. Some people are killing them for making medicines and tabeez. They sell them in markets making people believe that it will cure their diseases. But we have pulled up our socks to stop hunting in the area.\"The huge population of bats has drawn 'tantriks' and outsiders to Gorigram. However, villagers often drive away hunters, but that doesn't stop them targeting bats secretly. Only a few days ago, the villagers held a meeting to ban bat hunting. A kid named Raju said he raises an alarm whenever he sees someone hunting, following which villagers chase the hunter away.\"These bats never harm us. They eat fruits and leaves and live in branches of big trees.\" According to Gorang Mishra, a priest of the village, the bats are being killed by 'tantriks' and 'banjaras' or nomads. They use the bones of bats in making 'tabeez', which they prescribe for children to save them from evil eye. Besides, a few of them make medicines out of its flesh and bones believing it would cure serious ailments.\"You can see banjaras selling those medicines,\" said Mishra. With the villagers are up in arms against hunters, the forest department has also come forward to support them.Forest officials have put up boards appealing people not to hunt bats.A team of the forest officials have also created awareness on superstitions related to bat killing. Bokaro district forest officer Kumar Manish Arvind said these are flying foxes - megabats. They are also called 'fruit bats' as they are frugivorous and usually survive on fruits. They prefer to roost on big trees unlike other microbats which reside in caves.\"These are big bats weighing about 500 kg. We have stepped up our vigil in the village to save them. However, villagers are also against its killing which is helping us curb the menace. Bats play an important role in bio-diversity,\" added Arvind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11383080", "title": "CBI seeks details of cheques issued by two murdered CMOs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation's probe into the link between murders of two chief medical officers and the misuse of NRHM funds got a further push with the agency seeking specific details of the case.In a letter sent to Lucknow CMO on January 4, 2012, the investigators have asked for the particulars of the cheques issued by Dr Arya and Dr Singh in favour of contractors and others between September 1, 2010 to April 2, 2011.This was the tenure of both of them. While Dr Arya was shot on October 26, 2010, Dr Singh was gunned down in a similar manner on April 2, 2011. Sources said that the agency was trying to ascertain if there were any financial reasons for their murders. \"The agency has proof of financial crime with the help of certain documents and testimonials,\" said officials aiding the investigating team.They cited the example of booking of taxis and vehicles on rent. \"In several programmes, field workers were to be provided with taxis. The vehicles were provided but only on papers. The money meant for the same was allegedly divided between the officials and the taxi service owner,\" they said. \"The expenditure on buying diesel for running generators in case of power cuts is also being seen as a potential area of misappropriation,\" sources said and added that the CBI got in touch with Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration and gathered a record of power cuts in the area over the period of one year.The duration of power cut for a particular health centre was added up to compute the tentative cost of power back up. \"The cost deduced by the investigating agency was nowhere around the expenditure shown in records (about Rs 1.5 crore). The vouchers to validate the expenditure on diesel are not available,\" health department sources said. CBI has asked the CMO office to furnish all records in this context on January 6.The investigators have also called heads of seven government hospitals and eight community health centres and 16 primary health centres to get their statements recorded in this regard between January 7 and 9. The agency has also asked for the details of the tender that was called off by Dr Arya in October 2010 due to implementation of the model code of conduct (imposed due to by-elections).The said tender was related to district blindness control society. But before the tender could be floated again by Dr Arya, he was killed. Eventually, his successor, Dr YS Sachan fulfilled the job. On June 17, 2011 - six weeks after murder of Dr Singh - Dr Sachan was accused for the said crime. However, on June 22, Dr Sachan was found dead in the toilet of the hospital inside Lucknow district jail and this changed the entire course of the case. Chief medical officers Dr Vinod Arya and Dr BP Singh were murdered in October 2010 and April 2011 respectively. The agency has also asked for the list of contracts, purchases, services contracted during the terms in which Dr Arya, Dr Sachan and Dr Singh served as CMO FW, which is from September to November 2010 and February 26 to March 31, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11385942", "title": "LG, Samsung joining Google TV alliance", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: LG Electronics Inc, Samsung Electronics Co and MediaTek Inc are joining Google Inc's internet-TV coalition and plan to begin unveiling new products during next week's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas .LG plans to showcase products at the conference, with Samsung unveiling TVs later this year, Google said today in a blog posting. Google TV, introduced in 2010, also has the support of Marvell Technology Group Ltd and Sony Corp Vizio Inc, another existing partner, will hold private demonstrations of new products at the electronics show as well.\"Google TV is about bringing new entertainment and innovation from the Web to TV,\" Mountain View, California-based Google said on its blog. \"Our team along with our partners are pleased to bring more Google TV powered products to more people, across more devices in more countries in 2012.\"Google is shoring up support for the effort following slow initial sales for Google TV products. A lack of authorized content from media companies has made it harder to attract consumers to the idea. And one early partner, the set-top-box maker Logitech International SA, backed away from the coalition after disappointing orders.New version Still, the platform has gained popularity since an updated version debuted in October, Google said. The company develops the software for the service and relies on manufacturers of TVs and other electronics to build products that work with the technology. Google is counting on the lineup to give it a foothold in consumers' living rooms and challenge products from Apple Inc and Microsoft Corp.\"Since launching the update, we've seen our activation rates more than double,\" Google said. \"New features and new apps are coming to the living room via Google TV almost every day. We now have more than 150 apps, which developers have specifically built for TV.\"Samsung had said in November that it was close to reaching an agreement to make televisions that run Google TV. LG also was expected to unveil a TV with the technology at the Consumer Electronics Show, people familiar with the matter said that month.Google shares fell 1.4 per cent to $659.01 at the close in New York . The stock gained 8.7 per cent last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11381592", "title": "Notices to TV anchor Rajiv Khandelwal's father", "text": "JAIPUR: A gram panchayat of Kalindri village in Sirohi district has served notice to the father of TV anchor Rajiv Khandelwal asking him to deposit the outstanding dues on the commercial construction being done on his land.Panchayat authorities claimed that the actor's father has not paid the money required to seek Non-objection certificate (NOC) required from the panchayat in such matters.However, no legal action has been initiated by the panchayat even after completion of the period by which the respondent was to file a reply.Sarpanch of Kalindri village, Hemlata Sharma, in a notice issued to Lieutenant (Retired) Choga Lal and Mohanlal Dalaji Rawal (who has the power of attorney for the construction) on December 24, 2011 said that they should stop the commercial construction on their land.\"Chhoga Lal had sought the NOC from the panchayat three months ago. But the panchayat had replied that to obtain the NOC three months ago, he will have to deposit charges for doing any construction for commercial purpose,\" Sharma said.She added that despite the notice from the panchayat, Chhoga Lal started the construction. Despite many warnings, materials for construction were bought and gathered at the site.\"He has begun the construction and ignored the warnings. We will be compelled to initiate legal action against the respondent if he doesn't stop the construction immediately,\" Sharma said.In the notice issued to Mohan Lal and Choga Lal, Sharma has said before starting commercial construction, they will have to deposit the commercial charges to the panchayat. \"If they fail to do so, legal action would be taken against them,\" reads the notice.Terming the construction \"illegal\", Sharma advised Khandelwal's father to stop the construction work for the time being. \"Until the NOC is given, they should not start the construction at the site,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382740", "title": "Fogging up life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dense fog in the region and protests by farmers paralyzed the northern railways on Thursday. At least two passenger trains were cancelled and nearly 10 trains from the Chandigarh railway were delayed.Superintendent of the UT railway station Parveen Kumar said, \"Zero visibility affected the train schedules. New-Delhi to Kalka Shatabdi Express reached the station at 3.30pm instead of 11.10am. Himalayan Queen and Lucknow-Chandigarh Express trains were delayed by two and more than nine hours respectively.Howrah-Kalka train arrived eight hours late.\" Situation worsened when protesting farmers in Mohali district blocked the tracks near Dappar railway station.Kumar said, \"The trains had to be diverted. Paschim Express chugged through Sirhind, and New Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi Express also followed the same route.\"Passengers waited for long at the railway station for the trains to arrive, while cabbies did a good business ferrying travelers to their destinations via roads.Businessman from Delhi Mayank Singhal said, \"I was to attend a meeting in Chandigarh but got late by more than four hours. I got a seat booked in the evening Shatabdi Express but the railway officials are not sure about the precise timings. It seems taxi travel would be an ideal choice.\"Meanwhile, department of meteorology predicted that dense fog would persist in most parts of Punjab and Haryana in the next 48 hours. \"Visibility is likely to be below 100 metres at some places\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382281", "title": "Runners not blinded by handicap", "text": "MUMBAI: Winning medals is nothing new for this 18-year-old who has recently returned from a national level paraplegic competition where he won three gold and one silver medal in swimming. This time, Sanket Bhirud, who is completely blind, is aiming to compete with thousands of Mumbaikars at the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon (SCMM), 2012.\"This is the first time I am participating in the half marathon and I am practising hard to manage this feat without much difficulty. I run on Marine Drive every day,\" said Sanket Bhirud.He will be accompanied by a runner who will direct him on the route. \"We have designated specific numbers and words for various directions. When my runner calls out 1, I will take a left, 2 means I need to take a right turn,\" he added. An FYBMS student of Mulund College of Commerce, Sanket has earlier participated in the Dream Run. section of SCMM.\"We've had visually impaired participants before also, but they would always register under the handicap segment. This time, the half marathon participant has registered under the open category,\" said Bruno Goveas, director for media relations, SCMM. Also, for the first time, six visually impaired people will participate in the SCMM as part of the Blind Persons Association (BPA). \"Our organization was conceptualized in 1947, but due to lack of funds, we could not spread awareness. We want to take every opportunity like this that comes our way,\" said Shanta Narsian, president of BPA. All participants from BPA will take part in the Dream Run.For Ashok Kamle (46), his first attempt at a run will hold special importance. \"I realized that by participating in this run, I will get a chance to raise money for my organization and in turn, help many others who are in need of help,\" said Kamle, who works ith the PWD.Narendra Salavkar (48), who runs a telephone booth, is participating in the Dream Run. His 12-year-old daughter helps him with daily exercise routine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11380582", "title": "Nigerian held for cheating", "text": "PUNE: A Nigerian national was arrested by the Pune police in the suburbs of Mumbai for cheating a Pune-based builder of Rs 37.57 lakh.The Deccan Gymkhana police laid a trap on Wednesday and arrested Martin alias Alade Sande Aoluwasegan, 44, of Nigeria, at Punamnagar in Virar. Martin had two passports -- one from Nigeria and another from Ghana. The complaint was lodged by Sunil Dattatreya Patil, 50, of Kothrud.Senior police inspector Manohar Joshi of the Deccan Gymkhana police station said the incident took place between October 2011 and December 2011. Martin had contacted Patil through e-mail and told him that he wanted to invest in his construction company. \"They met at different lodges in Pune thereafter. Once, the suspect and his accomplice from South Africa showed Patil euros worth Rs 1.5 crore. They told Patil that they wanted to convert them into the Indian currency,\" Joshi said.After subsequent meetings, the suspects asked Patil to deposit money in two bank accounts for the purpose of converting their euros into rupees. \"The complainant deposited Rs 37.57 lakh in these two accounts in the last three months. But when Patil received no further communication from Martin, he lodged a complaint,\" Joshi said.During investigations, the police found that the suspects were living in Virar. \"We laid a trap at Punamnagar in Virar on Wednesday and arrested Martin. We have seized three mobile handsets, one laptop and a colour printer from him. Martin's accomplice is missing. We are also examining the two passports seized from Martin. Both the passports have different names.\"Martin was produced in the court and remanded to police custody till January 9. The investigating team was led by senior PI Manohar Joshi and was accompanied by assistant police inspector Manohar Kulkarni, constables Mahesh Nimbalkar, Navnath Wanwe and Krishnakant Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11382207", "title": "Team Anna confused, does not know the way forward", "text": "NEW DELHI: The anti-graft movement of Anna Hazare has self-confessedly come to a point from where it doesn't know the way forward and has invited suggestions from the public.Under attack for being anti-Congress even though all parties, including BJP , appear tainted, Anna Hazare's key aide, Arvind Kejriwal , has strenuously denied in a signed article that it is against Congress or pro-BJP. \"How can we support a party which admits the likes of (tainted ex-BSP minister) Kushwaha in its folds?\" he asks.The confusion facing Team Anna is apparent. In its eyes, no political party qualifies for the anti-graft movement. Besides, the twists and turns in the parliamentary debate on the Lokpal Bill and the bumpy ride for the anti-graft law have taken a toll on Team Anna leaders. As a result, the movement today lacks a cohesive single voice - Santosh Hegde says something, while Kiran Bedi says something else.On top of all this, Hazare's failing health has virtually crippled Team Anna's plan to campaign against the Congress in the upcoming state polls. (Kejriwal, however, maintains that \"more than his physical ailment, he is suffering from a deep sense of being cheated.\") The fact that none of the contending parties are free of taint, has also raised the question for Team Anna; if it campaigns, for whom will it campaign and against whom?In the midst of all this confusion, Team Anna's most authoritative voice is possibly that of Kejriwal's. And he has admitted that they don't know \"what should we do now\". He adds: \"Some people have suggested that we should form our own political party. But we neither have the will nor the capacity to do that.\" In a tone that's distinctly demoralized, he adds in the article that the \"movement is at the crossroads today... a wrong decision could prove disastrous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382346", "title": "Permanent venue likely for Children\u2019s film fest soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: As part of its proposal to construct a permanent venue for the International Children's Film Festival, India, the Andhra Pradesh Film, TV and Theatre Development Corporation Ltd (APFTVTDC) is planning to construct a Rs 500-crore film complex on a 20-acre land at Jubilee Hills soon.The project is being planned by the corporation on a public-private partnership (PPP) mode. Once completed, the complex will serve as a permanent venue for the International Children's Film Festival, India, which is being organized every two years in the city. The event is jointly organized by Children's Film Society, India and the state government. Apart from organizing the film festival there, the state government is also looking at the possibility of getting the International Film Festival of India that is organized in Goa every year.The AP Film Development Corporation managing director B Venkatesham said that the International Leasing and Financial Services Limited (ILFS) has been given the task to give a study report on the proposed project.\"The blue print of the project, which will be one of its kinds in the country, will be ready in a couple of months. The film complex will have four or five state-of-the-art theatres, a huge auditorium, and a cultural centre that will facilitate in organizing big film events like Children's Film Festival. There will be enough space and infrastructure to organize various events associated with the festival,\" Venkatesham said. Apart from these facilities, apartment complexes are also being planned to provide accommodation to visiting participants during the festival.In the meanwhile, the three make-shift theatres that the FDC had constructed at Shilparamam for the 17th International Children's Film Festival in November last year, have been removed. The FDC was toying with the idea of retaining the three theatres so that it could organize more film events but Shilparamam authorities wanted them to be removed. The place at Rock Heights where the make-shift theatres were put up is hot property for Shilparamam as a lot of functions and events take place there and that fetches revenue for them.With Shilparamam authorities not interested in retaining these theatres, the FDC had to get them removed. The three make-shift theatres were put up at a cost of Rs 50 lakh. The cost of organizing the festival, including putting up the theatres, was shared by the FDC and CFSI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383702", "title": "Cost of opening ultrasound clinics may see 16-fold hike", "text": "MUMBAI: In another bid to save the girl child, the authorities may make it more expensive for doctors to set up ultrasound clinics. And, if approved, it could be a staggering 16-fold hike, said sources.On January 14, a Central Supervisory Board (CSB) comprising Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad will meet in Mumbai to decide whether the PCPNDT Act (Pre-conception &amp; Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, 1994) should be tweaked to increase the registration fee to set up clinics.A source in the Union health ministry said, \"The government wants to raise the application fee from Rs 3,000 to Rs 50,000 for doctors wanting to set up genetic counselling centres, genetic laboratories, genetic clinics, ultrasound or imaging clinics.\"Nursing homes and hospitals will have to shell out Rs 75,000 as against the present Rs 4,000 for an application of registration.\"Cheap Chinese ultrasound machines are easily available across the country. Worse, the state machinery is ill-equipped to monitor such widespread misuse,\" said a high-ranking official.Experts, though, are not convinced. \"Such measures will only make it more difficult or expensive for pregnant women to access scans,\" said a senior doctor who didn't want to be identified.The January 14 meeting will also consider suspension or cancellation of the registration of doctors convicted for violations under the Act. Multiple registrations of doctors at various ultrasound clinics will also be discussed.A senior health department official from Maharashtra said, \"The agenda for the meeting is decided by the CSB. If there are any issues concerning the state about the declining child sex ratio, then state public health minister Suresh Shetty will bring it to Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad's notice.\"As the election code of conduct is in place, no policy announcement can be made for the state after the meeting . \"It will be made only if a decision is taken at a national level,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11382115", "title": "DLF golf course buys 30 new carts, to get 30 more", "text": "GURGAON: Having lost all its golf carts in a fire incident last week, the management of DLF Golf Course has bought 30 new carts for the season, and will be airlifting nearly 30 more from the US by next month. Around 60 carts were gutted in the blaze which occurred last Friday at the Golf Course, reportedly due to an electrical short circuit.The management will also be creating an open enclosure for parking the electric carts, which were till now being kept in a garage within the golf course premises. \"We will have a more open space for parking instead of a closed garage for the carts. This would be safer, and would help avoid such accidents in the future,\" said Akash Ohri, director, DLF Golf Resort. Ohri said the new parking facility would come up in the next 40 days, as would the new lot of golf carts due by mid-February.According to reports, losses incurred by the management because of the fire were something to the tune of Rs 30 lakh. Electric golf carts are often used by golfers and visitors to traverse the huge expanse of the DLF Golf Course premises which measures around 142 acres. But according to the management, the games haven't in the least been affected by the loss of the carts. \"Not everyone uses a cart while playing, especially during winters. It's a luxury which only a few prefer,\" said Ohri. He said that by the time the summer season begins, all the new carts will be in place. \"We already have 30 carts operational for those who require them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382308", "title": "Cop injured at nakabandi", "text": "MUMBAI: In the second such incident in two days, a policeman was knocked down by a motorist at a nakabandi in Kandivli on Thursday. The accused fled the spot without taking the constable, Suresh Balekundri, to a doctor.Constable Suresh Balekundri was manning New Link Road near the BMC pumping station when at 4.25 am, a Honda City sped towards the barricades. \"He crashed his car into the barricades, one of which hit Balekundri. He inujured his right leg and elbows. The accused fled,\" an official said. tnnAfter the incident, all patrolling police vehicles were dispatched to look for the Honda City. The traffic control room was informed and the staff at the check-nakas were also alerted. \"Some of the cops on duty managed to note down the registration number of the Honda City partially. We have passed on the number to the RTO and will look for Honda City cars with similar numberplates,\" a senior official said. A case of rash driving has been lodged by the Charkop police against an unknown motorist.On Tuesday, a female sub-inspector with the Kasturba police station was hit by a biker while she was involved in a nakabandi on the Western Express Highway at Borivali East. The victim Nandini Patil (23), sustained grievous injuries to her head and is still critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382331", "title": "Fight at Arthur Road jail claims inmate's life", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost a month after being arrested in connection with a murder at MIDC in Andheri (E), a 22-year-old undertrial died following a fight with another prisoner at Arthur Road jail last month. The authorities have registered a case of murder against another undertrial.On December 8, 2010, Akram Khan, who was lodged in Barrack 4 at Arthur Road jail, was taken to JJ Hospital after he complained of uneasiness and breathlessness. In a couple of hours, he died. After conducting a post-mortem on Khan, the doctors declared that it was \"an unnatural death\". The report stated that a fracture in the rib and damage to his liver had led to Khan's death.During an inquiry, it transpired that another undertrial, Kashinath Jadhav, a notorious criminal arrested in a murder case, had attacked the deceased over some dispute, raining blows and punches on his chest and abdomen. \"At least four witnesses told the jail authorities that Jadhav had assaulted Khan severely. They also told the police that after assaulting Khan, Jadhav had threatened the other inmates with dire consequences if anyone squealed on him,\" said Sudhakar Ghaghre, senior inspector from the N M Joshi Marg police station. According to a source, Khan suffered from psychological problems and would often pick up fights with other prisoners. The inmates at the jail are also surprised that none of the guards was apparently aware of the fight, though it took place inside a prison, which is under 24X7 watch.After the four witnesses testified in court against Jadhav, the police filed a murder case. \"We have booked Jadhav for murder and informed the jail authorities about it so that we can arrest him,\" said Ghaghre.After the \"gang war\" between Abu Salem and Dawood aide Mustafa Dossa inside the jail, this may be the second fight that has grabbed headlines, but petty fights keep happening that go unnoticed, said a source. Rivalry among gangsters playing out in the cells of Arthur Road jail has exposed the shoddy security measures in the state's most sensitive prison, where even Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab is lodged. Several members of Chhota Rajan and Dawood's gangs, Arun Gawli, deported gangsters Santosh Shetty and Abu Salem and other terrorists are lodged at this jail.The prison has always been the warring zone for members of organized crime syndicates, with rival gangsters abusing and assaulting each other; even recruitments are made here. even as gang members switch their loyalty from one criminal to another.\"Though we try to keep a close watch, the criminals seek out the opportunity to attack each other, in a show of muscle power,\" said an assistant jailer.A source said in a bid to curb fights inside prisons, the government last year sent prisoners to gangs in Arthur road jail, Thane and Taloja jail and they have to some extend curbed the instances of infighting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11383011", "title": "Shahi to meet governor over permanent VCs", "text": "PATNA: State education minister P K Shahi on Thursday sent a letter to the governor-cum-chancellor of the state universities, Devanand Konwar, seeking time to \"extend New Year wishes\" to him. But \"some urgent academic issues\" are likely to come up for discussion during the meeting.The issues to be raised by Shahi include the temporary VCs in two universities as well as the Supreme Court order relating to the \"unilateral\" appointment of six VCs by the chancellor.Shahi told TOI on Thursday the academic calendar as well as other academic activities have been adversely affected in Veer Kuer Singh University (VKSU)-Ara and Magadh University (MU)-Bodh Gaya due to temporary arrangement of VCs. \"Fully-fledged VCs should be appointed immediately,\" a worried Shahi said.He said the Supreme Court order came over three months back. But permanent VCs have not yet been appointed. The authority to appoint VCs is vested in the chancellor who, as per the law, should make the appointments in consultation with the state government, he said and added the apex court quashed the appointment of the VCs of these universities on the ground that they were not appointed as per the legal provisions.Ironically, almost all the appointments of VCs made by Konwar in recent times were challenged in the court. The MU and VKSU VCs, Arvind Kumar and Subhash Prasad Singh, lost the case in the Patna high court and later in the Supreme Court. While they lost their job after all, the chancellor made temporary arrangement in the two universities.Now on January 2, a division bench of the apex court said its interim stay on the Patna high court order that restrained the VCs of six varsities from exercising financial and administrative powers, would in no way affect the disposal of the case by the high court. However, the final order would be made by the Supreme Court.In September last year, the Supreme Court through an interim order had stayed the Patna high court order that affected the VCs of Patna University, JP University-Chhapra, B R Ambedkar University-Muzaffarpur, B N Mandal University-Madhepura, Kameshwar Singh Sanskrit University-Darbhanga and Maulana Mazharul Haque Arabic &amp; Persian University-Patna. Shahi, a former advocate general, refused to comment on the Supreme Court order, saying he had not studied it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381743", "title": "Netas likely to head ITDC", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move likely to attract controversy, the government is looking to appoint politicians as chairpersons of India Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC) and central cottage industries emporium. The posts of managing director and chairperson are likely to be split.Sources said the name of former Gujarat chief minister Shankersinh Vaghela as chairman of ITDC is being considered, while Delhi politician Anjali Rai is tipped for the cottage industries job. The combined CMD positions have been usually held by bureaucrats so far.The move to place politicians at the head of floundering state-run enterprises has surprised officials who see it as a patronage exercise rather than a serious attempt to revive the entities by allowing professionals to run their affairs. The appointments are understood to be awaiting clearance.The cottage industries emporium has commanded a niche, but footfalls have dropped as private entrepreneurs are successfully adopting and improving the formula of traditional crafts. The emporium is in need for a fresh marketing and financial infusion.At present, the ITDC is run by 1979-batch Rajasthan cadre IAS officer Lalit Panwar. ITDC has a network of eight Ashok group of hotels, including Ashok, Samrat and Janpath in Delhi, six joint venture hotels, two restaurants (including one airport restaurant) and also have units for advertising, besides running two sound and light shows.There have been concerns in recent months over the under-performance of the Corporation that had briefly even generated profit. This had prompted massive renovation of three hotels in Delhi in time for the Commonwealth Games , 2010.But post-CWG, ITDC has not entered into any major ventures, and there has been a lull in decision making. Sources said that there was a point of view that a private sector professional be brought in to galvanize the organization that barely gets any business except from other government departments. There is also burgeoning debt aided by litigation with private companies and money owed by government departments.However, the decision to appoint a political head to the PSU is likely to draw controversy and sources say that it will hardly be an antidote to hasten decision making required in the Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382252", "title": "Janardhana Reddy made Rs 4,300 cr through illegal mining: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Obulapuram Mining Company Pvt Ltd (OMC) owned by mining baron and former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhana Reddy earned over Rs 4,310 crore by selling illegally mined iron ore by way of local sales and exports, according to the CBI chargesheet. With so much money coming his way, Gali went to the extent of buying a Bel helicopter for his exclusive use. CBI seized this helicopter and it is currently in its custody.Ironically, according to the investigative agency, Gali managed to get the mining leases in Andhra Pradesh on the pretext of using them for captive purpose for his Brahmani Steel Plant proposed to be set up at Kadapa. He did not set up the plant but got the words captive mining deleted from the GOs that granted him the mining leases. He used these leases to justify his illegal mining activities elsewhere and ended up buying a chopper, says the CBI.Though the CBI chargesheet explains at length how the authorities had crossed their brief in circumventing all the existing norms to help OMC get leases and how the company sidelined other rival applicants, it only made a small mention about political overtones in the case.At one para at the fag end of the chargesheet, the CBI did say as to how a rival mining lease applicant N Konda Reddy was silenced by powerful politicians. It was in this connection, the CBI earlier questioned Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy and left things there. The current chargesheet did not say anything about Jagan. But CBI officials are now maintaining that they will file a supplementary chargesheet but remained mum as to whether Jagan will be a witness or an accused in that.The CBI probing the allegations of illegal mining and irregularities in allotment of mining leases to OMC in Anantapur district had filed the chargesheet against OMC, Janardhana Reddy, his brother-in-law and the mining firm's MD B V Srinivas Reddy, former mining and geology director V D Rajagopal and the then assistant director of mines and geology late R Linga Reddy on December 3 last year.According to the chargesheet, the total amount earned by OMC through local sales and by export of iron ore worked out to Rs 4,310 crore during the 2007-10 period. The Reddys (arrested by CBI in September last year from Bellary) and Rajagopal (arrested in November last year) are presently under judicial remand and lodged in Chanchalguda jail here. The chargesheet further says that Reddys entered into criminal conspiracy with public servants including late Linga Reddy, VD Rajagopal, suspended IAS officer and then secretary (Industries and Commerce department) Y Srilakshmi and ensured that the mining lease for the iron ore on area of 68.5 hectare and 39.5 hectare were granted in favour of OMC.Srilakshmi had committed various omissions and commissions in the criminal conspiracy and favoured OMC while ignoring other mining bidders, the CBI alleged in the chargesheet. \"Srilakshmi by abusing her official position issued two GOs on June 18, 2007 sanctioning mining lease for iron ore in over two stretches of 68.5 hectares (of Anthara Gangamma Konda of D Hirehal mandal in Anantapur district) and 39.5 hectares (in Obulapuram village) in favour of OMC while rejecting other mining applicants,\" the CBI said.The GOs did not specify the clause 'Captive Mining' though OMC itself applied for mining lease stating its intention to set up a steel plant in Kadapa district, which in turn caused pecuniary gain to OMC and gave an impetus to Janardhana Reddy and Srinivas Reddy to indulge in illegal mining and justify it, the CBI alleged.The CBI further said that V D Rajagopal and Srilakshmi had demanded huge bribes running into crores for grant of prospective mining lease to one C Sashi Kumar, a mine bidder. The investigation were on with regard to demand of money by Srilakshmi from Sashi Kumar, and the quid pro quo in this case against her was in progress and a supplementary report will be filed, the CBI added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382715", "title": "No flight takes off, lands", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not a single flight could operate from the local airport on Thursday due to poor visibility at the runway. According to weathermen, the visibility level at the airport area was 50 metre on Thursday morning which remained less than 800 metre till 2.30pm that made extremely difficult for pilots to land aircrafts.Even the Instrument Landing System (ILS) installed at the local airport is category I type, which is not helpful for the pilots to land the aircraft in case visibility comes down to 1,200 metre.Weathermen have also predicted that dense to very dense fog would continue to engulf airport in next 24 hours and the visibility would remain less than 100 metre leading to cancellation of flights in coming days.However, Air India on Thursday declared to cancel their flights till Friday in view of meteorological conditions of the city. Other airlines operating from local airport, GoAir, Kingfisher, Jet Airways are yet to make prior announcement on status of their flights.It is for the first time in the season that not a single flight could operate from the local airport. There are 13 regular flights from Chandigarh airport to Delhi, Mumbai and Jammu and Srinagar, Leh, Jaipur and Air India, GoAir, Jet Airways and Kingfisher are major players operating from local airport. With the cancellation of flights at local airport, around 2,000 passengers suffered harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11381118", "title": "Kamat kicks off corner meetings at Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that jobs were given to youths without accepting money, chief minister Digambar Kamat began his corner meetings in his constituency of Margao late evening on Thursday.Kamat was addressing residents of Comba, now a part of the Margao constituency after the delimitation process. He added that he gave jobs to around 1,000 youth who had genuine and deserving qualifications during his tenure as CM. He has kept a record of the same.Without naming anyone, Kamat stated that jobs were given without accepting money as opposed to the style of 'other governments' and that care was taken that the poor and needy were provided for.Kamat stated that a lot of development works had been carried out in Margao and urged the people to re-elect him to allow him to serve them better. He highlighted how major government projects such as Ravindra Bhavan, the new district hospital, the new collectorate building was up or coming up in 'his' Margao.Kamat further reminded the people that the demands of the people of Comba were always taken care of whenever residents had approached him. He explained that he decided to start his corner meetings early so there was enough time to tour all the wards of his constituency.Around 100 people attended the meeting held at Comba. Among those present were Margao municipal councillor Bhindya Naik, ex-councillor John Gonsalves. Gonsalves advised people to re-elect Kamat as they would stand to benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11383997", "title": "Bid to hijack truck foiled in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: On a tip-off from police in Koderma, the Barhi cops chased and seized a truck owned by one Rakesh Kumar Singh, a transporter, while two khalasis were trying to elope with the vehicle. Both the khalasis were sleeping in the truck and suddenly started the vehicle and sped away towards Kolkata via Barhi.Police, however, recovered the stolen vehicle and arrested both of them . According to police, both the culprits were sleeping in the truck when the driver of the vehicle parked it in front of a printing press to take his meal in a dhaba and asked them not to leave the vehicle.It is alleged that when the driver came back he found the truck missing. He rushed to the owner of the vehicle and lodged a complaint with the Koderma police. Koderma OC Rajiv Ranjan rushed to the spot and alerted the Barhi police. By the time he reached Barhi, the culprits named as Hussain Shekhar of Nalhati in West Bengal and Sonu of Rajauli in Bihar were nabbed. The duo confessed that they were taking the vehicle to Kolkata for selling it. The Koderma police after making a thorough interrogation got some vital information from the arrested persons about their alleged involvement within same kind of crime in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382889", "title": "Despite odds, rabab ustad plays on", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yaseen Khan sits cross-legged cradling the rabab in his hands in a sparsely furnished room of his house near the famous Yousufain Sufi shrine in Nampally. As he strikes the strings with the plectrum, the room resonates with a very familiar tune, 'Yari hai iman mera yaar meri zindagi'. \"I was associated with composing the song from the film 'Zanjeer',\" says Khan. \"Ustad Ahmed Khan and A S Ramanjalu were my first teachers. From the Ustad I learnt Hindustani classical and from Ramanjulu saab I learnt to play the violin.\" Belonging to a family of musicians, Khan says that it was only a matter of time before he picked up an instrument. Discouraged from playing the shehnai by his father Sadiq Khan, himself a shehnai player, the third generation Indian-Pashtun was enamoured by the rabab and its rustic yet soulful reverberations struck a chord with him.Despite being associated with icons of the music industry such as Khayyam, Kishore Kumar, Laxmikant-Pyarelal and Bappi Lahri, Khan is still scouting for jobs to showcase his skill and to provide a good education for his children. There are very few who appreciate the impassioned stirrings of the rabab. Making ends meet, he says, is difficult.\"I am the only rabab player in Andhra Pradesh,\" claims Khan. \"The instrument is like an extension of my body. Just like the human body needs a soul, the music emanating from my rabab is its rooh (soul).\" Yaseen says that his family has been involved in music for several generations and that his uncles were a part of the seventh Nizam's military band and received pension from him. Further explaining his ancestry, he continues, \"My grandfather landed in Mumbai from Afghanistan with aspirations of becoming an accomplished musician. It was only later when he met Raj Kapoor that I made an early foray into the enchanting and addictive world of Bollywood music.\" A gifted multi-instrumentalist, Khan plays the violin and the piano with equal ease. He also shared the stage with ghazal maestro Ghulam Ali and with Hindustani classical music stalwart Ustad Bade Gulam Ali's grandson Raza Khan. He says that he learnt the technical nuances of music such as deciphering staff notation from Ramprasad Sharma. No stranger to the South Indian film industry, Khan has also worked with music savants Ilayaraja, Chakri and S P Balasubrahmanyam. He also played the rabab at the Jubilee Hall in Public Gardens to welcome Hamid Karzai, the president of Afghanistan.Unfortunately, the earthy but rich tunes of the rabab have now been drowned by the deluge of electronic music accompanied by loud and unnatural decibel levels. Its lilting melodies are appreciated only by a few. And as Khan proudly shows pictures of himself with Lata Mangeshkar and Ghulam Ali, the unmistakable irony is glaring. One cannot help but notice the discoloured and unadorned walls and of Khan's humble lodgings. A large chatai occupies considerable floor space and a lonely clock hangs on one of the walls, dreamily ticking in anticipation of better times. \"There is very little money in recitals,\" rues the 57-year-old rabab player. \"That's why I concentrate more on sessions music. Still, the money is very little.\" Earning a mere pittance of Rs 1,500 per session, Yaseen Khan says that making ends meet is not easy. \"I believe in giving my sons a good education for a brighter future,\" he says. However, his son Waseem Khan now shuttles between college and the recording studio where he learns the technicalities of sound engineering.As rich and beautiful as the intricate ivory mosaic along the edges of the finger board and as smooth as the contours of its body, the tones of Yaseen Khan's 300-year-old rabab, carved out of a single piece of wood, and its variants narrate tales of ancient civilisations and the transcendence of geographical boundaries. Spanning three continents with merchants and mercenaries it has traversed the Silk Route. From crossing the serpentine Great Wall of China, where it was called the erhu, to crisscrossing the highlands of Central Asia; from surmounting the snow-capped Himalayas where it gave birth to the sarod, to witnessing the turquoise tiled domes of Persia; from the once clear streams of Afghanistan, where it was christened kabuli rabab, to being played by the Bedouins of the deathly deserts of Arabia; from the ancient lands of Byzantine, where it was called the lyra, to the magnificent Parthenon of Greece, where it was named the lyre. Indeed, it has been an eventful journey for the rabab. Music, the rabab says, knows no dogmas. For, it has given a distinct flavour to both the Farsi mankhabat of the Sufi and the Punjabi kirtan of the Sikh.Largely left ignored, Yasin Khan and his rabab, collectively, are a dying breed. Invariably picking up the violin more than the rabab, the torchbearers of traditional music are few and far between in the city. Khan laments about the decaying edifice of folk and traditional music in the city. \"Music directors must help us and the audience should be more receptive,\" he pleads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382919", "title": "\u2018Harassed\u2019 nurse succumbs; action against tutor demanded", "text": "HYDERABAD: Osmania General Hospital (OGH) trainee nurse Priyanka, who attempted suicide a few days ago over alleged harassment by her tutor, succumbed on Thursday morning while undergoing treatment. Following her death, over 250 nursing students staged a demonstration in front of the hospital and demanded action against tutor Razia Salomi. Tappachabutra police said that 22-year-old Priyanka, on ventilator since January 2, was declared dead by hospital authorities at 9 am. Trainee nurses, who have been on protest for the past few days, demanded justice for Priyanka's family. They demanded compassionate employment for one of the deceased's family members besides calling for action against Salomi, accused of abetting Priyanka in committing suicide.The OGH superintendent assured the protesting nurses that a five-member doctors' committee would be formed to look into the allegations by trainee nurses of harassment by higher-ups.\"The issue got resolved after the superintendent personally assured agitators that their demands would be met,\" Afzalgunj sub-inspector YV Santha Rao said. Priyanka, who had consumed poison, had written a suicide note blaming Salomi for driving her to end her life. Salomi has been absconding ever since the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11383983", "title": "2 yrs on, criminal breach case filed", "text": "BHOPAL: The city police on Thursday registered a case of breach of trust against a person two years after the matter first was first reported. A case under Sections 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 507 (criminal intimidation by anonymous communication) of the IPC has been registered with the Shahpura police station.The CID first quizzed the complainant, Gopal Krishna, who levelled charge of the breach of trust against his business partner. The business partner allegedly duped the complainant of Rs 50 lakh. After investigating the matter, the police registered a case against the accused. The police said a team would now be sent to Andhra Pradesh to catch hold of the accused, YSV Ramanna. The complainant a resident of Gulmohar in the city had formed a firm with Ramanna in 2008. The duo managed to get a machine worth around Rs 50 lakh financed from Indore for infrastructure-related work. After some time, the accused allegedly took with him the machine to Vijayawada, promising that he would regularly send to the complainant his share of profit and pay monthly installments of the equipment.When the accused did not send his profit share or monthly installment, the matter was reported to the police. The police said the accused even started threatening the victim on phone. It was at this point that Krishna reported the matter to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11380833", "title": "2 held, 10 firearms, live cartridges seized", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Thursday arrested two members of Sharad Mohol gang and seized 10 firearms and 83 live cartridges from them.Acting on a tip-off, the anti-organised crime cell and the unit-IV of the crime branch arrested Anil Khole (25) of Vadgaon Budruk and Ajay Tukaram Kadu alias Appa (26) of Kelewadi, Kothrud.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode said that Dinesh Shinde, constable of Unit-IV of the crime branch, received a tip-off that a member of Sharad Mohol gang would be coming at Bopodi with a firearm. \"We laid a trap and nabbed Khole at Bopodi. We recovered a country-made revolver and three cartridges from him,\" Bansode said.During interrogation Khole revealed that Kadu was at Valki village in Daund Taluka. \"We sent two teams at Valki and nabbed him with the help of local villagers and police Patil of Valki,\" Bansode said.Bansode said that the police seized nine country made pistols and 80 live cartridges from the possession of Kadu. \"Kadu has a previous criminal record. He has four cases registered against him including two murders. He was arrested in the murder case of Kishore Marne,\" Bansode said.Bansode said that Kadu was also one of the main suspects in the kidnapping of the Sarpanch of Dasve village, Shankar Dhendle, in October 2011 for the ransom of Rs 47 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381711", "title": "New autos must have GPS meters: Govt to DIMTS", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has asked DIMTS to work on GPS-enabled meters for the new three-wheeler scooter rickshaws (TSRs). Meanwhile, the authorities are working on a comprehensive auto-rickshaw policy for the addition of 45,000 new autos as part of a court directive.The agency has been given a week to implement the project, sources said. Confirming the move, a senior DIMTS official said, \"The meters for the new autos will be enabled with GPS and a printer so that commuters can not only have an idea about the route taken but also a receipt for the fare.\"According to a Supreme Court directive, another 45,000 new autos can be added to Delhi's streets by the transport department, which gives out the permits. While the department has been working on formulating a new policy for these TSRs, including allowing permits to be given on a first-come-first-served basis, officials said the GPS would be mandatory for permit allocation in the new lot. The official said, \"There have been a number of issues regarding the installation of GPS in autos. However, since these are new autos, GPS will be made compulsory from the beginning, so that implementation is easier for the department.\"Sources said that since the new TSRs would be equipped with latest meters, the transport department was hoping that auto drivers would not object to buying the GPS-enabled meters. It would need to bank on the new drivers' willingness for the GPS meters as they are high-end devices and would not come cheap, the sources said. The policy for the new TSRs is expected to be ready by the end of the month, the official said. The transport department is still trying to untangle its GPS policy for the existing 55,000 TSRs.The official said, \"The authorities are mulling asking DIMTS to provide the GPS device. Either it will be a simple GPS, which is the cheapest option financially, or a GPS with meter. The latter will be expensive, so the government is still debating the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388423", "title": "Tarun Khanna's underwater action sequence", "text": "The new year may have started with a bang for many people but certainly not for actor Tarun Khanna.Currently being seen as Dadda Chaulukya in Siddharth Kumar Tewary's Shobha Somnath Ki, Khanna had a difficult time while the rest of the world was rejoicing the new year. The actor had to shoot an action sequence that too underwater and to his horror the water was freezing cold. \"There is a sequence in the show where Dadda Chaulukya will be fighting with the enemy soldiers underwater.We went ahead of Umargaun, which is almost 250 km from Mumbai, for the sequence.\" says he and adds that he had to be in the water throughout the day except lunch break. \"It was freezing cold and we awaited the sun to come out for some heat. We had to continue shooting even during the evening and the water was very cold. This is the first time I have done something like this in my career. It was really strenuous and tough.\"Tarun had to shoot the sequence with his costume, wig and mustache. And after every scene, he had to check his wig and mustache to ensure that they were in place. \"I was terrified to shoot in the pond where the locals bathe bulls and cows! On top of that, you have to concentrate on your actions too.\" Hope his hard work pays well for the show!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ambedkarnagar", "code": "11383099", "title": "UP Polls: Mayawati creates a district, stops at that", "text": "AMBEDKARNAGAR: Maya memsaab made her bastion a district, but it's not enough for those who voted her to power in 2007. Maya's men emerged victorious in assembly segments of Akbarpur, Tanda, Jalalpur, Katehri and Jahangirpur , and three of the winners Dharmraj Nishad, Ram Achal Rajbhar and Lalji Varma hold key portfolios in the current Mayawati cabinet.The CM has thrice (1998, 1999 and 2004) been elected MP from here, but Akbarpur, the birth place of socialist ideologue Ram Manohar Lohiya, is restless today. \"Most residents feel the district has never been at par with VVIP constituencies like Rae Bareli or Saifai,\" an Ayurvedic medicine shop owner Lakhan Prasad said.\"Even though she contested four elections from here, she hardly has any connect with the people of the district directly even when she was in the fray ,\" said Bechan Yadav, a villager of Tanda town.Residents are ready to give credit to Mayawati only for making Ambedkarnagar a district. \"Other than creating a district, Mayawati has been like any other politician in the district,\" said a contractor waiting to get his dues cleared at the recently constructed Mahamaya Allopathy Medical College in Tanda , courtesy medical health minister Lalji Varma , who is also MLA from Tanda. Post delimitation , Lalji Varma is contesting election from Katehri.Mulayam spokesman gets the bootSamajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Thursday removed senior leader Mohan Singh as the party's national spokesperson for going against the party line on the reports of mafia DP Yadav joining SP. Ram Gopal Yadav will now be the national spokesman of SP. While analysts viewed the development as a result of bickering within SP, insiders described it as Mulayam's strategy to project a clean image of the party. Party leadership believes SP will gain from the move , especially when BJP is struggling to defend the induction of tainted former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha into the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383805", "title": "It\u2019s not just Mumbai, all metros guilty of apathy", "text": "MUMBAI: The poor turnout of voters during civic polls in Mumbai is reflective of the overall apathy of urban India to local elections, reveals an analysis of voting patterns across major cities. In most recent local elections across metros, the voter turnout has stood dismally below the halfway mark with Kolkata being the sole exception. The trend, believe analysts, is indicative of the disconnect of local bodies from citizens. Some analysts are even advocating making voting compulsory as has been proposed in Gujarat.Mumbai's last election five years ago saw a 46% voter turnout similar to most other cities. Delhi, which is also readying for civic elections this year, saw the lowest turnout with merely 43% voters showing up in 2007. Chennai, which has been seeing falling electoral numbers, too recorded a low 48% turnout during the October 2011 civic elections. Only Kolkata bucks the trend with a voter turnout of 78% putting other cities to shame.Sanjay Kumar of the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies says this is typically indicative of voting patterns in urban areas, which see larger turnouts during state assembly and Lok Sabha elections, and the least during local civic elections-a trend that is reversed in rural areas, which see the panchayat elections getting the largest support. \"Citizens in metros hardly have any sense of who their local authority is. There is a lack of clarity about the division of roles at the civic level,\" he says.Former civic commissioner Sharad Kale said: \"At one end it is driven by the elite who discuss issues ad nauseum but don't vote as they believe that the candidates are not worthy enough. And then there are people who are forced to work round-the-clock just to survive and may not care to vote.\"So, should voting then be made mandatory for citizens? Krisha Khanna of the citizens' movement IWatch believes coercion is a good idea for an indifferent citizenry.But motivation and awareness rather than force is what others advocate. In Gujarat, too, the governor has dissented the bill stating that forcing citizens to vote \"would be against the principles of individual liberty\".Times ViewMore than half the electorate not voting in municipal polls does not speak too highly of our civic sense. The civic activism that Mumbai has shown over the past few years has been exemplary; the time has now come to back it up with action on February 16. Not participating in the election takes away a lot from our (entirely valid) criticism of the administration for a job not done well. Mumbai needs to vote to make its voice heard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11387700", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: Police find crucial evidence in Rajasthan canal", "text": "JODHPUR: Police divers today recovered a bag containing two country-made pistols and a wooden bat from the the Rajiv Gandhi Canal near here to which water supply has been stopped to enable CBI to locate the remains of nurse Bhanwari Devi.An 'operation watch' is now underway to locate the watch of the 36-year-old nurse who went missing in September last.The CBI has also picked up samples of soil from the spot near the canal for examination.\"We are draining the nearby canal to search for her watch which one of the accused claims has been dumped along with the ashes of the nurse,\" a senior CBI official said.The CBI had made a request to the Rajasthan government to stop the water to the canal following which it was stopped in the wee hours of today.CBI Director A P Singh and Additional Director Salim Ali, accompanied by forensic experts, had visited the spot yesterday where the nurse was allegedly burnt after being kidnapped.The remains of Bhanwari Devi were allegedly dumped by accused Bishnaram and Kailash Jakhar in the canal in Jaloda village.The CBI took both the accused, who allegedly played a key role in disposing off Bhanwari's body, to the spot and recreated the scene of the crime.A CSFL team is accompanying the CBI and collecting evidence. They will ascertain whether the articles recovered today have any connection with the case, police sources said.Bishna Ram Bishnoi, one of the main accused, was arrested by police in Pune and brought here yesterday on a transit remand whereas Kailash Jakhar was nabbed from Jodhpur-Ajmer road.In another development, a local court in Jodhpur extended the judicial custody of accused Mahipal Maderna and Parasram till January 20.They were produced before the local CBI court where magistrate Jagdish Jyani extended their judicial custody.Meanwhile, the CBI director has written to the Rajasthan Director General of Police thanking him for the cooperation extended by the police to the agency in solving the case.The director has also complimented his team for solving the blind case which posed a challenge to the agency in the absence of leads and destruction of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11382018", "title": "\u2018No immediate transfer of HUDA areas to MCG\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) administrator, Praveen Kumar, doesn't see any possibility of handing over HUDA sectors to the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) in the next six months.Last year in March, HUDA and MCG had drawn a road map for shifting several sectors to the corporation. In a series of meetings held between the two civic agencies, various issues related to handing over of the HUDA sectors to the MCG were discussed.The HUDA administrator said: \"I don't see any possibility of handing over HUDA sectors to the MCG because there is still a lot of work to be done and it would be better for the overall development of the city.\" He was quick to point out the example of Faridabad where after the formation of the corporation certain sectors were handed over. \"The handing over of HUDA sectors in Faridabad has not been successful in ensuring better facilities. I am sure it is not the right time for shifting of HUDA sectors to the MCG because there is so much work yet to be done,\" said Kumar. Originally HUDA had decided to hand over four sectors where all the development work is complete.These are Sectors 14, 15, 21 and 22 and during meetings HUDA had given detailed layout plans to the MCG about different projects. Another senior HUDA official claimed that handing over of the HUDA sectors was to be done in a phased manner. \"There are several issues, such as revenue sharing and services, which need to be sorted out before handing over the sectors,\" said the HUDA official. The delay in handing over the HUDA sectors to the MCG is all set to raise the hackles of RWAs, councillors and MCG officials. Immediately before the handing over of these sectors, the MCG would need more employees in departments like water, sewerage and horticulture. In the past, the local corporation takeover of the HUDA sectors had been fraught with problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11382157", "title": "Make fast buck by trapping monkeys", "text": "SHIMLA: Barred by the courts to permit a monkey cull by declaring it a vermin, the government innovative scheme at offering Rs 500 for each monkey caught for sterilization to contain their population, has thrown up new employment opportunities, with some even daring to bring in simians from other states for the money on offer.Lured by the scheme, more and more unemployed people in villages have lately taken to monkey trapping and presenting them at the sterilization centers opened for them.Sunil Tomar, a resident of Sirmaur district says: \"To make a fast buck, some people are even procuring monkeys from neighbouring states and sharing the spoils.\"What's worse after the sterilization procedure on the animal, they are being let off in places where monkeys earlier were seldom seen.A senior wildlife official on conditions of anonymity disclosed that unscientific monkey catching was multiplying the problem.\"Trapping the alpha male does lead to a leadership fight within a monkey troupe that sometimes divides the group. One needs to trap 70% of the troupe at one go to prevent this,\" he said.He added that incidents of monkeys of different troupes transported together to the sterilization units resulting in fierce fights have come to light.\"Some monkeys brought to the centers are dead, with their skulls knocked off by the rivals in the cage,\" he said.However, S Moudghil, a wildlife warden involved with the monkey sterilization programme denied that any incident of import of monkeys from other states was reported or the unscientific trapping was complicating the man-animal conflict.He said, all monkey trappings have to be reported before the concerned panchayats and forest officers.\"Moreover, inter-state movement of animals is not allowed by the border police,\" he said.\"The payment for the trappings is also made by the concerned forest division and only after verification that the trapped monkey after sterilization has been set free in the region he was picked up from,\" said Moudghil.The state is been grappling with a huge monkey problem. The state government move to allow farmers to kill monkeys was shot down by the court in response to animal rights activists' opposition to it.Left with no choice but to go for sterilization of the animal, the government recently announced expanding the sterilization plan by opening 23 new centers from the existing five and even offered Rs 500 as incentive to those who took to monkey trapping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11381772", "title": "NCP invites applications from 40 constituencies", "text": "PANAJI: Claiming that their party workers are dejected by the approach of chief minister Digambar Kamat and Goa Pradesh Congress Committee ( GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar on the alliance issue, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leaders on Thursday decided to invite applications from aspiring candidates in all 40 constituencies for the assembly polls.Earlier, NCP invited applications for limited seats keeping the alliance issue in mind. NCP has so far received 30 applications in 14 constituencies. The party had demanded for 12 seats during the first round of the coordination committee meetings.NCP on Thursday held an executive committee meeting in Panaji to discuss election issues.Speaking to mediapersons, NCP spokesperson Avinash Bhonsle said, \"The chief minister and Shirodkar are making irresponsible statements on the alliance issue. That is why, we have decided to invite applications in all 40 constituencies and the last day to submit the applications is January 12.\"NCP state unit president Surendra Sirsat said that senior vice president Pandurang Raut has been appointed to coordinate with the applicants.\"We have started this exercise because there is no positive signal from the Congress party on the proposed alliance and in case, the talks fail, then we have to be ready to contest all 40 constituencies,\" Sirsat said.He also said that the state NCP unit is firm on its demand for 12 seats in the assembly election and the sentiments expressed by the party workers have been conveyed to the high command.NCP has also appointed Nationalist Youth Congress president Tanvir Khatib as the chairman of its election campaign committee.The party has also appointed Sadanand Singbal as chairman of its manifesto committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11384186", "title": "Kite prices high, but demand soars", "text": "VADODARA: While most eyes presently may be set on the stock and bullion markets, some are keenly following the kite market in the city. Inflation has hit this market too, but it is expected that it will be business as usual here this year too with few complaining about the high prices.With Uttarayan around the corner, it is time for kite traders to set up shops across the city right from the traditional kite market in the walled city to the newly developed areas in the western parts of the city. The traders say that this time around kite prices have gone up by 20 to 30 per cent.\"The rates have gone up as the material as well as labour cost to make kites has gone up. The cost of both paper and bamboo sticks used to make kites has increased,\" said Bhargav Jani, who has a kite store in the Racecourse are of the city.Kite sellers in the walled city too have similar observations this year. \"We make our kites ourselves. Even for us the prices of making these have gone up by around 20 per cent. The kites are made around the year, but it is only this season that they are sold in the market,\" said a kit manufacturer Abu Golawala.Sellers in the city say that so far there are no noticeable changes in the demand of the kites. The high prices have not made people stay away from buying kites or strings that have also become costly.The kite sellers have come up with innovative schemes and products to sell their goods. For instance Jani offers to buy back strings if they do not satisfy the buyer. But it is due to this replacement guarantee that he sells the strings at a premium. He said that the largest demand, like many years, has been that of Khambhati kites. \"These are made in Khambhat using bamboo sticks that are treated with a chemical and are then heated,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jodhpur/jaipur", "code": "11381831", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: Bishnaram in CBI custody till Jan 16", "text": "JODHPUR/JAIPUR: The two accused, Bishnaram Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar, arrested in connection with the case of missing nurse Bhanwari Devi on Wednesday, were remanded in CBI custody till January 16.Bishnaram, who was arrested by Pune police on Wednesday, was brought to Jodhpur and produced in the court of additional chief judicial magistrate along with Kailash Jhakar amid a tight security.\"Both are very important persons for us in order to get to the roots of one end of the case, which is the elimination of Bhanwari Devi,\" a CBI source said, highlighting that they will be grilled and verify their statements by confronting them. Both of them have been kept at the local CBI office.The gang led by Bishanram allegedly disposed of Bhanwari's body and one member of this gang, Omprakash Bishnoi, is already under the CBI custody. The interrogation of Omprakash has led CBI to the spot where Bhanwari's body was allegedly burnt. Omprakash will be produced before the CBI court after his custody is expiring on January 9. He will be produced before the CBI court after his custody ends on January 9. CBI may pray for extension of his custody.Considering the criminal antecedents of Omprakash, Bishanram and Jakhar, the CBI has sought the permission of the court to put handcuffs on them during their movement. Besides, the agency has moved an application in the court to seek an arrest warrant of Ashok Bishnoi, another member of Bishnaram's five-member gang. Three members of the gang have already been arrested, a development, which has led the CBI to the much-awaited breakthrough.The CBI had on Wednesday arrested Kailash Jakhar from Jodhpur and Bishnaram in Pune, for the alleged murder of Bhanwari Devi. While Jakhar owned the SUV used to dispose of Bhanwari's body, Bishnaram had allegedly taken Bhanwari's body from the two main accused in the case, Sohan Lal Bishnoi and Shahabuddin, for the disposal.Bishnaram, sources said, was hiding in Pune but in was constant touch with Jakhar. \"On the basis of Jakhar's phone record, Bishnaram was traced to Pune. He was brought to Jodhpur,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382422", "title": "Rockstar, Filmstar... Rich? New-age twist to role models", "text": "MUMBAI: Who do you want to be when you grow up? Kids take the poser, playfully placed before them by most adults, quite seriously. Little wonder then, that they keep updating their role models as they grow older.Earlier, the only people children looked up to were those with whom they interacted with or studied about. It was a time when 'superstar' meant initially Rajesh Khanna , and then Amitabh Bachchan . The usual suspects at one time used to be Bachchan, Kapil Dev or even Indira Gandhi , though a child's first role model would normally be its parents. But that was more than a generation ago.Personalities children now look up to could be actors, rockstars, or other celebrities, though sporstars seem to have survived the onslaught of new media.Dr Avinash Desousa, a child psychiatrist says, \"A child's first role model is usually its parents, but as they grow up they are exposed to other personalities who might interest them.\"\"I want to be Kareena Kapoor ,\" grins five-year-old Karishma Agarwal. Her proud mother adds, \"She is very good at dancing and can act at the drop of a hat.\" Musicians score well with the young brigade too. Michel Vaz (13) wants to be a professional guitarist. \"My role model is Slash , no one plays better than him,\" he says, pointing to his backpack adorned with badges of various rock bands.However, many children believe that money and power are essential for happiness, though most of them draw a blank when asked how they plan to make it big. \"My role model is Bill Gates ,\" says Jeremy Barua (8). Asked why, he casually replies, \"Duh because he's rich.\" It's another matter that young Jeremy does not have the slightest inclination to turn to the computer except to play a game. Vishnu Bhatia (10) too has his sights set on the big league but is equally vague when he says, \"I really don't know but I want to be someone rich and famous, like Richard Branson or Vijay Mallya .\"\"In the past 20 years I've been teaching I noticed that each new batch of students outsmarts their predecessors. Secondly, education now forces children to explore beyond textbooks so it's natural that they adopt role models from various fields,\" says Sandra D'Costa a first-grade teacher at Podar International, Santa Cruz .Dr Mari Fernandes, principal of St Andrews College Bandra, says today's children are easily impressed by media superstars. \"It worries me that often these personalities are not the best role models for today's youth,\" she adds. However not all see the change in trend as much of a bother. Poonam Arora, principal of Bombay Cambridge says, \"If a film star or musician has worked hard and become successful there is no harm in children looking up to them as role models.\"The onus however, does lie on parents. Children will always be influenced by external elements and it's up to parents to monitor their behaviour. Dr Desousa says, \"Parenting is a full-time job. Parents have to look out for their children and not feel that they are trespassing over their child's privacy. They should talk to their kids as much as possible and guide them along the right path.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383200", "title": "Errant tour operator arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: The manager of a travel agency which took a group of tourists from Kolkata to Rajasthan was taken into custody by Kolkata Police on Thursday after he was brought to the city on a transit remand granted by the local court in Mount Abu.Earlier, agency manager Ankan Banerjee alias Prince was handed over to the local police station in Mount Abu by the hotel where the tourists had put up. The hotel had complained that the tour agency had failed to pay Rs 80,000 that it owed to the hotel.This impasse had left the tourists stranded in Mount Abu since all their return tickets were with the manager. Finally, the state's resident commissioner in Delhi and tourism secretary Raghavendra Singh came to their rescue. Their return trip was organized by the state.The state government decided to take stern action against such fly-by-night tour operators who place their tourists in trouble. do not bother about placing tourists in trouble.The detective department of Kolkata Police was asked to initiate a case.The agency owner Moumita Mitra is absconding, said Murlidhar, deputy commissioner, detective department (special).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11382328", "title": "Sway with Najma and stay fit too", "text": "BANGALORE: The audience marvels when she flexes her abdominal muscles, but Paola Stella Sguerrini aka Najma Ansari, a belly dancer from Italy, the Egyptian dance is all about fitness. Originally called Raks Sharki, belly dancing has moved from club entertainment to physical fitness and pregnancy care.Najma, who learnt ballet dancing from the age of six, found that it took a heavy toll on the ankles and shoulders. She took up belly dancing and used it to develop a fitness programme. She's currently holding workshops about this dance form in the city.She considers the birth of her daughter three years ago the most magical moment of her life and dancing career. \"I was dancing through my labour and delivered Asia with the help of two obstetricians. While one held me, the other positioned himself to hold my baby,\" Najma said.This student of Bharatanatyam and Kuchipudi told TOI: \"Belly dancing makes almost every muscle breathe -- you breathe with every step and this makes you very healthy, strong and energetic. It oxygenates the muscles and refreshes you.\"She added: \"Belly dancing makes abdominal muscles strong and elastic. It maintains body balance and tightens the lower pelvis. If you practise regularly during pregnancy, you won't get back pain. It ensures the correct position of the foetus and helps in normal delivery.\"For nursing mothers, belly dancing is a boon. \"When you sway your upper body, it improves breast fitness and helps better circulation and flow of milk,\" she said.Najma ('star' in Arabic) got her name from her Egyptian guru Zaza Hassan, who she met in Rome in the late 1980s. Also because her middle name Stella, which means 'star'. She started performing in 1992 and has about 400 students in Italy.\"I direct, choreograph and perform four or five operas every year. In every production, we perform the pizzica (a southern Italian dance) along with a belly dance,\" she said.Najma wants to dance well into her old age. \"One of my gurus Mahmood Reda is in his 90s and still dances. I want to do that too,\" she said.Belly dancing* Secret art learnt by women devoted to Isis, the ancient Egyptian goddess of fertility* These women were taught this to maintain a good sexual life, for healthy pregnancy and delivering a child without complications* Secrets passed from mothers to daughters till 18{+t}{+h} century when the French begun ruling Egypt* The French popularized it as a mode of entertainment* Now a major tourist attraction in Arabic countries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386073", "title": "Ray story for next Sandip venture", "text": "The success of \"Royal Bengal Rahasya\" might have left a glow on his face, but director Sandip Ray is not one to be sitting on his laurels. \"RBR\" is still running to packed houses but Sandip has already started planning his next film.\"No, it is not a Feluda,\" he says when we ask him about the new venture. All he is ready to divulge at present is that the film will be a compilation of short stories woven into a movie. \"It's too early to even talk about this project. The film will go on the floors in March-April. I am reading a number of stories and haven't zeroed in on a single one till now. Of the three or four I'm thinking about, one is by Baba ( Satyajit Ray ). Don't ask me which one, because I haven't decided as yet. But it will be one from his Ek Dojon Goppo. That apart, I am reading a lot of English short stories, stories by Sunil Ganguly, Sirshendu Mukherjee and works by other authors,\" said Sandip. What about the cast? \"I haven't thought about that yet as I have to decide on the stories first.\"But Feluda fans need not be worried - there's a new Feluda film in the pipeline as well. \"With \"RBR\" doing so well, how can I disappoint Feluda fans by not directing another one? That will happen too,\" said the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11383103", "title": "Nepali girl rescued in Alappuzha", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: An eleven-year-old Nepali girl was rescued by the district Child Welfare Committee (CWC)and the Mararikkulam police from an illegal daycare centre owned by a woman named Shobhana.Mararikkulam police station circle inspector-in-charge P K Sivankutty said on Thursday that it was some local people who informed the police that a minor girl was being been forced to work in the daycare centre functioning at Mayithara near Cherthala.\"When we inspected the daycare centre on December 27, its owner Shobhana claimed that she did not make the girl work. She had brought the girl, who belonged to a Nepali family settled in Andhra Pradesh, with the consent of her parents. She also said she would soon admit the girl to a nearby school,'' he said.\"However, we understood that it was an illegal daycare centre. Shobhana made the girl work in her house and the centre. Following this, we rescued the girl and handed her over to the CWC authorities. We also arrested Shobhana on charges of child labour and later released her on bail. We also closed down her daycare centre,\" the CI said.\"Now the girl is in our protection and she is staying at Alappuzha Mahila Mandiram. We contacted the girl's father Sher Singh, who arrived here on Thursday. A meeting of the committee will be held on January 7 and it will take a final decision on the future of the girl,\" CWC member M K Abdul Samad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383884", "title": "Police PR drive in Gadchiroli helps 197 villages", "text": "NAGPUR: The four-day 'Jan Jagaran melawa' or mass awareness meet at Etapalli, concluded on Thursday, helped the tribal population of 197 villages in the Naxal-hit Gadchiroli district benefit from government schemes.More than 25,000 people were covered under this multi-department congregation, organized with the help of district police, where crucial documents were distributed to the villagers.The state government's 'Suvarna Jayanti Rajasya Abhiyaan' drive was initiated in the 'melawa'. Apart from district police, government departments like revenue, panchayat samiti, agriculture, tribal development, health, forest, postal etc participated in the drive.Tribals from remotest part of the district came to get vital documents like certificates for domicile, caste, births and deaths, income and records related to property, possessions and assets.The special drive was undertaken to ensure the hurdles in procuring these documents that tribals normally face were removed and people are able to benefit from various schemes.The meet also included programme to distribute of loans and energise irrigation pumps.Sub-divisional police officer, Etapalli division, Vivek V Masal said that the tribal population could not get the benefits of many government schemes due to lack of necessary documents which they need to submit to begin the process.\"The villagers travel from remote parts to tehsil place to meet the officials concerned. There is no guarantee that the officials would be in place as they have to also cater to field duties. This is physically taxing, mentally tiring and also economically draining for the people. This was the main aim to conduct this drive,\" said Masal.He added that the success was so overwhelming that the prefixed three-day plan had to be extended after the visit of the Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna and superintendent of police S Vireesh Prabhu.Masal said that surveys were held in the remote villages to chalk out the plan based on needs of the villagers and then their documents were prepared. \"There were a number of meetings with the deputy collector, tehsildar, block development officers, gramsevaks to finalize the plan. We generated a positive attitude for every level of government,\" he said.SDPO Masal also said that junior college students were roped in as volunteers to assist people in filling up forms and take villagers to the kiosks of departments concerned. \"We even motivated social workers and political activists to work with us and generate interest among the villagers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11383458", "title": "Pol parties go hi-tech to lure youth", "text": "KANPUR: With a majority of the city's young population finding place in the electoral rolls for the first time, various party candidates in the city have opted for modern means, including social networking sites, caller tunes, ring tones, internet messaging and SMSes, in a bid to woo them for the elections of the UP assembly.From uploading songs, poems, caller tunes and videos of the candidates on social networking websites and YouTube to giving regular updates about the activities of the candidates, the voters will be lured through the hitech world.The traditional methods of campaigning like public meeting, door-to-door campaigning where the voters would be apprised of party manifesto will be supplemented with modern form of campaigning. \"Our target in this assembly elections is obviously the younger lot who is net-savvy,\" remarked Omendra Bharat, an ex IIT-ian contesting from Kidwai Nagar assembly segment on JANPA, Jan Rajya Party ticket.\"There are 15,000 to 17,000 fresh voters in the age group of 18-22 in Kidwai Nagar assembly alone who will get a chance to cast their votes for the first time. Over all, there are around 89,3828 young voters out of the total 30,79000 voters in 10 assembly segments in the district,\" Bharat said. \"So keeping them in mind, we have prepared pages on social networking sites including Facebook and Twitter, besides catchy caller tunes and ring tones prepared by party's creative team members will be a big hit this elections,\" he added. JANPA, is a party floated by a group of ex-IITians.Pointedly, the Election Commission through its rigorous campaigns has been able to add an additional one crore new voters, out of them 60 lakh have just turned 18. \"The profiles of the candidates will be regularly updated,\" informed senior BJP leader Surendra Maithani while talking to TOI. Activities of the candidates throughout the day and what is proposed will be available online. \"As social networking sites are most popular among youth, our hi-tech team is toiling day and night to campaign and promote our party and its agenda for the youth through e-technology,\" said Maithani. \"E-technology will make election campaign easier as compared to traditional means of campaigning. With a single click of the mouse, we can now mobilised hundreds of people on Facebook, Twitter etc,\" he added.Meanwhile, Samajwadi Party candidate Irfan Solanki, who is contesting from Sisamau assembly segment, has also created an account on social networking site Facebook. \"I have created my Facebook profile. Through this, more people particularly youngsters, whom we cannot tab due to their busy schedules, will be able to get updates through FB,\" he said.While net savvy candidates find it convenient to manage hi-tech world, many have hired professionals to interact with voters. Lalla Maan Singh of the Congress, who is contesting from Sikandara assembly in Kanpur Dehat, also decided to join the e-bandwagon to garner support in his favour. \"I have been managing my social networking sites with the help of computer professionals. I feel that internet has become a potential and creative tool in these assembly elections,\" said Singh.District Magistrate/District election officer Hari Om, however, said: \"There is no problem with social networking sites as long as the content on them is not malicious or violates the model code of conduct.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382775", "title": "Fog forces CM's chopper to skip Purnia town", "text": "PATNA: The chopper carrying chief minister Nitish Kumar to Purnia for his 'Seva Yatra', had to be diverted to Bardella village, 60km away from Purnia town, due to inclement weather on Thursday.The CM was scheduled to land at the Ranbhoomi Maidan at 11.40am. \"Even the take-off from Patna was delayed due to reports of foggy weather conditions in Purnia. Instead of 10.30am, the chopper took off at 1.10pm,\" airport sources said.The CM's no-show at the Ranbhoomi Maidan led to spread of rumours in Patna and Purnia that the chopper had developed snags. Some TV channels even reported emergency landing by the chopper.Purnia DM N Shravan Kumar, however, rubbished the rumours. \"The CM could not land at the Ranbhoomi Maidan due to inclement weather conditions. We were duly informed about the changed schedule,\" the DM told TOI over phone.Met officials in Patna said the horizontal visibility in Purnia on Thursday afternoon was 700 metres. And depending on the make, aviation sources said, a chopper needs 1,000 to 1,500 metres of visibility to land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "madurai/trichy", "code": "11383017", "title": "Madurai, Trichy add 2 lakh voters", "text": "MADURAI/TRICHY: When the state goes to poll the next time, there would be 1.3 lakh more voters from Madurai district, while Trichy will have an additional 1.2 lakh voters.In fact, in Madurai, the number of new voters might increase as the district administration hopes that some of the left out youth, eligible to vote, might get enrolled within the next few days.According to the special summary revised electoral roll - 2012 released on Thursday by collector U Sagayam, Madurai district has seen the addition of 1,34,216 voters from the draft roll published on October 24, 2011.The total number of voters has now increased from 20. 56 lakh to 21.9 lakh in the 10 assembly constituencies. Interestingly, women voters outnumber men by a thin margin.\"Of the total voters 10,94,567 are men, while 10,95,839 are women. There were 10 voters under 'others' category,\" said Sagayam. The increase in the number of voters has come despite over 11,000 deletions from the draft electoral roll.The district administration had received a total number 1.69 lakh Form 6 applications requesting for inclusion in the voters list. The officials, after thorough scrutiny accepted 1.45 lakh applications for inclusion, while more than 24,000 were rejected.In Trichy, district collector Jayashree Muralidharan released the electoral roll for 2012, with the number rising to 19,10,644 from the existing 17,88,061 voters for all nine assembly constituencies.As of now, 19,10,644 voters are existing in the list including 9,51,927 male, 9,58,647 female and 70 'others'. Of the nine constituencies, Srirangam assembly constituency topped the list with 2,37,144 voters including 1,18,282 male, 1,18,852 female and 10 'others'.Meanwhile, election commission has decided to organise special camps from January 5 to 15 to include more number of voters into the lists and it will be held in venues across the districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11383351", "title": "Two fall to death from moving train over rumour of fire", "text": "VARANASI: A rumour of fire in Pune-bound Pune-Patna Express led to chaos in general bogie after which several passengers jumped from the moving train near Ojla bridge in Mirzapur district around midnight on Wednesday. Two passenger were killed while five others suffered serious injuries in the incident.According to ASP City Mirzapur Pradeep Gupta, around midnight, the Pune Patna Express was heading towards Allahabad. When the train reached near Doodhnath Phatak, thick fumes entered a general bogie of this train while some passenger also noticed a sparkling. After that a rumour that the train had caught fire spread in the jam-packed bogies. It led to utter chaos inside.To save their lives, many passengers jumped from moving train without noticing that it was running over a bridge. On seeing it the villagers reported the matter to police. Gupta said the police from Vindhyachal and City Kotwali rushed all the injured persons to district hospital. During the course of treatment, two seriously injured passenger, identified as Atawar Rehman (42) of Devghar (Jharkhand) and Vidhan Giri (21), who had fallen into a deep ditch under the bridge, succumbed to injuries. Other injured passengers were struggling for life.Meanwhile, the body of Ritesh (16), a native of Machhaha village who was missing since Tuesday, was found lying on the railway tracks on the eastern side of Jigna railway station in Mirzapur district on Thursday morning. Another body of an unidentified youth, aged around 32, was also found lying on the western end of Jigna railway station. It was suspected that they were killed after coming under the wheels of different trains. Police sent their bodies for postmortem. In another incident near Kapuri village under Fefna police station in Ballia district, Balkhira Chawdhary (65) was killed when he came under the wheels of a train while crossing the tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388831", "title": "Jeremy Irvine's War Horse wonder", "text": "Jeremy Irvine wasn't told he was auditioning for 'War Horse' for two months.The 21-year-old British actor admits he had an idea what the mystery project was as he was trying out but wasn't officially told it was Steven Spielberg's wartime drama.He said: \"It was a long process, doing lots of cold readings. I had kind of guessed this was 'War Horse' for Steven Spielberg, but we hadn't really talked about it.\"Jeremy admitted learning he had landed the lead role was \"mindblowing\" because he had admired the director's work for so long.He recalled to website This Is Fake DIY: \"I get a phone call at 9 o'clock at night, saying 'Can you come and meet Steven Spielberg for tea tomorrow morning?' It's just ridiculous! I grew up watching 'E.T.' and 'Jurassic Park', as most people did, and to suddenly be meeting the man himself, one of the best directors ever, is just mindblowing. When I was in the chorus with the Royal Shakespeare Company, I thought 'This is it, it doesn't get any better!'\"Jeremy was pleased the filmmaker put him at ease on the set of the film because he was terrified of getting fired for not being good enough.He said: \"You constantly expect someone to tap you on the shoulder and say, 'We've worked you out - you're not actually a very good actor.' Every scene I was terrified.\"You get on set, and Steven's greatest asset is that it feels so normal and relaxed. He's so lovely and approachable. I mean, on the back of his chair, instead of 'director' he's got 'Dad' written on it!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11382107", "title": "13 states to get grants based on performance", "text": "AGARTALA: The Centre will provide Rs 8,000 crore to 13 states, including the three northeastern states of Assam, Tripura and Mizoram, as performance-based grants for urban development schemes and other projects, officials said here Thursday.The Centre would allocate the funds to the states as per the recommendations of the 13th Finance Commission.The 13 states to get the performance-based grants for the first time are Andhra Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat , Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Assam, Tripura and Mizoram.A senior Tripura government official said that the Centre had earlier stipulated nine separate guidelines to implement the urban development projects and related schemes. \"The states were selected after evaluating the success of the urban development schemes and projects as per central guidelines,\" the official said.The central guidelines include appropriate use of central funds, timely submission of utilisation reports, empowerment of people through the schemes, constitution of autonomous boards, urban waste management and introduction of metering system in water supply to urban households.The commission, headed by renowned economist Vijay L. Kelkar, was constituted for a period of five years in 2010 to 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381694", "title": "CBI on verge of solving Bhanwari case", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of Bishna Ram Bishnoi, one of the key accused in the Bhanwari Devi's murder, on Wednesday, the CBI has found hard material evidence to crack the case.Agency sources claim that after checking for several hours in Jaloda village and Rajiv Gandhi Link canal area, they have recovered the \"gunny bag\" in which Bhanwari's remains were packed and was thrown into the water body. Another important recovery is that of a \"sharp edged weapon made of iron\" that was found inside the gunny bag and could prove to be a useful DNA evidence.Also, source added that they have found some 'fossils'. Investigators have also taken the samples of the soil where Bhanwari was burnt.The agency has sent all the samples and seized articles for forensic examination.The CBI is on the verge of solving the case as the arrested persons - Om Prakash Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar - have confessed that \"they had thrown Bhanwari's remains in the canal after burning her body\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11380701", "title": "Bike dashes bus near Sarasbaug; 1 dead", "text": "PUNE: A motorcycle rider died on the spot, after he lost control on his vehicle and dashed against a luxury bus near Sarasbaug on Wednesday around 7.30 pm.The Swargate police have identified the deceased as Ganesh Shirish Raut (24) of Uttamnagar, Kondhwe Dhavade. The police have detained the bus driver, Babasaheb Waybhase, for negligent driving. Raut was heading towards Dandekar bridge and hit the bus to avoid hitting a pedestrian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11384130", "title": "Teacher molests student, held", "text": "PANAJI: Well-known artist and art teacher from a city school Kanhaiya Naik, 45, was on Thursday arrested by Panaji police for allegedly molesting a 17-year-old girl.According to police on December 29, 2011, Naik picked up the girl, a student, from her residence stating he would give her career guidance and took her to his flat at Ribandar. Police sources said Naik clicked photographs of the girl and also molested her. The incident came to light on December 31, 2011, when the girl's mother saw some marks on her neck. Sources said when her mother questioned the girl, she revealed that Naik had molested her.Sources said that on Wednesday, the girl's parents and relatives went to the police station to file a complaint, but backtracked. Based on a complaint filed by the NGO, Children Right's of Goa, police on Thursday registered the case. \"The case is registered under Sections 341 (wrongful confinement), 354 (outraging modesty) of the IPC and Section 8(2) of Goa Children's Act (sexual assault),\" police sources said.Naik, originally from Marcel and teaching at Progress High School, has been admitted to a private hospital in Panaji after he complained of uneasiness. The girl was also sent for a medical examination at Goa Medical College and Hospital, Bambolim. Naik's counsel Swapnil Nasnodkar said they would apply for bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11387328", "title": "A perfect start for Mollywood", "text": "Contrary to the last two years, this January Mollywood has on offer the most versatile choice of films that's promised to keep the audience coming to the theatres week after week.Spanish Masala, Casanova and Second Show are some of the films scheduled to be released, marking a perfect start for a promising year.Here's a look at the movies that will hit the theatres this January:Orkut Oru Oormakoottu (O3): What better way than to start off with a movie launching an young team with a central theme being social networking. O3 marks the debut of Sibi Malayil's son Joe, Lalu Alex's son Ben, Harishree Asokan's son Arjun, Vinu Mohan's brother Anu and Vishnu Raghav, who befriends Rima Kallingal. It's to be seen if this film sticks around for more than a week with heavyweights waiting for release.Asuravithu: It could be the so-called Youth Icon Asif Ali's maiden break as a lead actor. Playing a seminary student-turned-don, this film could cash in on the Malayali crowd who turned Don 2 and Mankaathey into superhits in the state. Samvrutha Sunil and Biju Menon also star in this action thriller by AK Sajan that will be released this week.Kunjaliyan: Beautiful was last month's biggest hit and one of the better movies of last year. Could Jayasuriya make it two in a row with Saji Surendran's family entertainer? The plot of the movie about how relatives treat a person when he is rich might be hackneyed but with the ensemble cast of Suraaj Venjaramoodu, Ashokan and Maniyan Pillai Raju, the Jan 6 release could be a laugh riot.Spanish Masala: Any Lal Jose film brings along with it huge expectations and Spanish Masala is no different. Shot extensively in Spain, this entertainer with Dileep , Kunchacko Boban and Austrian actress Daniela Zacherl deals with love, food, bullfighting, the Flamenco dance and ofcourse La Tomatina festival. The Jan 13 release is one of the most anticipated movies this year.Padmasree Bharat Dr Saroj Kumar: Sure it's a spin-off of Udayananu Thaaram but there's no doubt that every Sreenivasan movie can stand on its own. Reprising his role as Saroj Kumar with Mamta Mohandas and Vineeth Sreenivasan chipping in, the Jan 13 release is expected to be another laugh heist and a satire on the Southern film industry and its larger-than-life stars. Also, Deepak Dev's songs that have gone viral have been adding to the buzz.Second Show: It could easily pass as the most hyped movie even though few things have been revealed about the film. The highlight is that it is Mammootty's son Dulquar Salman's debut. Maybe that alone would suffice to make it a blockbuster but the recently-launched trailer shows that this flick has more than Dulquar to offer. Industry sources say that the Jan 20 release could rake in the highest initial for a movie without a superstar.Casanova: Speaking of figures, Mohanlal-Rosshan Andrrews team's Casanova is billed as 'the highest budgeted Malayalam movie ever.' With some of its action scenes on par with Hollywood stunts, its stunning visuals, and all-star cast, Casanova is undoubtedly the biggest thing to happen this January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11381857", "title": "Lady lecturer held for plotting to murder lover's wife", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 25-year-old college lecturer who conspired with her lover, a scrap iron dealer, to kill his wife, so that they could get married, was arrested by the Coimbatore City Police on Thursday. Her lover was also arrested based on a complaint registered by his wife, with supporting documents including letters the lecturer had written her husband which implicated both of them in the attempt to murder. The letters clearly indicated the lecturer's plan to murder her lover's wife. They also revealed that the scrap iron dealer was under her influence and was willing to murder his wife.According to police, B Gowthaman (26) from Athappagoundenpudur got married to B Geetha, an MBA graduate two years ago after a prolonged love affair. On the occasion of their marriage, her parents had given 12 sovereigns of gold ornaments as dowry to Gowthaman. Six months ago, Gowthaman started harassing his wife for money to start a business. As the pressure mounted, Geetha's parents gave him Rs 75,000 in cash and five sovereigns of gold bangles. They also gifted him with a motor cycle.Around this time, Gowthaman started having an extra marital affair with R Uma Maheswari (25), from Peelamedu. Lecturer at a self financing private college, Uma was a divorcee. When Geetha became aware of her husband's extra marital affair, she confronted him. Gowthaman confessed his love for Uma, saying she was wealthy enough to support him in starting a new business. He also demanded Rs 5 lakh from Geetha for a clean break from the relationship.When she told her in-laws R Balasundaram, 60 and B Saroja, 56, about the issue, they also forced her to give their son Rs 5 lakh if she wanted to get out of the relationship. It was around this time that she discovered Uma's love letters among her husband's personal belongings. In almost all letters, Uma urged Gowtham to eliminate Geetha. Immediately, she lodged a complaint with the all woman police station at Ramanathapuram on Thursday and submitted the letters as evidence.\"We have arrested Gowthaman and Uma Maheswari and they have been remanded in judicial custody at Coimbatore Central Prison. Geetha's in-laws too have been found guilty of dowry harassment but they are absconding. They will be nabbed soon,\" said Inspector K Munirabegum of the all women police station in Ramanathapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11381949", "title": "Winter blues: Police, ITI students clash in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL: Police had to resort to cane charge on Thursday to disperse students of local ITI, who clashed with the authorities, demanding extension of winter holidays.A large number of students of ITI blocked traffic on Kunjpura road and adjoining NH1 demanding that the ITI be closed till January 20 in view of the cold conditions as had been done in case of schools and other educational institutes.As police reached the spot to pacify students and lift the blockade, some students got into a confrontation with security agencies. Soon, they started pelting stones at police, who responded with cane charge. The students also damaged a PCR vehicle parked in the vicinity.Later, ITI principal Prem Sagar said that the institute had been closed till January 9.DSP Surinder Singh Boriya said they had identified some students of ITI who indulged in hooliganism and would register a case against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383868", "title": "Fog hangs over city, climate to stay cool", "text": "MUMBAI: Adip in temperatures in the city has been accompanied with fog during the morning. Though it has not affected visibility so much as to disrupt traffic, it has blocked out the sea for morning walkers who visit the promenades.The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has said that humidity caused by the sea and winds from the north have created foggy conditions in the atmosphere. \"There is an upper air circulation in the north Konkan area, which is bringing in lots of moisture. Cold dry winds from the north condense water vapour that rises from the sea, creating fog in Mumbai,\" an IMD official said.The difference between morning and evening humidity levels is big. On Thursday, Colaba and Santa Cruz recorded morning humidity levels of 89% and 81%. But the levels had gone down to 60% and 44% by evening. The IMD said Colaba, being close to the coast, was not as cold as the suburbs. \"Because of humidity, temperatures do not drop much in the island city,\" said Ajay Kumar of the IMD.The city can expect similar weather for a couple of days more. \"There will not be any appreciable difference in temperatures,\" Kumar said. \"But after two days, the minimum temperature can be expected to rise by one degree per day till it comes back to normal.\"On Thursday, Mumbai experienced the fourth lowest temperature of this season. The minimum recorded at Santa Cruz was 13.8 degrees Celsius-about four degrees below normal-and the maximum was 30.5 degrees Celsius-normal. Colaba recorded a minimum of 18 degrees Celsius-normal there-and a maximum of 29.2 degrees Celsius-about a degree below normal.Kumar said: \"There is a western disturbance in the north of the country, because of which temperatures have dipped in those regions. Northerly winds have been bringing cold waves to the south, causing temperatures to dip in Mumbai as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11383001", "title": "Big B's tourism ad shoot from Jan 20", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Advertisements showcasing the brand ambassador of Gujarat, Amitabh Bachchan , has worked wonders for the state's tourism. The super star will soon be in the state for 12 days for the third round of shooting of the 'Khushboo Gujarat Ki' advertisement.Vipul Mitra, the principal secretary of tourism, said: \"The superstar will arrive on January 20. The other details of his shooting and spots are being finalized.\"During this third visit for the tourism department advertisement, Bachchan is likely to shoot at Champaner, Pavagadh, Ambaji, Saputara, Patan, Siddhpur, Modhera, Vadnagar and Ahmedabad city.Bachchan had earlier visited the state twice for shooting of the films promoting Gujarat. While in the first trip, he shot in Somnath, Girnar, and Bhuj, in the second he shot at Ahmedabad, Porbandar and Dwarka.State tourism department had last year released the first set of the 60-second film titled 'Khushboo Gujarat Ki'. From scenes of a camp fire in the stark and pristine Gir forest to praising the 'fragrance of faith' at Somnath Temple, Bachchan took the audience through a tour of Kutch, Gir and Somnath in the advertisement.Officials said that the advertisements to be shot during this visit of the actor will portray Saputara as a hill station at par with others like Mt Abu. Champaner, a world heritage site and Pavagadh and Ambaji will be promoted as major religious tourist destinations,\" said a state tourism department official.In North Gujarat, the town of Siddhpur is well known as Matrugaya tirth. Amitabh may perform matru shraaddh at Siddhpur in the advertisement. Officials also said that the Big B has proposed to lend his voice for the light and sound show for Dwarka, Ambaji and Somnath.Tourism department said that Bachchan will leave for Mumbai on January 29 for the Filmfare Award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "11388189", "title": "Indian worker killed in Malaysia after compressor explodes", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: An Indian national working in Malaysia was killed while two of his fellow foreign workers were critically injured after an air-conditioning compressor exploded in a scrap yard near here.Police said the incident happened at Putra Heights when the three workers were dismantling the unit.The dead worker has been identified as S Ganesan from India. Police said the victim succumbed to multiple injuries and his left hand was severed.Malaysia relies heavily on foreign workers from India, Indonesia, Myanmar and Bangladesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383573", "title": "Spirituality, self-help hold sway at Chennai Book Fair", "text": "CHENNAI: Spirituality, self-help and management, mostly translated from English into Tamil, dominate the shelves at the 35th Chennai Book Fair, which was inauguratedon Thursday.At the annual book fair, which is on till January 17 at St George's Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School, there are 682 stalls set up by 390 participants, said R S Shanmugam, president of the Booksellers' and Publishers' Association of South India. Participants are from Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and even a few from NewDelhi andUttar Pradesh.\"Nearly 70% of our catalogue consists of translations,\" said Gandhi Kannadhasan of Chennai-based Kannadhasan Pathippagam. The publisher has stocked up on not just bestsellersby thelateOsho andAP J Abdul Kalam's autobiography 'Wingsof Fire' but alsobookson computers and volumes by spiritual leaders such as Swami Rama andtheDalaiLama.\"Wehavebroughtout nearly 8,000 copies of Swami Rama's 'Living With The Himalayan Masters' because of the demand. We have also issued new imprints of poet Kannadhasan's 'Arthamulla Indu Matham',\" saidKannadhasan.Itisthesamescene atstallsof Tamil publishers Kizhakku Pathippagam andAnanda Vikatan.KizhakkuPathippagam has tied up with foreign publisher Pearson to bring out Tamil translations of the 1981 book, 'Body Language' by Allan Pease.Local writers have also been translated from English to Tamil.Ananda Vikatan hascollaborated with Sage Publishers to bring out titles such as Chennai psychiatrist Vijay Nagaswami's 'The Fifty-50 Marriage' and the acclaimed 'One Little Finger' by Malini Chib, who has cerebral palsy.At the Mumbai-based Jaico Publishing House's stall, there areeighttranslatedtitlesofRobin Sharma, including his most famous work, 'The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari'.\"Weselltranslations in all Indian languages but the maximum demand for them is from Tamil Nadu,\" said VenkatRatnam,salesexecutive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382375", "title": "HR interviews for citizen candidates under way", "text": "MUMBAI: The 45-minute interview at a corporate office in Malad may seem like any other job interview. But 16 human resources (HR) panelists from some corporates were screening and short-listing consensus citizen candidates for the February 16 civic elections.The panelists were invited by Mumbai 227, a platform launched by 10 social activists to support non-corrupt and apolitical citizens to contest the civic polls this year. There are 165 candidates who have evinced interest in contesting.Mumbai 227 has requested Grey Cells (training and HRD consultancy) to help it to scientifically and professionally screen and select candidates. Mumbai 227 will groom them, train them to speak in chaste Marathi and even campaign for those selected.But the selection process is no mean feat: 16 panelists have interviewed 25 candidates so far, and 100 will be interviewed during the weekend.Mehul Kuwadia, CEO, Grey Cells (HRD), R Ramakrishnan, executive director, Bajaj Electricals, Deepak Saxena, vice-president, HR, Essar , and Uday Ghag, general manager (HR), Onida, are some of the panelists.Kuwadia said, \"We received mixed reactions. Some were confident and had come prepared. They understood the roles and responsibilities of a corporator. Some came with letters from NGOs. And some were shy during the interview.\"The 'competency assessment-based interviewing' technique is used and each candidate is also told to give a two-minute impromptu speech.The competency model, developed by Kuwadia, lists 47 qualities, like knowledge, skills, attitude, action, personality and social factors required to be a successful corporator. Each interviewer has been provided with an interviewee assessment sheet and a list of probable questions, like 'What are the top 5 problems of your locality?', 'What if you are not elected?' and 'What is a corporator's role?'.Three students from the Parle Tilak Vidyalaya Association Institute Of Management studying in MMS-II and specializing in HR are assisting this initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11383202", "title": "MSY projects clean image on DP issue", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Thursday removed senior leader Mohan Singh as party's national spokesman for going against the party line on the reports of mafia DP Yadav joining the SP.Ram Gopal Yadav has been made the new national spokesman of the party. The controversy over DP Yadav started on December 31 when he reportedly met senior SP leader Azam Khan and expressed his desire to join the party. Azam had welcomed Yadav's decision before the media.But, a day later, SP leader Shivpal Yadav expressed reservation over Yadav's entry into the party fold saying, \"I don't think such individuals can help any political party\". SP state president Akhilesh Yadav too ruled out Yadav's entry into the party and went on to add that the party has no room for criminal elements, irrespective of their winnability or stature in politics. When the media sought Azam's reaction on Akhilesh's remarks, the former left the decision on top leadership.\"I individually felt that Yadav's induction would have helped the party politically. But the authority to take the final call on the issue rests with the state and national leadership, which I accept.\" While political analysts view Singh's sacking as a result of sustained bickering within the SP, insiders describe it as Mulayam's strategy to project a clean and criminal-free image of the party.Party's thinktank believes SP will gain from the move, especially when the BJP is struggling to defend the induction of tainted ex-BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha. A section of SP leaders see Mulayam's decision as a terse warning that no one, irrespective of their political stature or seniority, should speak against the party line. The new national spokesman Ram Gopal Yadav too stated that the party leadership was not willing to accept any contradictions on its decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386641", "title": "Suman is set for project daddy", "text": "Suman Banerjee is over the moon. The new year has started on an eventful note with the actor having bagged a couple of meaty projects on the big screen. He is also expecting his first child in March.Says an elated Suman, \"I am part of actor Tabun Munshi's directorial debut, which is untitled as of now. Then, there is Jay Shankar's \" Tor Naam\". But I am really excited about becoming a dad. My wife, Ashmita, is in her eighth month of pregnancy.March 2 is the date of delivery.\" Ask him if the couple has decided on some baby names and he says, \"I had thought of Ashmaan or Ashmaani but my wife isn't keen on them. I am trying my best to convince her though.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383740", "title": "Ranjit says Congress yielding to NCP pressure", "text": "NAGPUR: Former minister and Congress leader Ranjit Deshmukh has cautioned state party president Manikrao Thakre against succumbing to pressure mounted by the Nationalist Congress Party during the ongoing talks for a pre-poll alliance between the two parties for the municipal corporation elections scheduled next month.Reminding Thakre that the Congress was a national party and NCP more of regional player in the state, he took strong objection to NCP's offer for alliance being accepted in only eight cities going to polls. If NCP does not want to have a tie-up in Pune as well as Pimpri Chinchwad, which it claims to be its bastions, the Congress should also not have partnership with it in Nagpur which is Congress bastion,\" said Deshmukh in a letter written to the MPCC chief.Deshmukh also found it strange that the NCP had already come out with its independent manifesto for Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. \"Normally electoral allies publish a common programme for the whole state. But apparently, NCP wants to show that it is more aggressive and impose itself on the Congress. This should not be allowed,\" said the ex-minister.He has also sought changes in district units where the Congress fared badly in the recent municipal council elections. He also criticized the party for striking pact with the Lokmanch party in the city which had always worked against the Congress.Deshmukh, who was the textile minister in 2002, found the new textile policy announced by the government lacking in vision. The policy does not dwell on modern advances in textile sector which has opened new avenues in production of specialized products like agro-textile, industrial, medical and geo textiles. Moreover, with no exclusivity for cotton growing areas of Vidarbha and Marathwada, the textile units may not prefer these regions and set shops in already developed parts of the state.\"When I was the textile minister in 2002, I had ensured that spinning and weaving units in cotton growing areas only got the incentives and not those in Ichalkaranji, Bhiwandi and Malegaon. Because that the idea when orginial plan of the state government was formulated when Vasantdada Patil was chief minister,\" said Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11383608", "title": "Dacoits decamp with Rs 1.75 lakh from petrol pump", "text": "GONDIA: Dacoits broke into an Indian Oil Corporation petrol pump and decamped with Rs 1.75 lakh in Murdoli village, 3km from Deori, on Wednesday night. Sources said that two employees of the petrol pump, - Deepak Kale and Liladhar Parwate - were on night duty when three dacoits with weapons rushed into the pump. They forced the duo to hand over all the cash.The dacoits also woke up four other persons - manager Devendra Hemne, Nitin Deshmukh, Ganesh Yele and Rhudaynath Nakade - and asked them to hand them over the key of the main safe. Those who tried to resist the dacoits were beaten up.According to the employees, the three dacoits had not come by any vehicle. \"It was done in just 10 minutes and they then ran towards Murdoli. They were speaking in Hindi,\" they said.Deshmukh said that he rang up the police control room and on telephone No. 222549 at around 1am but there was no response. Later a complaint was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "11385717", "title": "Galaxy sales power Samsung Q4", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co, Asia's largest consumer-electronics company, reported a record quarterly profit on surging sales of Galaxy phones and proceeds from selling its hard-disk drive business.Operating profit in the three months that ended in December was 5.2 trillion won ($4.5 billion), compared with 3.01 trillion won a year ago, the Suwon, South Korea-based company said in a statement today. That was higher than the 4.6 trillion-won average of 29 analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg News. Sales rose 12 percent to 47 trillion won.Mobile-phone sales surpassed a record 300 million units last year as Galaxy smartphones helped win consumers amid competition with Apple Inc's iPhone . Samsung, which sold its hard-disk drive business to Seagate Technology Plc, is introducing more mobile devices to offset slumping profits at the chip and flat-screen panel businesses.\"The mobile business is generating a huge chunk of profit now,\" James Song, a Seoul-based analyst at Daewoo Securities Co, said by telephone. \"It may be getting harder for Apple to catch up because they only have a limited number of models.\"Samsung shares fell 1.2 per cent to 1,042,000 won as of 10:29 a.m., while the benchmark Kospi index declined 1.3 per cent. The stock gained 11 percent in 2011.Seagate deal While smartphone sales helped propel Samsung's revenue to a record last year, fourth-quarter operating profit was inflated by proceeds from the Seagate deal, James Chung, a Seoul-based spokesman for the Suwon, South Korea-based company, said by telephone after the announcement.Samsung said in April it agreed to sell its mechanical- drive business to Dublin-based Seagate for $1.38 billion in cash and stock. Samsung said last month the sale was completed.Operating profit may be 200 billion won higher or lower than today's preliminary estimate when audited results are announced later this month, Samsung said. The company didn't provide net income figures or a breakdown of divisional earnings.Samsung's full-year profit sales rose 6.5 per cent to a record 164.7 trillion won, while operating profit declined 6.7 per cent to 16.2 trillion won.Galaxy sales Operating profit at the telecommunications unit jumped 81 per cent to 2.6 trillion won, according to the median of six analyst estimates surveyed by Bloomberg News. Sales at the world's second-largest handset vendor may have gained 36 per cent to 16.45 trillion won.Samsung overtook Apple in the third quarter to become the world's largest smartphone seller after shipping 27.8 million units, market researcher Strategy Analytics said in October. Samsung's smartphone sales more than tripled during the three- month period from a year ago, and its market share more than doubled, it said.Samsung probably sold about 32 million smartphones in the fourth quarter, according to an estimate from Dongbu Securities Co, helped by the Galaxy range of devices. Galaxy S II sales, which began in May, surpassed 10 million units quicker than any other Samsung mobile device, the company said in a December statement, without providing a total sales figure for the model.Chip profit Samsung sold more than 300 million handsets, including basic types, in 2011, according to the statement.In October, Samsung and software partner Google Inc unveiled the Galaxy Nexus , powered by the latest Android operating system that features facial-recognition functions. A month earlier, Samsung introduced the Galaxy Note equipped with a 5.3-inch screen and a stylus.Profit at the semiconductor division probably fell 11 per cent to 1.6 trillion won on sales of 9.65 trillion won, according to the survey.The price of the benchmark DDR3 2-gigabit DRAM (DRAM84) slumped by 51 per cent last year amid slowing personal-computer sales, according to data from Taipei-based Dramexchange Technology Inc, operator of Asia's largest spot market for semiconductors. Chip prices have fallen to as low as a ball of rice, according to Tokyo-based Elpida Memory Inc.DRAM prices likely will remain at current levels through the first half of this year, with PC demand not picking up quickly, Shin Hyun Joon, a Seoul-based analyst at Dongbu Securities, said in a December 21 report.TV shipments Samsung is faring better than its rivals because of its diversification into specialty chips for mobile devices, Park Hyun, a Seoul-based analyst at Tong Yang Securities Inc., said by telephone before today's announcement. Shipments of smartphone DRAM probably more than doubled last year from 2010, according to a forecast by researcher IHS iSuppli in October.Samsung's display division likely had an operating profit of 6.5 billion won, compared with 100 billion won a year earlier, according to the survey. Sales probably rose to 7.95 trillion won from 7.2 trillion won.The average selling price of Samsung's flat-screen panels dropped 21 percent in 2011 amid stagnating TV sales, according to an estimate from Dongbu Securities.Global LCD TV shipments probably were 206 million units last year, falling short of an earlier projection of 211 million units, according to research company DisplaySearch.Samsung bought Sony Corp.'s stake in their LCD-making venture, which was formed in 2004, for 1.08 trillion won in cash, the South Korean company said in December. Sony predicted an eighth consecutive year of losses from TVs.Samsung's TV-making unit likely had an operating profit of 170.5 billion won, compared with a loss of 170 billion won a year ago, helped by high-end models featuring 3D functionality and Web-based services, according to the survey.Sales are estimated to have risen to 16.1 trillion won from 15.97 trillion won.Samsung almost met its annual target to sell 45 million flat-screen TVs, Yoon Boo Keun, head of the consumer-electronics business, said in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11381879", "title": "2 held for financial fraud", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore city police are on the lookout for two persons who cheated private financial institutions by availing loans to buy trucks and selling them to third parties for profit. Police said they were involved in at least twenty cases of cheating institutions, including banks and private finance firms in Coimbatore, Erode and Salem district. The duo changed the vehicle's license plate and sold them.M Gopalakrishnan, 32, an employee of Hinduja Leyland Finance Ltd, lodged a complaint with the Race Course police station against M Gurusamy of Sundakkamuthur and S Eswaran of Tiruppur. In the complaint he said the duo had approached the finance firm last November requesting a loan to buy two second hand lorries.The firm approached a businessman Rajendran from Namakkal and bought two lorries for them. The firm handed over one lorry worth Rs 7.50 lakh to Gurusamy and the other lorry worth Rs 6.85 lakh, was handed over to Eswaran. They promised the firm that every month they would pay the EMI.Gurusamy's friend Palanisamy had pledged his lorry at the Kotak Mahindra Bank to acquire a loan. Later, the lorry was sold without the bank's knowledge. Bank officials requested to see the lorry when he failed to make regular payments. Palanisamy approached Gurusamy for help.Gurusamy, Eswaran and Palanisamy conspired against the bankand the private finance firm. Gurusamy changed the registration number of the lorry given to Eswaran. Palanisamy handed over the lorry with fake registration and chassis number to the Kotak Mahindra Bank.When the firm realized they were duped, they lodged a complaint against Gurusamy and Eswaran. The police have registered a case against them based on this complaint.EOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386390", "title": "Asin\u2019s quiet vacation", "text": "Asin took a two-week vacation to bring in the New Year with her family in the hills of Kerala.\"It's Asin's summer home and is spread over 25 acres of land with a stream flowing through it. She had a great time trekking and fishing. She even had a campfire and barbecue. Asin and her parents had other relatives for company. It was very cold and misty and she didn't want to wind up her holiday,\" says a source. Asin adds, \"It was beautiful there, but I couldn't take many pictures. Sometimes we are so obsessed with 'capturing' a moment that we lose out on enjoying the beauty of the place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383207", "title": "Two held for stealing gold bar", "text": "KOLKATA: Two persons, who had rescued their neighbour after a fire broke out at his house, were engaged in rescuing their neighbour, during a fire incident at his house, were arrested on charges of stealing a gold bar from the victim's house.On December 25, a fire broke out at Amaresh Chowdhury's house at 20 B, Nimtala Ghat Street. His neighbours - Ajay Sau and Swapan De, embarked on a rescue operation. But after the flame was doused, Chowdhury found that a 100 gm gold bar was missing.On the basis of his complaint police started a probe and found the bar in the possession of the rescuers. The bar is worth Rs 2.7 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382037", "title": "Court comes down heavily on 'unfair' SHO", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday ordered to place the SHO of Amritsar (B-division) police station under suspension for acting in defiance of judicial orders.The role of Jagbinder Singh came under scanner for arresting an old woman an hour after an HC-appointed warrant officer got her released.While recommending Amritsar police commissioner for the SHO's suspension and initiating departmental proceeding against him, Justice Ranjit Singh observed that the conduct and action of Jagbinder was not only highly objectionable but illegal and arbitrary, which had exceeded all bounds of fair play.\"The SHO appears to be carrying an attitude of he cares two hoots for the judicial order or proceedings before the high court. Such a police officer cannot be expected to function fairly and independently,\" Justice Singh observed.The court had appointed a warrant officer after a habeas corpus petition was filed for securing the release of Amritsar resident Manjit Kaur. During the search, the HC warrant officer found Kaur in police station but SHO Jagbinder Singh informed the officer that she was not required in the case and could leave the police station.However, immediately after the departure of warrant officer, SHO again took Kaur in custody. Both Kaur and her grandson, the petitioner, were reportedly assaulted for filing the habeas corpus petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11383185", "title": "Tulsi may act as shield against radiation: Experts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If you thought the ubiquitous tulsi growing in your backyard only cures cough and cold, think again. The herbal plant may soon act as a shield against radiation disasters. Scientists at Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) have already done the animal trial (clinical trial phase I) of tulsi's radiation protection potential.\"The results are encouraging,\" said Dr W Selvamurthy, chief controller of research and development, DRDO. The Institute of Nuclear Medicines and Allied Sciences (INMAS) at DRDO is planning to develop India's indigenous defence against all kinds of radiation. The DRDO will initiate the phase II trials soon, Selvamurthy said.Speaking on NBC (nuclear, biological and chemical) technologies for armed forces and civilians on the sidelines of the 99th Indian Science Congress here, Selvamurthy said certain herbal plants such as tulsi have compounds, which act as antioxidants, quenching the oxidative stress in case of a radiation exposure and repair the damaged DNA.\"Scientists are working on that property of the plant to develop medicine to protect against radiation poisoning,\" Selvamurthy said. Herbal radio protectors such as tulsi (Ocimum tenuiflorum or basil) will have an advantage over chemical compounds, because these would have lesser side effects. Besides the widely available tulsi, Podophyllum Hexandrum (Himalayan May Apple) and Sea Buckthorn hold similar properties, Dr Selvamurthy said.Once developed, the same medicine can be used both for animals and human beings in case of a radiation disaster.The DRDO scientist said civilians should also have certain knowledge about NBC related emergencies as a measure of preparedness towards any threat.Towards this goal, the DRDO will soon come out with a civilian training centre on NBC at Panipat, he added. DRDO has already established a model NBC hospital at Gwalior. The hospital can survive NBC attacks and offer services in the aftermath, he said, adding the preparedness must be to checkmate a threat scenario emerging from non-state actors, nuclear pilferage and reactor accidents.DRDO develops anti-cancer drugBHUBANESWAR: An anti-cancer drug, facilitating precision radiation therapy, developed by Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) is slated to hit the market soon, a top DRDO scientist said here on Thursday.The 2-Deoxy-D-Glucose (2-DG) drug has cleared all the three stages of clinical trials (phase I, II and III) besides clearance by the drugs controller general of India and Indian Council of Medical Research.\"We are hopeful the New Drug Advisory Committee (NDAC) will clear it soon, after which a private company will launch it commercially,\" said Dr W Selvamurthy, chief controller of research and development at DRDO. Speaking on the sidelines of the 99th Indian Science Congress here, Dr Selvamurthy said the 2 DG drug, with molecular structure similar to glucose, changes the glucose mechanism of the body.The hyperactive cancer cells feed more on glucose than on oxygen and absorb the drug. As a result, the cells can be distinguished from normal cells, facilitating optimization of radiation by pre-administering the drug. Dr Selvamurthy said Dr Reddy's laboratory in Hyderabad will market it. Since it is being indigenously developed and marketed, the cost of the anticancer drug will be very less in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11383425", "title": "Man gets 10 years jail term for rape", "text": "KANPUR: District and sessions judge of Ramabai Nagar Ali Zamin, on Thursday, convicted Manoj Kumar for kidnapping and physically exploiting a girl and ordered him to undergo 10 years of rigorous imprisonment. A fine of Rs 22,000 was also imposed on him.The judge observed that accused had committed a heinous crime and he was liable to get stringent punishment.Manoj Kumar, a resident of Pukhrayan had enticed the girl and eloped with her on May 29, 2010. The man took the victim to Kanpur and kept her in an isolated place for ten days. He physically exploited her. When she fell, Manoj abandoned her near Panki.In her statement recorded under Section 164 CrPC, the victim stated that she reached her aunt's house and her uncle took her to the police station to lodge a report. The medical examination confirmed her statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383328", "title": "Four injured after bus overturns on Red Road", "text": "KOLKATA: Four persons were injured on Thursday when a private bus on route 37 overturned while trying to speed past the island on Red Road outside Fort William's East gate.Eyewitnesses said two front wheels of the bus (WB-19/6682) suddenly gave away, and it fell on the front axle after the driver lost control over the wheel. Luckily for passengers, the bus didn't turn turtle, but hit a bicyclist, injuring him. Prabir Malik, a pedestrian, also sustained injury. The driver fled.Md Shakeel Khan, 25, a Kidderpore resident who was on board the bus and was on his way to sell wares at Esplanade, got his leg fractured. Khan is being treated at the SSKM Hospital. He said that he had boarded the bus off Race Course only a few minutes before the accident.\"Around 9:45 am, I was paying for my ticket when I was suddenly flung forward. My leg hit a seat and I felt terrible pain. Other passengers fell over me,\" he said. \"We didn't immediately realize what had happened except that the bus had fallen on its front. It was only when other passengers and locals rushed to help us that we realized the front wheels had completely given away,\" he said.Police said the private bus was bound for Esplanade from Kidderpore.\"At Fort William island (known as J K Island), the bus was taking a sharp turn when its wheels suddenly came off. Usually, buses here slow down before taking the turn. But the manner in which the bus was moving, the accident would have happened even if it was moving slowly. It was a major technical flaw and a case has been initiated accordingly,\" said a police officer, manning the traffic police outpost at Fort William. The offending vehicle has been impounded by Maidan police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381220", "title": "Traders face legal hurdles in China", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government said on Thursday that the Indian traders rescued from Yiwu in China were safe in Shanghai, but added that it would sometime for them to be back home as the litigation against them is still pending.\"The traders are in Shanghai and Indian Consulate officials are in touch with them. We do not want to disclose their location as they are in a state of shock... this is also a matter of private information,\" Syed Akbaruddin, OSD, external publicity, MEA, said. He was briefing reporters on the ongoing visit of Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago.He maintained that the family members of the traders, identified as Deepak Raheja and Shyam Sunder Agarwal, have been informed about their whereabouts and insisted that they are safe in Shanghai.However, their return to India will not be imminent as they are facing charges of non-payment and the like and unless these are sorted out, the traders will have to stay in China.\"They are involved in a financial litigation which is on-going... The litigation has to run its course,\" Akbaruddin said, adding the standard norms and procedures have to be followed but the Consulate continues to closely follow the developments and will render all possible help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382886", "title": "HC directive on shifting of Sainik School", "text": "PATNA: Patna High Court on Thursday directed a petitioner seeking reversal of Nalanda DM's proposal to shift the Sainik School, Nalanda, from its present site at Rajgir to village Nanand under Silao Block, Nalanda, to approach the defence ministry and the DM concerned in this regard.Petitioner Manoj Kumar had sought the reversal of the proposal to shift the school to Nanand from Rajgir, a distance of about 25 km, stating that the land price at Nanand was much higher than the one proposed by a team led by ADM and CO, Nalanda, and the principal of the said school, which had selected a site at village Kanchanpura in the district for shifting the school after paying a visit to the site.The land price at Kanchanpura was Rs 3,500 per decimal against Rs 9,600 per decimal at Nanand.Petitioner's counsel Kumar Kaushik said that the court was also informed that Nanand lacked basic amenities needed for shifting the school. The court after hearing the case directed the petitioner to approach the defence ministry and the DM concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11380925", "title": "Lokayukta rejects complaint against Maya", "text": "LUCKNOW: An attempt to drag chief minister Mayawati to the Lokayukta court for allegedly granting undue favours to liquor baron Ponty Chadha fell flat on Thursday when UP's Lokayukta, Justice NK Mehrotra, declined to entertain the complaint on the grounds that the law does not authorize him to investigate the CM. The complaint against Mayawati was filed by a journalist.Mehrotra also said since Mayawati does not hold the charge of excise ministry, she cannot be questioned for any policy decision. He also refused to take cognizance of allegations against excise minister Nasimuddin Siddiqui for technical reasons. The complaint, he said, was not accompanied with necessary documents.Complainant VK Mishra said he will approach the Lokayukta afresh, \"this time with all the necessary documents\". The UP excise policy, he charged, was tailored to favour monopolistic trade. \"The rule book was thrown to the wind. No tenders were floated and the entire sector was handed over to Chadha on a platter,\" he alleged.This is the second time a complaint against Chadha has reached Lokayukta. In October 2010, a farmer leader from Lakhimpur Khiri, VM Singh, had alleged that UP State Sugar Corporation Ltd had sold two sugar mills in Amroha and Bulandshahr at throwaway prices to Chadha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11384222", "title": "Tambekarwada\u2019s dilapidated portion to get facelift", "text": "VADODARA: The dilapidated portion of Tambekarwada in Raopura excluding the haveli protected by Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) will soon be spruced up and put to use. The portion is in the possession of Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) that on Thursday cleared a proposal to sign a memorandum of understanding in this regard with the ASI.While the ASI has restored the Tambekarwada that is amongst the two protected monuments in the city besides the Hazira at Makarpura, the portion adjoining it needed attention. The ASI had recently written to the civic body seeking possession of the portion under the VMC so that it could be maintained better.The ASI had expressed concern that the portion protected by it shared a common wall with that under the possession of VMC. During monsoon there was seepage of water into the wall of the protected haveli and in the long run it could damage the protected monument. It had also sought permission to use the portion in possession of the VMC.The standing committee on Thursday authorized the municipal commissioner to conduct necessary procedures to sign a MoU with the ASI on the issue. The proposal has also sought clearance for expenses for work on the premises within a ceiling of Rs 20 lakh. The proposal entails that the spruced up premises could be put to use for a library, art gallery or any similar purpose to generate revenue to maintain the historical building.Tambekarwada located in the heart of the city is one of the oldest surviving residential complexes constructed in 1874 by Bhau Saheb Tambekar, who was the Diwan of Baroda during the time of Maharaja Ganpatrao Gaekwad from 1849 to 1854.This three-storeyed building has typical Maratha wooden architecture. It possesses mural paintings used to decorate the structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383703", "title": "Officers face the music over delay of govt directive", "text": "NAGPUR: In May last year, Maharashtra Lokayukta had directed the state government to implement a ten-point plan to deal with the prevalence of sickle cell disease in the state. The administration was given three months' time for executing the entire plan. Despite more than six months having passed the directive, the plan still awaits execution.The State Information Commissioner has summoned officials of the public health department for a hearing on Friday in this regard.The plan included implementing a sickle cell control programme in all 19 districts under National Rural Health Mission, establishing a dedicated sickle cell research institute and a sickle cell control organization in state and carrying out surveys to identify carriers and sufferers of the genetic disorder.These directives had been given based on a complaint filed by the president of Sickle Cell Society of India Sampat Ramteke. He had sought an RTI query on the actions taken from the director of health services, which was unanswered. Subsequently, summons was ordered to deputy director and additional director of the state's public health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383632", "title": "Bustling city drowns the sob of a grieving mother", "text": "CHENNAI: People sitting near the subway outside Chennai Central are usually considered hawkers or beggars and ignored. So not many looked twice on Thursday when a young woman sat holding her dead infant and crying for two hours, lost in grief and lacking the money to get home to Keelkattalai.The woman, whose name is not known, gave birth to twin daughters around a week ago. One of them developed a fever and she took both to the Egmore children's hospital earlier this week. After waiting for hours to see a doctor, the medical experts told her the child was fine and sent her home. She was perplexed because the fever had not subsided.Neighbours advised her to go to a black magician saying the illness must have been caused by the 'evil eye' cast by envious relatives. The woman and her two friends went to Ponneri with the twins to meet the mystic healer and get an amulet. On their way back the ill child died.Heartbroken, she reached Chennai Central and decided to send the surviving child with her friend because she was afraid the other baby would also die. Passengers who saw her crying thought her child had been kidnapped, found her friend and brought them back. After explaining the situation to the passengers, the woman stepped out of the station and sat near the subway around 11am.The TOI photographer spotted her grieving over her baby. \"She wanted to board a train to St Thomas Mount from Park Station but did not have any money,\" he said. With help from a few good Samaritans, he collected Rs 300, flagged down an auto and sent her home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11384040", "title": "Verma: Moghe\u2019s report card presents dismal picture", "text": "INDORE: The opposition sought to puncture Krishna Murari Moghe's claim that the latter as the city mayor put Indore on a road of development by terming his two-year tenure as a failure. Moghe on Thursday completed two years as the mayor of the city.Abhay Verma, leader of Opposition said corporators have to run from pillar to post to get their work done and those who want to meet the Mayor return disappointed. Bureaucrats have stopped listening to people's representatives and corruption is rampant. The Centre has given enough funds for the city development, but the civic body has failed to utilize, Verma alleged.Like Verma, there were many who refused to buy the Mayor's argument. Manakchand Maroo, a freedom fighter, said, \"We expected much from him, but he came as disappointment.\" he said. \"There was a time when Moghe as the BJP organisation general secretary would see that works were done and ministers remained disciplined,\" he said.After he took over the reins of the IMC, he failed to control even corporators.RJ Pinto, a septuagenarian, said, \"Moghe has not been able to control the corporation staff or put curb on corruption. The city's development is going at a snail's pace and the corporators have stopped listening to people.\"However, the mayor contested the claim. \"In my tenure of two years, the civic body is in a better financial health.\" Moghe claimed that the civic body had been able to repay Rs 150 crore loan because of the financial control. \"We have not taken any loan in the past two years,\" he said, claiming that the garbage issue has been addressed. Ongoing projects would be completed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383653", "title": "Child snatcher caught, handed over to police", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old man, who was running away with a two-year-old boy playing in front of his hut near Vyasarpadi Jeeva Railway Station on Wednesday, was caught by local residents, thrashed and handed over to police.The man, T Rajesh of VOC Nagar in Aatu Thotti near Pulianthope, told police he stole the two-year-old boy as he had no children and was living alone after his wife left him. Police later handed over the boy, Manikandan, to his parents - Subramani (32), a security guard, and Karpagam (28), who sells phenyl and bleaching powder.Around 3pm, police said, Karpagam was busy in the kitchen when Rajesh hoisted Manikandan onto his shoulder and began running. Manikandan's sister Lakshmi (4) saw him and cried out. Divya Nandhu, a dog trainer, was on a stroll when he heard Lakshmi's screams and chased Rajesh. Soon, others joined Nandhu. Rajesh ran on the railway tracks from Vyasarpadi Jeeva railway station to Perambur but was nabbed midway.Soon, MKB Nagar assistant commissioner of police Govi Manoharan and Vyasarpadi inspector T Prakash rushed there.Rajesh, police suspect, has been suffering from a mental illness after a road accident in 2009. His wife left him due to this, a police officer said.Rajesh, a butcher at a corporation slaughterhouse in Aatu Thotti, told police he wanted to raise the boy as his own. \"We are also questioning him further, whether he had involved in stealing babies earlier,\" Govi Manoharan said.This is the third such incident reported in Vyasarpadi and MKB Nagar in the past one month, police said adding that they had rescue all the kidnapped children and nabbed the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11381435", "title": "Youth arrested instead of brother", "text": "JAIPUR: High drama prevailed outside the Brahmpuri police station in the city on Thursday noon when a police team comprising of three constables detained one Sikh youth. The youth accused the policemen of throwing away his turban and manhandling him. The arrest warrant was against another Sikh youth who happens to be the brother of the arrested youth. Though police released the arrested youth within an hour, but the youth implicated the police of throwing away his turban.According to the police, the Brahmpuri police station got an arrest warrant from a Gujarat court against one Manjit Singh -- a native of the area -- in an accident case. Later, a team of constables including a woman constable visited the locality in which Singh lives. After some of the people in the neighborhood confirmed the identity of the youth, assuming him to be Manjit Singh the team detained the youth and brought him to the police station.\"The youth, after arriving at the police station, claimed that he was the brother of the accused Manjit Singh and that his name was Bhupendra Singh,\" police said. Later, police asked him to show some valid identity card to prove his claim,\" said Ashok Naruka, deputy commissioner of police (North).In the meantime the youth in custody called up some Congress workers at block level and people demanding his release gathered outside the police station. \"When some renowned persons said that his claims were correct, the police station in-charge decided to release him. But, the youth accused the police team of touching and throwing away his turban,\" Naruka said.\"I have summoned the constables on the basis of his complaint to find out if the claims made by him are true,\" Naruka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382354", "title": "Previous polls show Cong-NCP combine could give saffron parties run for money", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party are dilly-dallying on an alliance for the civic elections, poll data from the previous two elections clearly suggests a combination of the two partners could give saffron parties a run for their money.The data show that the Congress and NCP, despite fighting separately, have consistently polled more votes than the Bharatiya Janata Party-Shiv Sena combine in the 2002 and 2007 elections. The two parties however, in one of the biggest paradoxes of the Indian electoral system, bagged fewer seats.In 2007, the saffron brigade pocketed 112 seats, that is 27 more than the Congress-NCP's 85. Of the 39.49 lakh votes polled, the saffron vote-share was only 29.93% or 10.02 lakh votes, as opposed to the Congress-NCP's 36.1% or 14.25 lakh votes A deal between the two parties fell through at the last minute over sharing of seats. \"Even if it worked out, it would have been and will always be an uneasy alliance irrespective of a healthy combined vote-share,\" said a Congress leader.The gap between the two parties' vote-share was visible in 2002 too. The saffron combine secured a clear majority of 133 seats, 58 more than the Congress-NCP's 75. But the vote tally of the two parties was surprisingly more. The Congress-NCP together polled 39.2% votes, opposed to 37.16% of the Sena-BJP.The figures show that the two may have a better chance of capturing the country's richest corporation if they come together. However, other factors such as the voting percentage of the MNS, the third largest party in 2007, in term of votes polled after leaders Congress and Sena, and falling vote-share of the independent candidates will also play a vital role. The MNS, in its electoral debut, secured 11.2% or 4.43 lakh votes, winning seven seats. The vote-share of nine Independents was 8.5%, as opposed to 13.4% in as many seats in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382762", "title": "Wife alleges denial of visitation rights by Akula", "text": "HYDERABAD: SKS Microfinance founder Vikram Akula's estranged wife Malini M Byanna on Thursday lodged a complaint at the Banjara Hills police station alleging that her former husband was not allowing her to meet their son in violation of the family court order. A few days ago, Akula took Tejas to Hotel Taj Banjara, where Malini was supposed to meet their son.\"Malini claimed that as she was spending time with Tejas, Vikram's aides hung around the hotel premises. She also claimed that she felt threatened because of their presence,\" Sitaramulu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11384031", "title": "Walk-ins started to fill doctors\u2019 vacancies", "text": "BHOPAL: Faced with acute shortage of doctors, the health department is carrying out interviews for the first time on its own, without the assistance of the Madhya Pradesh Public Service Commission ( MPPSC). The openings are for 281 posts of medical practitioners across the state which has drawn in 861 applicants.As per the National Rural Health Mission ( NRHM) figures, not a single primary health care centre in the state has more than four doctors. With just 514 of the 1155 positions being filled, the shortfall is particularly acute in the rural areas. Long queue of the aspirants could be seen at the venue, JP Hospital here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11381665", "title": "Maria Susairaj spotted at friend\u2019s wedding", "text": "MYSORE: Former actress Maria Monica Susairaj, who was an accused in the Neeraj Grover murder case, made a public appearance at the wedding of her family friend at a private hotel in Mysore on Thursday.For the first time after she was released from jail, Sursairaj freely mingled with people who came to attend the ceremony. She even talked to her school and college friends at the function. This is the second time that she has visited the city after her release. Recently, she had attended the funeral of her grandfather.Maria Susairaj and her boyfriend Emile Jerome Mathew were convicted for murdering television executive Neeraj Grover in May 2008 in Mumbai. They were sentenced to jail, but later Maria was released after spending three years in prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "11383239", "title": "Mahesh Bhatt keen to bring Hills back on silver screen", "text": "DARJEELING: Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt on Thursday hinted that his production house may shoot parts of the sequels to blockbusters Jism and Jannat in the Hills. He was present on the closing ceremony of Darjeeling Tea &amp; Tourism Festival along with his actor-producer-director daughter Pooja Bhatt.However, Bhatt quickly added that things were in the initial stages and nothing could be confirmed just as yet. \"In Bollywood terms, we cannot be definite as many factors have to be taken into account. Therefore I would say that I am exploring the possibilities of shooting here,\" he said. The director had shot some of his hit films like \"Lahu Ke Do Rang\" and \"Chor Aur Chand\" in Darjeeling.Talking to TOI, Bhatt said Darjeeling has not lost its charm and that the new breed of Bollywood directors would start flocking the Hills soon since political agitation has receded over the past few months.\"Distances are only psychological. Once news reaches Mumbai about the exotic and colonial nature of Darjeeling, the new breed of Bollywood directors will definitely come here,\" Bhatt said.His daughter Pooja echoed, \"There are lots of colonial heritage architectures here amidst exotic locations. These architectures and locations need to be utilized. Darjeeling is a jewel and we must bring it back on the silver screen.\"Before taking part in the closing ceremony of the festival, the ace director had a meeting with the district magistrate of Darjeeling. Though the nature of the meeting was not disclosed, sources confirmed that Bhatt discussed the formalities to seek permission for shooting in Darjeeling.Before venturing out for location hunting for their forthcoming films, Bhatt highlighted the role of the district administration in putting forth favourable conditions. \"It must be said that district administration has really been cooperative in extending its support. Inviting us here shows that the administration is intent on reaching out to Bollywood,\" he said.Darjeeling DM Saumitra Mohan informed that a directors' meet would be convened in Darjeeling in the first week of February. There are possibilities that the likes of Vidhu Vinod Chopra and Madhur Bhandarkar , among other directors, would attend the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11376566", "title": "A working New Year for Taapsee", "text": "Actress Taapsee has been shooting through the New Year's eve, but the girl isn't complaining.\"I've been shooting right from December 31 and I believe that since I was working on New Year's day, I will be flooded with work this entire year!\" she smiles.Ask Taapsee if she doesn't mind missing out on fun, and she says, \"I had my own fun on New Year's Eve. I was travelling from Badami to Hyderabad on December 31 when my car broke down in a village. There were no streetlights and no mechanic shed nearby. Almost 50 people gathered around my car and started asking if I was Taapsee. I was scared because it was a huge crowd and I only had my assistant and makeup artist with me. It took me a long time to convince them I wasn't Taapsee. I heaved a sigh of relief only after we got our car working and started driving back to Hyderabad!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382312", "title": "DNA test may nail rape accused", "text": "MUMBAI: A DNA expert on Thursday told the court that the hair found in the nail and the semen on the vaginal swab of the nine-year-old girl from Kurla, who was raped and murdered in 2010, were that of the accused, Javed Rehman Shaikh.Special public prosecutor Pradeep Gharat said the doctor deposing in court had confirmed that the evidence recovered matched the samples taken from Shaikh. According to him, it was the most important evidence to prove that Shaikh had raped the girl. \"Three witness examined have already stated that they had seen the victim with Shaikh,\" Gharat added. So far, 26 prosecution witnesses have been examined.In 2010, the Nehru Nagar police filed a 325-page chargesheet against Shaikh and recorded the statements of 45 witnesses. The court had framed charges against Sheikh under sections 302 (murder), 363 (kidnap) and 376 (rape) of the IPC.Of the three rapes and murders of minors that rocked Kurla in 2010, Sheikh is an accused in one. A cable operator, Sheikh was arrested on July 1, 2010 after the victim's body was found in a mezzanine floor of a chawl on June 19, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11383309", "title": "Power crisis, faulty bills, PVVNL's cup is brimming", "text": "VARANASI: After grappling with power woes, the Purvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Ltd (PVVNL) is now struggling to set electricity bills right.While the termination of contract of private company entrusted with the task of taking readings of electric meter and distribution of bills under door-to-door drive in the past one month has stalled the process, it has also created an ever-increasing backlog of unpaid power bills. The gravity of the situation could be understood with the fact that despite the same company (Gurgaon-based company) taking charge of bill preparations again in the New Year, the process is yet to gain momentum in different parts of the city.\"We are beginning the door-to-door drive again and prior to that the checking of electric meters and preparation of database for online billing is also being done. The process has already started in some localities and soon other divisions falling under the office would also witness the drive. Efforts are being made to set the billings right and encourage more revenue generation in the business plan (2011-12),\" said ML Sharma, chief engineer, PVVNL on Thursday.It may be mentioned here that there are around 2.50 lakh power consumers in the city who are covered under six divisional offices of PVVNL. While reports from the office indicate that the billing for the month of December has been hampered, a fresh exercise is likely to further delay the process. As per reports of different divisional offices under PVVNL, a backlog of more than 80% power consumers has been already created for the month of December while the delay in the door-to-door billing is threatening to pile on the pending work for the month of January as well.While the online billing is yet to gain acceptance in various divisions, the long queue of power consumers jostling for correction and payment of bills could not be ruled out. \"We are trying to ease the situation by organising power camps in various localities and it would be frequently organised once the door-to-door exercise, especially the checking of electric meters, is completed. The plans to extend kiosks set-up encouraging speedy billing in different parts of the city are also on the cards,\" added the chief engineer on the occasion.It is also worth mentioning that in the past surveys conducted to check efficiency of electric meters, around 60% of electric meters (electronic meters) were found to be running slow. The survey opened the eyes of power officials who initiated checking of electronic meters before starting the process of taking readings and bill preparations in different localities.\"The delay is a temporary phenomenon and the billing process would gather momentum soon. Our focus is on improving other things and billing will also be set right,\" added the chief engineer on the occasion.Meanwhile, power supply worsened in most parts of the city on Thursday. Technical snags and local faults in 132 KV Bhikharipur and Ledhupur power substations caused power crisis in southern parts and trans-Varuna areas respectively. Snags in 33 KV Bhadaini power substation disrupted power supply in Durgakund, Sarainadan and adjoining areas while a technical snag in Pandeypur (attached to 132 KV Ledhupur station) deepened power crisis in trans-Varuna areas. Besides, additional rostering was also reported from Sigra, Mehmoorganj and Lallpaura areas.As per reports of PVVNL office, while all the 12 trolley transformers are presently engaged to meet power crisis, as many as one dozen transformers are waiting to be replaced or repaired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381696", "title": "\u2018Tricolour not insulted by Team Anna\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police told a trial court on Thursday that \"no disrespect to the dignity and honour of the national flag was shown or committed\" by Anna Hazare and his team during their anti-corruption protest last year.Submitting its status report before metropolitan magistrate Anil Kumar , the police said, \"There may be instances of inadvertent and unintentional disrespect towards the flag but certainly, deliberate and intentional disrespect towards the Tricolour by the alleged persons has not been not established from the content of the complaint.\"The police's report came in response to a complaint filed by advocate Ravinder Kumar accusing Hazare and his team of insulting the Tricolour during the anti-graft protest. The complaint sought registration of an FIR against Hazare, Kiran Bedi, Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and six others for allegedly disrespecting the Tricolour.The report by Kamala Market police station house officer said, \"jubilant display of the national flag by a citizen on a particular event is a universal practice. It depicts patriotic feelings of the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11382256", "title": "Doomsday wishlist: Sunil wants to drive mom, dad in Lamborghini", "text": "LUDHIANA: Like many other youngsters his age, Sunil Rana, 20, of Jamalpur wants the best of all the worlds that matter to him if the world has to come to an end in 2012.Fond of travelling, Sunil has a world tour on top of his wishlist. \"The first thing I would do is get a loan from my bank and go for a world tour. The world is not enough but if asked to chose a few places I would certainly visit Spain, Australia, deserts and beaches in Rio De Janiero,'' he said.The second on his list is marrying Priyanka Chopra . The BCA-III student said he likes the actor's body and smile a lot and has seen most of her movies.Next on the list is a Lamborghini- a childhood dream that Sunil wants out of his posters on to the street. \"I would love to take my parents and would-be wife for a drive in a Lamborghini if I have it,'' he said.His last wish proves his connect to the land of Punjabis. \"I wish to try all vegetarian cuisine of the world. I like Chinese and Italian cuisine a lot and would love to try others too, said Sunil, who is equally greedy for 'makki di roti and sason da saag'.\"My mother prepares the best Punjabi food in the world,'' said Sunil.The last among his wishes before he meets doomsday is to visit the best bungee jumping location of the world. \"I wish to go to Angeles National Forest in Los Angeles , Costa Rica, Sunshine Coast in Queensland, Australia and to the UK Bungee Club for the best of bungee jumping experience. A trek to Himalaya would follow as it provides the best trekking experience in the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11381925", "title": "In this half-marathon on Jan 29, all are winners", "text": "MANGALORE: This will be one sports event where even the last finisher will take home a medal and also be able to download a certificate indicating the time taken to complete the race.The winners in respective categories no doubt will take home a bigger purse than just a medal, and runners from Dakshina Kannada district will have the added incentive of knowing that they are eligible for special cash prize if they finish in the top three among local competitors.The first edition of Nitte Celebration Mangalore half-marathon and 10K that Bangalore-based sports Management Company - Life is Calling - is organising with support from Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project here on January 29 will see runners - both local and even international run toe to toe to claim top honours. Local cultural troupes that will perform on the flanks of the race route are expected to add to the overall charm of the event.After successfully hosting an event of similar nature in Mysore in October, Life is Calling has since zeroed in on this coastal city to give athletes here a flavour of what top notch marathon racing is all about. PB Mithra, director (operations), Life is Calling said, \"Bangalore has more than its fair share of such sporting events, and hence we decided to focus on tier II and tier III cities. Mysore was first, Mangalore second and more cities will follow,\" Mithra said.With online registration facility available at www.celebrationrun.com, Mithra said organisers are getting feelers from Ethiopian and Kenyan runners to participate in the event. Registration will close on January 22, he said, adding the racer kits will be distributed to the participants on January 27 and 28 at Panambur beach. There is also a 5-kms celebration run/walk in the non-competitive category to give people a chance to be part of this sporting event.Yatish Bykampady, CEO, Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project said celebration run/walk will give people a chance to explore the beauty of the beach as the last lap of their run will be on the seashore. Mithra said Life is Calling is open to having a 'Sunburn festival' on the lines of what is held in Goa as suggested by Yathish.The entry fee for half-marathon is Rs 750, 10 km Rs 550, 5 km celebration run/walk Rs 200 and for senior citizens Rs 150.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11382290", "title": "Police hunt for stone-pelter", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The case of stone pelting on the Harbour line, which cost railway police constable Deepak Jadhav his life, is likely to be the handiwork of a teenager, police believe.Police officials in plainclothes made rounds of the stretch between Seawoods and Belapur stations on Thursday, where Jadhav (28) had been hit on January 2. He died two days later at Vashi's MGM Hospital.\"We are inquiring about the whereabouts of youngsters who play in the vicinity,\" a police official said. to commute and might have spotted the culprit. Labourers working at construction sites on both sides of the tracks where Jadhav was hit and tea vendors are also being questioned. \"Both, construction workers and tea vendors, leave for home by 7 pm. But Jadhav was attacked around 7.30 pm, so there's not much possibility of their having seen anything amiss,\" the official said.Jadhav's autopsy report showed that he had suffered from a cardiac arrest at the hospital. \"Jadhav had suffered from a heart attack after being injured. There was also excessive bleeding,\" said a GRP official.Jadhav was first admitted to the MGM Hospital in CBD-Belapur. Due to the cardiac complication, he was shifted to the Kalamboli branch of the MGM Hospital and later transferred to MGM (Vashi) Hospital for an angioplasty. But he died on Wednesday morning.Jadhav is survived by his widow, Priyanka, whom he had married less than a year ago, an aged mother and two younger brothers.His family took his body from their Kamothe residence to their native place near Pune, where his last rites were carried out on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386529", "title": "Fun time for stars at Rajib\u2019s film shooting", "text": "Rajib is happy with the progress of his untitled film with Prosenjit Chatterjee and Richa Gangopadhyay.Says the director, \"With Bumbada (Prosenjit) around on the sets, things become easier. He is involved in the minutest of details, be it selection of a shooting zone to zeroing in on the title of the film. And Richa is a director's actor. She will follow the director's instructions to the T.\"Last Tuesday, the unit had a blast while shooting with kids. \"Though filming with children is a little tiring, I am a master at the game. After all, I am used to handling kids at home - Jhinuk and Srabanti (Rajib's wife),\" jokes Rajib and adds, \"Oshmi, the child artiste, who plays Bumbada's daughter in the film, got hurt by a trolley but after she was administered first aid, she was back to shooting. A brave girl, indeed!\"Prosenjit, who is fond of kids in real life too, had a nice time shooting with so many child artistes on the sets. \"It's always fun to shoot with kids as the whole atmosphere changes with the little ones around. We had a line which goes like - \"Sob godyer ektai podyo, pa theke matha chotke choddo\" - the kids couldn't stop laughing,\" said the Tollywood badshah, who is having a blast shooting for this masala flick after a long time.He also added, \"Srijit (Mukherji) too dropped in on the sets to discuss his next with me. I like this trend. Though Rajib and Srijit make different films there is unity between the two of them. For me, it's work paired with adda and fun on the sets.\"Richa, who marks her Tolly debut with Rajib's film, can't stop praising the kids. \"I love to shoot with children and I'm thoroughly enjoying the experience in my first Bengali outing. The ambience is so chilled out. It feels like I am working with a family. I'm learning a lot from Rajibda, who is very creative and is guiding me all the way. Bumbada, on the other hand, is very serious and passionate about his work, but at the same time he is extremely fun-loving. There are many pranks that are being played on the sets and we all are having a good time,\" says the actor.From the way things are shaping up, it looks like masti unlimited!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chevella (ranga reddy)", "code": "11382381", "title": "Not a single gas agency in Jaipal\u2019s Chevella", "text": "CHEVELLA (RANGA REDDY): It may sound strange but Chevella, represented by Union minister for petroleum and natural gas S Jaipal Reddy, does not have a single gas agency of its own. Because of this, over 25,000 residents of the town are having a harrowing time to get cylinder gas supplies.What more, the high- profile constituency is represented by home minister P Sabita Indra Reddy in the state assembly. The residents cry foul as to why Chevella has been denied a gas agency though the constituency is `home' to two ministers at the Centre and the state.Curiously, the bustling Ranga Reddy district has 52 gas agencies but there is not even one gas agency in Chevella. Hindustan Petroleum gas agency in neighbouring Shankarpalli caters to the needs of Chevella, Moinabad and Nawabpet mandals. Previously, Chevella used to get gas supplies from Shamshabad. \"We have a Union petroleum minister representing our constituency but it does not have a gas agency. The situation demands immediate intervention of the authorities concerned,\" S Srinivas Goud, a local of Chevella, said.Regular timeframe set for supply of a cylinder gas in this area is 21 days after the booking. Due to pressure on a single agency to cater to four mandals, the supply is crippled and delayed. As a result customers get the gas fill almost 45 days after the booking.Official sources said that for a population of 25,000 granting at least one gas agency shouldn't be a problem. Mandals like Tandur and Parigi do not encounter this problem as they are considered as urban zones. Chevella along with Moinabad mandals, which have about 50,000 population each, are still considered as rural belts. \"If a single supplier is finding it difficult to cater to the needs gas consumers, the petroleum minister should intervene immediately as he represents Chevella in the Lok Sabha,\" Chevella MLA K S Ratnam said.Seven assembly constituencies fall under Chevella parliamentary constituency. \"Even though there is gas supply problem in the district, supply has improved in some mandals. We will look into the demand of the Chevella residents,\" district civil supplies officer Narasimha Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11381921", "title": "Filling the gap between doctor and patient", "text": "CHENNAI: After reading about Monday's murder of a woman doctor in Tuticorin, a well-known physician in Chennai, with over 60 years of practice, wanted to believe the incident was an exception. But deep down, he knew the doctor-patient relationship had hit a new low.The doctor, who did not wish to be named, admitted that though no doctor intended to be callous, lack of an organized healthcare system had affected the quality of care. Many patients in specialty outpatient clinics are self-referred. Family physicians are passe.\"In our days, patients were sent to specialists only on referrals. Neither did patients directly approach them nor did specialists see them without a note from family physicians,\" he said. Misdirected self-referrals have often led to misdiagnosis or needless treatment, eroding trust and replacing respect with anger and suspicion.Even today, at his clinic, the doctor spends 30 minutes to 1 hour with each patient. The consultation involves a chat about the problems, medical examination, description of the diagnosis and a feedback from the patient. During the talk, be builds the interpersonal relationship and ensures there is mutual trust. \"As you grow older you realize it does not matter how many patients you see. What matters is how well you treat them and how good they feel,\" he said.Most doctors, particularly those in government hospitals, find it impossible to spend time with patients as the clinics are overcrowded. \"Many doctors here may not spend adequate time explaining diseases, treatment or side-effects. But they don't intend to be callous. Very rarely do doctors want to harm patients,\" said Dr Dinakar Moses, who works at the Government Stanley Medical College Hospital.Some government schemes intended to help patients also put extreme pressure on doctors, says Tamil Nadu Government Doctors Association president Dr P Balakrishnan. For instance, to bring down the incidence of maternal mortality and to bridge the gap in the doctor-patient ratio in rural areas, MBBS doctors are given six months training in anesthesia and are mandated to do C-sections at PHCs. \"This is unsafe and can trigger a protest anytime,\" said Dr Balakrishnan.The poor doctor-patient ratio has made most doctors business-like. At times, they even debate on whether they should risk their careers by giving first aid or life-saving treatment for diseases that aren't their specialty.Orthopaedician and former Indian Journal of Medical Ethics editor Dr George Thomas said doctors were often devastated over the loss of patients. \"Doctors top the suicide list, world over. In addition, society has itself become violent. People who believe they have not been given adequate care often attack the doctor or the hospital. Doctors aren't gods. In some situations, death occurs, no matter whether you care or not,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382937", "title": "NCP fears 'March loot' in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) national general secretary Tariq Anwar has charged the BJP and JD-U with maintaining double standards as they demand amendment to the Lokpal bill in Parliament while their government in Bihar has not been able to free the Lokayukta of government interference.Talking to the newsmen here on Thursday, Anwar said representatives of the state government would dominate the committee that would appoint Lokayukta. The Bihar Lokayukta Act provides that only the full body of the Lokayukta institution can probe the corruption charges against the chief minister or any member of his cabinet while in the Lokpal Bill, there is a provision of two-thirds majority which is more credible, he said.Anwar said the BJP's agenda against corruption was exposed when it allowed a former tainted BSP minister to join the party in UP. Stating that the NDA government in Bihar could not spend even one-thirds of the plan allocation so far in the financial year 2011-12, he feared \"March loot\" of the funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383670", "title": "CAT results to be declared on January 11", "text": "MUMBAI: The results of the Common Admission Test 2011 will be out on January 11. Close to 1.85 lakh students took the CAT, the most being from New Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Pune.Male students formed the majority-close to 70%-of those who took the CAT. The test had two sections instead of three earlier and students were given 70 minutes to answer each of them.Once the results are out on the CAT website, the Indian Institutes of Management will announce the dates for the next rounds of admission.Most of the IIMs have done away with group discussion and replaced it with a written essay test, followed by a personal interview.Over time, the importance placed on the CAT scores has reduced and the importance given to non-engineers and work experience has gone up. This year, gender correction is also on the cards.All six new IIMs and the ones at Lucknow and Kozhikode feel it's time to rebalance the gender scales in office spaces. So, while IIM-Rohtak will give 20 marks to each girl and another 20 to a non-engineer, IIM-Raipur will add 30 marks to the overall scores of each girl non-engineer . IIM-Lucknow has decided to grant five marks to each girl and two to nonengineers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383176", "title": "Political mud-slinging upsets Kazi Nazrul's family", "text": "KOLKATA: She is 76-year-old, widowed 37 years ago. She is the daughter-in-law of Kazi Nazrul Islam. If Kalyani Kazi had her way, she would have steered clear of the debate over renaming Indira Bhavan and continue working with her children quietly to preserve the legacy of the poet. But Kalyani has been made a member of newly formed Nazrul Academy, chaired by poet Joy Goswami.And today she is sad and hurt. \"We never asked for anything. We don't want this political mud-slinging. Isn't Kazi Nazrul Islam above all these? I was really grateful when Mamata Banerjee proposed to set up a Nazrul Academy here in Kolkata. We thought at least something would be done. It always pained us to think that while Bangladesh could do so much for him, he remained forgotten here in his birthplace,\" she told TOI.\"We'd never asked anything from anybody. After the death of my husband (Kazi Aniruddha) in 1974, my children and I have been trying to keep his legacy alive. If someone comes forward, we thought, it would only help our effort,\" she said.\"But in the name of Nazrul Academy, the political mud-slinging has deeply hurt me. Nazrul doesn't deserve it. Nor do we. An academy, after all, didn't make a difference all these years - its absence too will not make any. Nazrul will continue to be in our hearts. I still can't get over the fact that a politician (I will not name him) tried to suggest he is a Muslim poet. Such things only come from ignorance. Nazrul was above religion, he wrote that, he married outside religion and accepted me (a Hindu) as his daughter-in-law. I still remember in the aftermath of Babri demolition, these politicians were the first to lip his creations to foster love among communities. Nazrul perhaps realized this, which was also reflected in his writings,\" she said. \"I respect Indira Gandhi as a person. I also respect Mamata. This has nothing to do with politics,\" she said.\"It also pains me to see that people who know Nazrul, have recited his poems or sung his songs, have chosen to remain silent over it. I expected that intellectuals, who've often hit the streets in protest, will speak out against this blatant abuse in the name of Nazrul.\" A politician, she adds, pointed out that we've been given land. \"In 1967, the United Front government had given the poet a place to stay (off VIP Road). Nazrul was very ill then. The papers are with us. Why is it being made an issue? Did we ask anything from anyone?\" she said.Anindita Kazi, Kalyani's daughter, too feels very strongly about it. \"This is very sad. Kazi Nazrul Islam still is very contemporary. This needs to be told to the present generation. That is our only intention. And now, he has been reduced to an issue of a political squabble. This hurts. Nazrul himself has no expectations from anybody. What pains us more is the silence of people who knew him better. Why hasn't a single intellectual protested this inane bickering over the poet? And why this discussion on his religion? Nazrul is above it. His life and work bear testimony to it,\" she says.Kazi Anirban, her brother, also felt the same. Anirban, incidentally, is giving shape to a rare collection of Nazrul's works (to be released in the Kolkata Book Fair) to which Amartya Sen has penned a foreword.The Nazrul Academy was among the first steps taken by Mamata after she came to power. This was modeled in the Nazrul Institute in Bangladesh. Bangladesh, where Nazrul is the national poet, had passed an ordinance - Nazrul Institute Ordinance in on June 12, 1984 - for this.The Institute is housed in Dhaka's Kabi Bhavan. And here, the academy now works out of a makeshift office in Rabindra Sadan's first floor. Joy Goswami said they'd approached the government for an office and if possible a space which could be turned into a repository for Nazrul's works. Kalpana was made a member of this academy.Misti Kazi, daughter of Nazrul's elder son Kazi Sabyasachi, met chief minister Mamata Banerjee this afternoon. Misti said, \"We are grateful to her that something is being done after all this years. But the politics is unwanted. I have made a request to her to renovate and preserve the CIT Road home where Nazrul last stayed (before moving to Dhaka). I have been told the Urban Development department will look into it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383867", "title": "Ferreira walk free, cops fear others may follow", "text": "NAGPUR: Arun Ferreira's episode can serve as an eye-opener for the state government. The alleged Naxal ideologue, who was once dubbed as a 'prize catch, had to be freed from the Nagpur central jail earlier this week after the security agencies seemed to have ran out of both cases and ideas to keep the so-called dreaded left-wing extremist behind the bars.With Ferreira already gone until another fresh charge is levied against him, following acquittal in 10 cases and bailed in another one, the security agencies may soon witness the walking out of several others incarcerated like him.It is reliably learnt that Chandramouli Oge, alias Madanlal, arrested from Ganeshpeth, already has been acquitted in more than 30 cases. Ashok Satya Reddy, alias Murli, arrested in May 2007 along with Ferreira and two others from Deekshabhoomi, also have been acquitted in more than 10 cases.Sources in the prosecution said that the security agencies are almost reeling pressure to keep these so-called Naxal top cadres behind bars with their acquittals in maximum cases.Ferreira's counsel and activist of Indian Association of People's Lawyers (IAPL) Surendra Gadling said that such tactics of arresting mindlessly under false charges and keeping people in jail without any evidence is a sheer violation of one's rights.\"Anyone challenging the government policies are being repressed by arresting them under different charges, keeping them behind bars fabricating false evidences and denying them fair trial,\" said Gadling.\"Judicial precedents clearly show that subscribing to any ideology cannot be an offence. Even being part of a banned organization cannot constitute an offence until there is any direct evidence of any serious involvement. One cannot be prosecuted for a belief he or she may nurture,\" he said.Despite their repeated attempts to retain him in custody, even to the extent of adopting questionable tactics like forcibly whisking away from the gate of the central jail despite being acquitted by courts in nine different cases, Ferreira walked away leaving the security agencies merely gaping at their own failed efforts.The security agencies' seemingly half-hearted efforts like arresting with far-fetched evidences led dual damage.Nitin Sambre, principle government pleader, high court, said that the problem is inherent in the prevailing system. \"In India, we first arrest and then try to collect evidence in a given period. In foreign counties, it's exactly the opposite,\" said Sambre.\"I don't think that we have a full-proof system to protect our eyewitnesses. We cannot drive away the fear in the minds of the witnesses,\" he said.Sambre also said that when it is difficult to get direct evidence then efforts must be made to collect circumstantial evidences.Ferreira's counsels not only got opportunity to drag the state government and officials posted at key positions to court seeking compensation and also urging action against them, it also led to the loss of credibility of the security agencies who could not prove their cases but kept accused behind bars for long durations.Former district government pleader P K Sathianathan said concrete evidence is required for detention of anyone be it Naxalites or any other citizen. \"No authorities can violate the provision of law whatever may be the reason. Law does not exonerate anyone from following the procedure of law,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11384080", "title": "Spurt in gross enrolment ratio raises question", "text": "NEW DELHI: It has been decided to curtail the higher education cycle to five years from the existing six-year cycle. The jump in Gross Enrolment Ratio (GER) currently pegged at 17.2% from 12.5% at the beginning of 11th Plan has been ascribed to the new method of calculation.But even as the Planning Commission's sub-group that was tasked to put the GER issue to rest by arriving at a standardized procedure is working for acceptance of the new formula, NSSO's 2009-10 data on employment showing GER of 27.7% has caused consternation about its efficacy. Economist Ravi Srivastava, who is part of Plan panel's sub-group and has worked on political economy of education for long, has raised questions about NSSO's 2009-10 data and also written to the organization asking how did the attendance (NSSO does not call it enrolment) grow from 17.8 million in 2004-05 - the previous survey on employment - to 31.8 million in 2009-10.As for arriving at the five-year higher education cycle, Srivastava explains that as per the UNESCO's International System of Classification for Education, there are six stages of education. While stage one to three relates to school education, stage four is about vocational education and stages five and six are in the realm of higher education. Srivastava says the strict view is to include only stages five and six in higher education but in broader definition - endorsed by the HRD ministry - even stage four is included provided that diploma/certification course is of not less than one year. \"What should get into stages four to six is still being looked into,\" Srivastava says. He also explained that five years is an ideal cycle since all mainstream undergraduate-postgraduate or engineering or medical courses get completed within this timeframe.Srivastava's basic problem with 27.7% GER - as shown by NSSO data on employment of 2009-10 - is that it talks of big leap at a time when there was a slowdown in technical education. \"We cannot question only the GER aspect of the data, but also the labour force data since the survey was about employment. Still 60% increase in attendance is questionable. The jury is still out,\" he says.Within NSSO, the view is that increase in GER has been due to double weightage given to urban areas. NSSO sources say more reliable data on GER is its 64th round survey on education conducted in 2007-08, which had projected the figure at over 17%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11382334", "title": "Corporators to double as garbage contractors", "text": "BANGALORE: Not a single contractor is bidding for solid waste management contracts in the city. An embarrassed BBMP has now decided to entrust the job to ward corporators who will get the muck cleared through piecemeal method.\"As contractors haven't come forward, we decided to go for piecemeal work across all 198 wards. If there are no takers for the Rs 410-crore project, we corporators will have to work like contractors. At the end of the day people will blame us if garbage is not cleared,\" deputy mayor S Harish said on Thursday.Rubbishing remarks by Padmanabha Reddy (JDS) that BBMP had not called for tenders and there was a Rs 121-crore scam, Harish said: \"Where can we pile up the garbage when no contractors are ready to bid for the project. Corporators across parties have agreed to the idea.\"Reddy said he would file an affidavit with the Lokayukta next week on this issue. \"Deputy mayor Harish is misguiding mediapersons. Officials and contractors are hand in glove and not transparent on solid waste management work,\" he claimed.ContractorspeakGarbage contractors have a different take on it. \"We will definitely participate in the bidding which closes on January 18. But there are some technical glitches in the tender notification which calls it a 'Request for proposal'. This is generally for voluntary work which can be taken up by private agencies. Surprisingly, in the notification, there's no estimated cost quoted. Officials say contractors can quote their own estimates, which is vague and not a professional approach in allotment of public works,\" said a leading contractor who handles solid waste management in Shivajinagar, KR Market, Shanthinagar and CV Raman Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "11382041", "title": "Rail blockade by BKU Lokhowal at 16 poll-bound Sangrur areas", "text": "SANGRUR: Demanding acceptance of Swaminathan committee recommendations while fixing prices of crops, the farmer organization BKU Lakhowal brought movement of trains to a grinding halt at 16 places across poll-bound Punjab. Train services were badly affected on the Bathinda-Ambala section due to rail blockade at Dhuri railway junction in Sangrur.The blockade also came under political shadow as the Congressmen accused the farmer union intentionally indulging in blockade to put the blame at Congress-led Union government for all the ills, as the farmer union owes its allegiance to ruling Shiromai Akali Dal.More than dozen trains running between Bathinda-Ambala section along with Amritsar-Dadar express running via Dhuri and trains on Ludhiana-Hisar running through Dhuri were disturbed. The blockade having started at 11.30 continued till 4pm.Farmer union president Ajmer Singh Lakhowal talking to the TOI over phone said: \"As the eminent agricultural economist MS Swaminathan had advocated the fixing of prices of crops by keeping the cost of production in mind. He had asked the Centre to ask agriculture universities to determine cost of production and fix prices by adding 50% profit\". He said by want, only this recommendation be taken into account along with all agriculturists be put into OBC quota, separate budget for agriculture and start crop insurance.Congress leader Kewal Singh said:\" Farmer organization is hitting out only at Congress-led UPA government on the insistence of SAD as union president Ajmer Singh Lakhowal, being as Punjab marketing board chairman is aligned to SAD. The union wants SAD to get political mileage out of protest by labeling Congress being anti farmer\".Lakhowal denying the blockade being politically motivated said:\" The rail traffic has not been blocked only in Punjab but in other states as well\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11381974", "title": "Help enhance job skills of youth: Moily", "text": "MANGALORE: Captains of industries rather than moan on quality of graduates coming out from Indian universities and their non-employability should strive to enhance their capabilities in order to make them employable, Union corporate affairs minister M Veerappa Moily said here on Thursday. Observation of former Infosys chief Narayan Murthy that only 25 percent of Indian youths are employable is wrong reflection of their inherent capabilities.Moily, presiding over valedictory function of two-day coastal business development summit organized by FKCCI, referring to the recent job mela organised by him in Chikballapur, his constituency, said, \"20,000 youths from this rural district registered online. A little bit of brushing up of their skills saw most of the participants get good offers,\" he said, adding it is this area of skill development and enhancement that industries must look forward to.Exhorting stake holders in development to be part of solution and not problems, Moily said industrialisation is the only way to provide jobs to the vast manpower in the country. \"The process however should not come at the cost of compromising on environmental and pollution laws,\" he said.Reiterating his anguish at a move by the state government to denotify land acquired for the second phase of Mangalore SEZ, Moily said SEZ across India have proved to be engines of growth. Out of the 583 SEZs for which formal approval has been given, 381 have been notified and 143 are operational, he said, adding that MSEZ is expected to contribute Rs 46,500 crore by investment in DK and create direct employment to 2 lakh youths here.Hitting out at industrial head honchos who have been harping about 'policy paralyses that they claim has gripped UPA-II, Moily said the FDI/FII investments that India has been receiving belie this fact. As against $ 26 billion FDI/FII investment in 2009-10, India has received FDI/FII investment of $32.13 billion during the current fiscal; he said adding that India on better side of the demographic divide should encash on this investor confidence.Delays undermining importance of LokayuktaAny further delay in appointing Lokayukta in Karnataka will grossly undermine the importance of this anti-corruption institution.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda must take the lead to come up with alternatives to S R Bannurmath, former judge of Kerala High Court to the post, since he is embroiled in a controversy and it is not correct to appoint such a person to this post, Moily said.Moily said, \"I have respect for Bannurmath, and he is a good friend of mine. However, given that there is controversy surrounding him, the state government should immediately chose any of the former judges of Supreme Court or chief justice of state high courts, who are from Karnataka and appoint them along with officers of proven integrity to the institution,\" he noted.Delay in appointment of Lokayukta will lead to laxity in the anti-corruption steps taken by the Lokayukta to reign in corruption in the state, Moily said, adding that the reputation of Karnataka as being in the forefront of having an effective Lokayukta too will diminish. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11382860", "title": "EPIC at doorstep for new voters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district election officers are all set to distribute EPIC (Electoral Photo Identity Card) to new voters after the enrolment of more than nine lakh voters in the voters' list. While the highest numbers of voters have been from City North (22.62) assembly segment, officials are making arrangements to offer the EPIC to the new voters at their doorstep.Pointedly, 1.81 lakh voters have been added in city south, city north and city west assembly segments alone and this includes about 70 % strength of new age voters in city areas.However, people who have completed 18 years of age on January 1 this year or those who are left due to unwanted reasons, can also approach the district election office and get their names enrolled before January 12. These people should contact the concerned election office so that they would be awarded with EPIC on January 25 which is marked as National Voters Day. The people can also apply online to get their names enrolled.As per information available, around 70,379 new voters have been added in city north assembly segment while 69,569 new voters have also been added in city south assembly segment. Similarly, around 64,671 new voters have been added in city west assembly segment , while Phulpur (63,573), Meja (61,129) ,Handia ( 57,928) , Soraon ( 55,953) and Phaphamau ( 50,694)assembly segments have got new voters. Besides, Pratappur and Bara assembly segments have also added 45,116 and 46,843 new voters. Here, around 45,395 new voters have been added in Koraon assembly segment.Officials of district election office said that around three lakh names of new voters were added before September 2010 but more than 6. 83 lakh voters names have been added between September 29 and January 2011. After the addiction of new voters, the district has now a total of 37.5 lakh voters. The district has 12 assembly segments in the district including Phaphamau, Soraon, Allahabad South, Allahabad North, Allahabad West, Handia, Phulpur, Pratappur, Meja, Bara, Handia and Koraon.ADM (Rural) Chunku Ram told TOI \" we have been making arrangements to distribute EPIC as early as possible and for that, adequate arrangements have also been made\".Officials at district election office, meanwhile, informed that the district has its population of 59.59 lakh and registration of at least 61% voters of the total population is a must.Meanwhile, District Magistrte district election officer Alok Kumar had already held a meeting with registered political parties and apprised them about the election code of conduct. The DM has also asked them to follow the same to avoid any untoward incident.DM also maintained that polling booths having 1,500 to 1.600 voters would have an additional polling offer deputed while polling booths having over 1,600 voters would have an additional polling booth set up near it. Kumar has asked the party representatives to follow the rules concerning hoardings, posters, banners and flags. He made it clear that stringent disciplinary action would be taken against the candidates found flouting the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "barnala /moga", "code": "11382097", "title": "Punjab polls: After Gill now Guru's public activities to be videographed", "text": "BARNALA /MOGA: The two babus-turned-netas are once again on the election commission's radar. After former top cop, former Punjab director general of police (DGP) Paramdeep Singh Gill, now former top bureaucrat, ex-principal secretary Darbara Singh Guru too has been put under the election commission's scanner. The commission has ordered videography of every public activity of Guru, the moment he steps out of his place in the morning for campaigning.The commission had ordered videography of all public activities of Gill on Tuesday. Earlier too both the babus had remained on the election commission's radar, while serving as DGP and principal secretary. The commission while acting on complaints had earlier asked the state government to see to it that both did not indulge in politics while they were in service. Guru is contesting from Bhadaur assembly constituency on a Shiromani Akali Dal ticket, while Gill is contesting on a SAD ticket from Moga.Barnala DC-cum-district electoral officer V N Zade while confirming the videography said, \"Working on the commission's directions, a video team has been asked to record every activity of Guru, the moment he steps out of for campaigning.\" Recently, complaints against Guru for luring voters with promises of providing jobs were filed with the commission. The commission has also asked Guru' wife Ranjit Kaur, a PCMS doctor, not to canvass for her husband, as she is a government servant.Moga district electoral officer Baldeo Purushartha said, \"Working on EC's directions, a team is out to record all the public activities of Gill through out the day. The team follows the former DGP too.\"\"The reply sent by Gill regarding the three notices issued to him for violating the model code of conduct too are under consideration and appropriate action will be taken if the SAD candidate was found guilty of intentionally violating the model code of conduct,\" he said.Earlier, many complaints had poured in during the run up to the polls against both the officers for frequently visiting Barnala and Moga areas while still in service, allegedly for political activities. The election commission taking note of complaints against both for trying to fulfill their political ambitions while serving on important positions, had asked state government to keep a check on their activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381768", "title": "Globally, 200m use illicit drugs", "text": "NEW DELHI: One in 20 people aged 15-64 years, or 200 million are using illicit drugs worldwide annually.A global study on illicit drug use, to be published in the medical journal \" Lancet\" on Friday, says there are 125-203 million cannabis, 14-56 million amphetamine, 14-21 million cocaine and 12-21 million opioid users.In south and south-east Asia , an estimated 54 lakh people use cannabis, 28 lakh opioid and another four lakh cocaine.According to World Health Organization , 250,000 deaths worldwide are due to illicit drug use compared with 2.25 million due to alcohol.Years of life lost due to drug use (2.1 million) were more than those recorded for alcohol (1.5 million), because drug deaths generally affect younger people, while alcohol deaths (and tobacco deaths) tend to affect middle-aged and senior citizens.Opioids - heroin and morphine and their synthetic analogues like methadone and fentanyl have been shown to have all four types of health effects - have the highest risks of dependence affecting perhaps one in four of lifetime users and are major contributors to premature death due to overdoses as well as accident, suicide and violence, HIV/AIDS and hepatitis.They are major contributors to disability, through dependence and chronic infections.Illicit drugs for which non-medical use has been prohibited by international drug control treaties for half a century because they are believed to present unacceptable risks of addiction to users.International control has since been extended from plant-based drugs - heroin, cocaine, and cannabis - to synthetic drugs, such as amphetamines and methylenedioxymetamfetamine (MDMA) and pharmaceutical drugs such as buprenorphine, methadone, and benzodiazepines.A systematic review of data for the prevalence of injecting drug use suggested that, worldwide, 11-21 million people injected drugs in 2007. Injecting drug use has been documented in 151 countries and its prevalence has been estimated in 61 National estimates varied from 0\u00b702% of people aged 15-64 years in India and Cambodia , to typically 1%-2% in Mauritius , Russia , Malaysia . Russia, China, and the US accounted for more than 40% of the estimated population of injecting drug users (IDUs) worldwide.In 2009, UNODC estimated that there were 15-39 million problem drug users globally (IDUs or problem users of opioids and cocaine).Professor Louisa Degenhardt, National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre, University of New South Wales, has conducted the study.Individual risk factors for drug abuse include being male, the personality traits of novelty and sensation seeking, conduct disorders in childhood, and poor school performance, low commitment to education and early school leaving.Affiliating with antisocial and drug-using peers is one of the strongest predictors of adolescent alcohol and other drug use that operates independently of individual and family risk factors. Young people who initiate substance use at an early age are often exposed to many social and family disadvantages, come from families with problems and a history of parental substance use, are impulsive, have performed poorly at school, and are affiliated with delinquent peers.\"Young people with many of these risk factors start alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drug use at an early age,\" the authors said.The study says cannabis use is associated with dependence and mental disorders, including psychoses, but does not seem to substantially increase mortality. Illicit opioid use is a major cause of mortality from fatal overdose and dependence. HIV, Hepatitis C , and Hepatitis B infections from unsafe injection practices are important consequences in people who inject opioids, cocaine, or amphetamines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11383058", "title": "Stop illegal constructions immediately, says HC", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the Lucknow Development Authority and district police to stop unauthorised constructions raised or being raised against the sanctioned building plan or without any plan and take action against the erring person in accordance with law.\"We take notice of the fact that the cases of unauthorised constructions ie making of floors over and above the sanctioned building plan has become frequent, a deviation which has been done while raising constructions sometimes after having sanctioned building plan and sometime without having the sanctioned plan, but the officers of LDA and that of the police keep their eyes shut and do not take any action as per rules,\" observed the court.A bench of Justice Pradeep Kant and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi has also summoned the LDA vicechairman on January 11 to apprise the court about the steps taken to check such constructions. The order came on a petition of Gokhale Vihar Marg Resident Welfare Society.The court also summoned the report from the LDA authorities on the allegations that despite court's order, unauthorised construction is being raised at Gokhale Marg. Scattered growth of buildings in haphazard manner affects the ecological balance and also violates the rules, bylaws and statutory provisions, which are necessarily to be followed while making constructions, said the court. \"LDA is directed to ensure complete stoppage of constructions, which are being made unauthorisedly in multi-storied buildings,\" observed the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381736", "title": "Auto Expo causes traffic snarls, many cars fined", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic congestion was reported in central Delhi on Thursday on the inaugural day of the auto expo. The traffic congestion continued from 9am to about 1pm as cars blocked both carriageways outside Pragati Maidan, the expo venue. Many people also showed up to catch a glimpse of actors Amitabh Bachchan and Katrina Kaif .\"We had to tow away many cars as people blocked the carriageways causing jams. Many had placed their vehicles on Purana Qila Road, leading to congestion. This was despite having told vehicle owners that improper parking will not be tolerated. However, this took place primarily in the morning when the expo was beginning and once we began to tow away vehicles, the problem was solved,\" said a senior traffic police officer of the area.Even people taking alternative routes to avoid the mess were affected. Commuters complained of remaining stuck in slow moving traffic in the afternoon even near the Oberoi flyover.The expo, which started on Thursday and will continue till Wednesday, is expected to cause traffic congestion on Mathura Road, Bhairon Marg, Ring Road, Sher Shah Road and Purana Qila Road. Traffic police has advised commuters not going to the expo to take alternative routes.Traffic cops warned that no vehicle would be allowed to halt or park anywhere on Mathura Road and Bhairon Marg. There will also be no parking by visitors on Sher Shah Road and Purana Qila Road, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383680", "title": "No CET, only central test for MBA aspirants", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 1 lakh students will heave a sigh of relief as the state technical education directorate has decided to scrap the Common Entrance Test ( CET) for admission to the twoyear MBA/MMS programme in the state.From 2013, admission to colleges like Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies and Sydenham Institute of Management Studies will be based on percentile scored by students in the centrally conducted Common Management Admission Test (CMAT).While the All India Council of Technical Education started CMAT from this academic year, several states will be adapting to the new testing pattern. A notification to this effect was issued by the Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) in Maharashtra on December 28 along with the announcement of the rescheduled dates for this year's exam. The notification stated that \"the admissions to first year of two-year full time AICTE-approved MBA/MMS/PGDM courses from the academic year 2013-14 will be carried out through CMAT merit list only conducted by AICTE\" .DTE director S K Mahajan said, \"We will get a separate merit list for the state. It is for the benefit of the students. There were around 96,000 students who applied for 35,500 seats for all post-graduate management courses in the state last year. We are yet to decide on the details of the admission process once we start using CMAT scores.\"AICTE chairman S S Mantha said, \"Most states are on board with us. The state machinery does not move at a faster pace, which is why it is taking time. Some states have agreed to give admissions on the basis of CMAT scores even this year.\" The universites of Kerala and Rajasthan have accepted CMAT, according to the official website.Candidates may get more time to fill the online application forms for CMAT. S S Mantha, chairman of AICTE, said: \"The last date for CMAT registration was January 9. However, with elections scheduled on the same date in some of the states, we are planning to extend the deadline. There might be a grace period of 10-12 days that we can afford.\" A decision to this effect is yet to be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382698", "title": "Be ready for more such days ahead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents should remain prepared to brave fog and mercury drop in the next couple of days. Meteorological officials have predicted dense fog in this region, especially during late night and early morning hours in the city and neighbouring towns.Fog had reduced the visibility level on roads to less than 50 metres, forcing vehicles to move at snail's pace at various places in the city. However, at some places visibility was also reduced to nearly zero during early morning hours.\"Dense fog will prevail in Chandigarh and in surrounding areas in the subsequent days. Though there is a possibility of drizzling or light showers at some places but it will not bring any respite from fog,\" a senior met official told TOI.He added, \"We have registered a rise in the maximum temperature on Thursday, as compared to previous days. But mercury will further dip in the next couple of days. Snowfall in Himachal Pradesh and in Jammu &amp; Kashmir will cause cold winds to blow which will bring down the temperature further.\"City recorded a maximum temperature of 19.8 degrees celsius on Thursday. This was nearly 2.6 degrees more than Wednesday's temperature (17.2 degrees). Minimum temperature settled at 8.8 degrees C.According to meteorological department's forecast, atmosphere will remain cloudy for the next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11387901", "title": "Pak fears economic isolation as relations with US sour", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's deteriorating relations with the United States may bring it international isolation on the economic front, Pakistan's finance minister Abdul Hafeez Sheikh on Friday told the parliamentary committee tasked by the government to review bilateral terms with the US.Pakistan-US relations steadily declined in the beginning of 2011 after CIA contractor Raymond Davis killed two Pakistani nationals in Lahore. This was followed by the US raid that killed Osama Bin Laden in Abbottabad in May. The NATO-ISAF incursion in November in the Mohmand tribal region which killed 24 Pakistani soldiers brought the ties to an all-time low with Islamabad freezing the visa regime and transit facilities and the US freezing the military aid to Pakistan.\"There are some shocks Pakistan can absorb but there are others it can't,\" Abdul Hafeez Sheikh was quoted as telling members of the Parliamentary Committee on National Security (PCNS).\"A single incident must not determine our relations with the US,\" Sheikh said while referring to the steps taken by the government following the Nato aerial strikes. \"Any decision should be taken while keeping in mind the multidimensional paradigm of security, prosperity of the country and economic diplomacy,\" he said.Briefing the members of PCNS, Sheikh warned that Washington might use its influence over international financial institutions to hurt the country's economic interests. \"It is not about American aid but its clout over the IMF, World Bank and other financial institutions that can pose a real challenge for us.\"Shiekh briefed the 17-member committee in detail about the possible implications the country may face in the event of a move to pull out of the US alliance. The committee recently said that the basis of the new relationship should be conditional on the agreement to transfer civil nuclear technology to Pakistan.The committee has finalised the draft recommendations and forwarded them to the defence and foreign ministries for their input. The government will then present the committee's proposals before a joint session of Parliament to seek its approval. The joint sitting is expected to be convened in mid-January.The review is being closely watched by local and international observers since it is meant to reshape Pakistan's relations with the US and more significantly have a major impact on the Afghan endgame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381522", "title": "Army chief backs off, compromise in the works", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with a tough government stand, General V K Singh has for now backed off from his earlier threat of taking his battle with the defence ministry over his date of birth (DoB) row to court.With the Army chief's \"tactical retreat'' on the festering controversy, the prospects of ``a compromise formula'' being worked out have brightened. It will revolve around the government ensuring Gen Singh's ``honour and integrity'' are protected, even as he retires on May 31 as scheduled. A post-retirement sinecure as a governor or an ambassador for Gen Singh could also be in the offing, said sources.Striking a conciliatory note before he left for Myanmar on a five-day trip on Thursday morning, Gen Singh said there was ``no controversy, rift or confrontation'' between him and MoD. ``There are only some perceptional differences,'' he said, adding that the ``thought'' of seeking legal recourse by going to court ``has not occurred to me yet''.Rejecting what has been billed as a larger tussle between the Army and the politico-bureaucratic combine in some quarters, Gen Singh said, ``It's totally a personal issue...something which concerns me, not the rest of the Army.''The fact, however, remains that the civilian-military rift in MoD has been accentuated by the DoB controversy. While Navy and IAF modernization plans are largely on track, many of Army's plans have been derailed or delayed over the last one year. Promotion boards of senior ranks in the 1.13-million strong force have also been unusually held up.Gen Singh's apparent climb down came after the government made it clear that ``rules are rules'' and he could not \"seek changes\" at the fag end of his career, something which has been repeatedly emphasized by the Supreme Court.Consequently, MoD will stick to its decision, which came after seeking the law ministry and attorney general's opinions, that Gen Singh's DoB will stand at ``May 10, 1950'', and not ``May 10, 1951'' as he wants.MoD, as earlier reported by TOI, has begun the process to announce Gen Singh's successor - the current Eastern Army commander Lt-Gen Bikram Singh - two months before Gen Singh retires on May 31, as per the long-standing convention.In the remote possibility that Gen Singh's year of birth gets settled at 1951, then present Northern Army commander Lt-Gen K T Parnaik will take over the reins of the force since the former will continue in office till March 2013. A Service chief can serve for three years or up to the age of 62, whichever is earlier, as per the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386601", "title": "Locket to play a corporate", "text": "Locket Chatterjee has been roped in by director Partho Sen to play the lead in his next, titled \" Baluka Bela Dot Kom\".\"The film is a full-on comedy where I play a married woman who works in a corporate set-up. The couple goes to Gopalpur for their honeymoon and from there the film from takes a turn,\" informs Locket.The actor who has just completed shooting for Subrata Sen's \"Koyekti Meyer Golpo\" can't stop praising the director and the film. \"With five girls (Raima, Mumtaz, Parno, Tanusree and I) on the sets, we had a blast while shooting for \"KMG\". I essay the role of a leader of an escort service in this film. I must admit that I haven't played such a versatile role till date.Tanusree and I appear in an item song in the film, which is shot in a nightclub. We literally danced to glory while shooting for this song,\" smiled the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11382616", "title": "Have Egusi soup or Lebanese salad", "text": "BANGALORE: A Nigerian patient? He can look forward to Egusi soup while in hospital here. International cuisines, the recipe for patients' speedy recovery, are on the menu of big hospitals. They serve from Arabic to Australian and from Maldivian to Nigerian cuisine along with Indian menu. Almost every corporate hospital in the city is serving Arabic and Nigerian cuisine as large number of patients come from these two countries.A step forward towards increasing the goodwill of medical tourism, many big hospitals offer international cuisines to make their foreign patients feel at home.Food is considered a major factor helping in patient's recovery. \"We all crave for our comfort food when we are ill and away from home and serving international patients food of their choice has helped in curing them faster,\" said Jyoti Prasad, chief dietician and nutritionist, Manipal Hospital.Comfort food has also helped patients to adjust to Indian environment faster. Said Farhana Afroz, chief nutritionist, HCG Cancer Hospital: \"Foreign patients take some time to adjust in Indian environment. Cancer patients lack nutrition and most are prone to allergies. To make them comfortable, we tell them that the food they like will be made available.''Serving food of their choice has also ensured better health of their family members. \"They teach our chef their style of cooking and the likes and dislikes of patients. By this the patients feel we are taking extra care of them and recover faster,\" said C Ashok Kumar , vice president, BGS Global Hospitals.\"An international patient is accompanied by at least one attendant. This number multiplies in case of Nigerian/African patients due to strong family ties. While the patient has to subsist on a medically recommended diet, the healthy attendant suffers due to lack of their local fare. Keeping this in mind, we began offering cuisines of patients' choice,'' said Jeremy D'Souza, general manager, Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal.No extra costHospitals don't charge extra for providing international cuisines. The food, which is prepared under the supervision of dieticians and nutritionists, is part of their hospital diet. \"The food is standardly charged for patients' relatives,'' said Ravindra Pai, vice president, marketing and operation, Apollo Hospitals .Chef speaks\"It has been a wonderful experience to serve 'food on demand' to patients. I have mastered the art of preparing Italian and Mexican cuisine and Nigerian food. Initially, when we started serving international cuisines, we had limited options. But over the years, we have learnt a variety of recipes of various cuisines,\" said Shivram S D, executive chef, Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11381730", "title": "Kite and desert festival to be held jointly", "text": "JAISALMER: For the first time, the International Kite Festival will coincide with the world famous Desert Festival at Jaisalmer between February 5 and 7. Apart from this, camel race, camel polo, turban-tying competition and other adventure competitions will be organised for the tourists.Ajit Singh, deputy director, tourism department, informed many new and attractive programmes have been included in the desert festival. Talks are on with North Central Zone and Indian Council of Culture Relations (ICCR) to make the cultural programmes more innovative. The tender process for the kite festival is underway. It is expected that many famous kite flyers from abroad will participate in the event. BSF's camel mount band and camel tattoo show are likely to be included in the fest.He said the desert festival will be inaugurated with a grand rally on February 5. The centre of attraction will be Mr Desert competition participants sitting atop camels wearing traditional attire.Singh said when the procession will reach Poonam Stadium, programmes will be started which include the ghoomar dance, turban-tying competition for domestic and international tourists, Moomal Mahendra competition, Mr Desert competition, Miss Moomal competition, Mushyak competition, etc., will be organised. In the evening, cultural programme based on folk dances will be presented.Next day, camel race, camel decoration, Shaan-e-Marudhar competition, camel polo, tug of war and matka race will be organised and the night will showcase myriad cultural shows. The desert festival will conclude on February 7 at Sam Desert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383370", "title": "Pvt doctors strike work in TN, first time in many years", "text": "CHENNAI: Many private hospitals , nursing homes and polyclinics across the state shut their out-patient wards on Thursday in response to a call for a day-long strike from the Indian Medical Association (IMA). The association said its members would boycott work, barring emergencies , to protest against the murder of Tuticorin-based Dr T Sethulakshmi. Hundreds of patients were forced to return home without treatment or consultation although emergency treatment and surgeries were carried out.Health minister V S Vijay and senior health department officials declined to react on the situation or carry out negotiations with the IMAto resolve the issue. \"We understand doctors' sentiments. We are letting the law take its course,\" said a senior official.On Monday, Dr Sethulakshmi was murdered by her patient's husband R Mahesh, who blamed her for causing his wife's death during a caesarean procedure.IMA general secretary Dr J A Jayapal said, \"We are not against the people. We want the government to give protection to doctors. They should fast track investigation and trial in the case.\"More than 3,000 hospitals and 24,000 doctors took part in the strike, he said. This is the first time in many years that the private healthcare sector has resorted to a strike.Chennai-based St Isabel's Hospitals put up posters saying that out-patient units were shut and others such as Sooriya Hospitals turned away patients. Some hospital managements even displayed circulars they had issued to doctors urging them not to treat patients unless there was an emergency.A senior official at Apollo Hospitals said most of the doctors , who were IMA members, observed the strike. \"The hospital did not ask them to stop work. We understood the sentiments and did not force them to work,\" said the official.Debate begins among doctorsWhen doctors went on strike on Thursday condemning the murder of anesthetist Dr T Sethulakshmi, who conducted a complicated cesarean surgery, senior obstetricians debated whether doctors without specialisation should handle such surgeries in emergency situations.There are no rules banning MBBS doctors from conducting cesarean surgeries but doctors say it is not wise for non-specialists to take up complicated cases. In the case of Dr Sethulakshmi, many doctors believed that though she had made efforts to save the life of a pregnant woman, she took the risk without realizing that she was neither adequately qualified nor did her clinic have facilities to take up such cases.Dr Sethulakshmi, an anesthetist and a senior civil surgeon at a government-run ESI Hospital in Tuticorin, also ran a private nursing home. On December 30, she operated on Nithya who was six months pregnant and was diagnosed with fetal death, a life threatening complication.After the surgery at the clinic, Nithya developed complications and died on the way to another hospital.\"The mortality rate in such cases is very high. Besides skill, one needs an ICU set up and blood bank to manage such emergencies. The patient should have been referred to a bigger hospital,\" a senior gynaecologist said. Many other specialists agree with this view. In the age of specialty, most doctors work within their domain of expertise.\"An orthopedic surgeon does not do heart surgery or a general surgeon does not operate on bones. If Dr Sethulakhsmi was alive, she would have probably been pulled up by the district collector during the maternal death audit. There is a violation of ethics. Her name could have been removed from the medical council list,\" said a senior obsterician in government service.However, members of the IMA argue that the government posts fresh MBBS graduates at primary health centres (PHCs) to institutionalize deliveries. These doctors undergo a mere six months' training in anesthesia and obstetrics-gynecology before they are posted to the PHCs to handle cesareans.\"If Dr Sethulakshmi has violated ethics, so has the government. When there is a huge shortage of doctors in the country, it's unfair to say only specialists can do surgeries. Doctors only mean to save patients, no doctor intends to kill,\" said Dr Nanthakumar, who is leading the IMA protest in Tuticorin.Questions are also being raised on whether Sethulakshmi should have been running a private practice as she was on the rolls of the ESI Hospital. Most doctors working in ESI hospitals draw a non-practice allowance (about Rs 2,000 per month), which prohibits them from working or owning private hospitals. \"We don't know if Dr Sethulakshmi was drawing it. If she did, she has violated the conduct rules,\" officials said.NUMBER GAMENearly 3,000 private hospitals are registered with the Indian Medical Association More than 24,000 doctors from private hospitals took part in the strike St Isabel's Hospital had put up posters saying that their outpatient units were shut, while Sooriya Hospital simply turned away out-patients. Apollo Hospitals' management said they did not stop doctors from going on strike", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11382998", "title": "Moving pawns on UP chessboard", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP's complex electoral calculus is proving to be as confusing for political parties as it is for voters. With less than a month to go for the first phase of polling in what is being billed as a crucial election, the four main players - BSP, SP, Congress and BJP - are still in the throes of finalising their lists of candidates, making it virtually impossible for voters to discern a trend or make a choice.The suspense is compounded by rapid changes even after names have been announced as the hunt for \"winnable' ' candidates reaches a frenzy now that the countdown has begun. It has triggered a feeling of uncertainty among nominees, many of who have put their campaign on hold for fear of losing the promised ticket at the last moment in the event of the party changing its mind.While the BSP, Congress and BJP are taking their time as they play a \"wait and watch' ' game, the SP has been the biggest loser so far, having changed more than 30% of the candidates it had announced . Ironically, the party was first off the block in what observers lauded as a mature move. It released the names of 393 nominees on April 8, 2011, giving them a head start over others to nurture their constituencies. But by December, after the list changed several times over, it was evident that the initiative had gone awry.Elections in UP are like a chess game, say political leaders. It's all about hitting on the right caste and community combination to make the winning number. The strength of a candidate is both inherent and relative. Much depends on where he or she stands in relation to other pieces on the board. It is imperative, therefore, for every party to study the moves of its opponents before making a final choice. And the game continues till the eleventh hour, when the date for filing nominations is over.The SP's confusion over its Lambhua nominee illustrates the conundrum all parties face. It has changed its candidate for the seat six times. The party first nominated Santosh Pandey in April, only to replace him with his brother and ex-MLA Anil Pandey a week later. Anil too did not last long and lost out to Indu Prakash Misra within a fortnight. There was such stiff resistance from party workers to Misra that he himself requested the party to replace him, paving the way for Surabhi Shukla. A fortnight later , the party changed its mind again and opted for its first choice, Santosh Pandey. If party insiders are to be believed, Santosh is losing ground again and Shukla may be back.\"Each and every change is made on the basis of the candidate's winnability. This factor may not necessarily be determined by an individual's popularity across the party's traditional vote bank,\" says a senior Muslim SP leader. \"Elements like the candidate fielded by a rival party and caste composition of the constituency play a vital role in selecting candidates.\"But SP workers are not convinced. They feel that this unceasing shuffling impacts the party's prospects at the grass-roots level. \"Most candidates have put their campaigning on hold,\" says Arshad Ahmed, an SP worker from Lakhimpur. \"No one wants to take the risk of investing manpower and money in campaigning when he is not sure whether he will remain the candidate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "director", "code": "11388042", "title": "Players: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Abbas-Mustan Cast: Abhishek Bachchan, Neil Mukesh, Bipasha BasuAfter making a career out of surreptitiously remaking foreign films forever, director-duo Abbas Mustan have proved their recycling capabilities credibly enough to win the opportunity of directing an 'official' remake of a Hollywood flick. They have stars, budget, virgin locations and also a readymade film (rather two of them) for reference. But that know-all impudence of the directors to Indianize The Italian Job is like having a pizza with Punjabi tadka topping.So every clever step from the original is counterbalanced with a brand Bollywood cliche. Like if the film is about gold heist, the lead players ought to have a heart of gold to start with. Which means the 10000-crore robbery is not merely propelled by greed but to achieve that adhura sapna of building a school for orphans!!! When it comes to getting the best players for what is claimed to be the world's biggest robbery, all of them conveniently come on a platter and coincidentally from the same country. Further when the robbery goes wrong, the heist flick gets re-moulded as a revenge drama. And last but not the least, a smart-n-subtle climax is substituted by the traditional dishum-dishum ending. Perhaps it's mandatory that the hero break the villain's bones before killing him. How else would the audience get that paisa vasool feeling? Huh!The supposedly sophisticated heist film starts with a corny jewelry store robbery that acts as an early eye-opener on what to expect thereon. The big plan here is to loot a locomotive laden with gold bars en route from Russia to Romania . The players comprise of the usual suspects - an illusionist (Bobby Deol), a hacker (Neil Mukesh), an explosive expert (Sikander Kher), a prosthetic expert (Omi Vaidya) and a locomotive expert ( Bipasha Basu ) who is obviously expected to double up as the seductress. And then there is Charlie (Abhishek Bachchan) who has no expertise and perhaps that makes him the group leader.When it's an Abbas-Mustan film, you would be betrayed if there are no betrayals. So there's one traitor in the group and rest seek revenge from him. Also it goes without saying that if any of the main leads is eliminated by the interval point, they have to come back from dead in the second half. The director-duo have almost run out of their standard set of shock tactics and are falling prey to their own brand, making the suspense flick, more or less, predictable. What ensues is the ordinary one-upmanship between two male rivals, a theme that has already been exploited by the directors to the point of diminishing returns in Ajnabee, Humraaz, Naqaab and Race .To the film's merit, the train robbery in the first half is well-conceptualized and thrillingly choreographed in snowy Russian terrains. Unfortunately the same cannot be said about the heist in the second half using mini coopers in traffic jam, which was the highlight of the original. Amidst slapstick car chase and convoluted execution, the thriller never registers the requisite impact. The pacing is intentionally kept fast to cover up the numerous loopholes in narrative.Ravi Yadav's cinematography is competent and the film ably captures the untouched locales of Russia and New Zealand. Allan Amin's action is well-designed. Pritam's music is plain functional. The dialogues are often banal.Another major reason why Players fails to impress is thanks to the mediocre performances by its entire cast. Abhishek Bachchan is passable but lacks the attitude to carry a suave character like this. Bobby Deol , in his extended special appearance, appears disinterested and carries a look which seemingly says 'why-am-I-overshadowed-by-Abhishek-Bachchan?' Neil Nitin Mukesh fails to take advantage of the abundant scope that his role offers. Also he lacks the menace that his character demands. Bipasha Basu's role seems just an extension of Race . Sikander Kher lacks screen presence. Omi Vaidya is funny at instances but is getting repetitive. Sonam Kapoor should never attempt to seduce or dance or deliver dialogues. In short, she should call it quits. Vinod Khanna is average. And thankfully Aftab Shivdasani is only in a cameo.They say 'let the best player win'. Sadly nobody qualifies to be even 'good' here. Game over!Verdict: Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382972", "title": "Bus travel in city to cost you more", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A ride in an AMTS or BRTS bus will pinch your pocket more as rising fuel and operational costs have led an increase of up to 100 per cent in fares. The minimum fare for the BRTS will be Rs 3 instead of Rs 2 while the maximum fare will go up from Rs 21 to Rs 28.In case of the AMTS the minimum fare has been fixed at Rs 2 which was Re 1 earlier, while the maximum fare is Rs 21 which was Rs 14 earlier.Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL), which governs the BRTS fares, claims that a 33 per cent hike in operational costs has led it to hike in ticket charges. AJL has quoted diesel price hike and said that it is paying Rs 43 per kilometer to private operators for the last two years. \"We used to pay the operator at the rate of Rs 34.11 per kilometer when the BRTS initially started. Though the fare structure has remained same all through, we had to increase what we used to give to the operators,\" says a senior AJL official. The hike ranges between Re 1 for small distances to Rs 6 for large distances. The new fare structure for the BRTS will come into effect on January 6.On the other hand, the rise in AMTS fare will be a major blow to poor passengers. But the AMTS claims that since the last time the fare structure was revised diesel prices have led to an increased expense of 106 per cent for AMTS while there has been a 135 per cent hike in establishment costs, in addition to 100 per cent rise in spare parts costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381518", "title": "CM: DDA out of sync with city\u2019s growth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit slammed the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) on Thursday by calling it a \"closed system\" and an \"elephant\" that cannot match the pace at which the capital is progressing.\"DDA has become like an elephant, which cannot ride or move. And when it moves, it is so slow that it cannot catch up with the pace at which Delhi is moving ahead,\" she said.Her comments came at a function, conducted by ASSOCHAM, where she released a study 'Urbanizing India and Mega Metro Network: Vision for the Emerging Cities of India - 2030'.Criticizing DDA's style of functioning, Dikshit said, \"In a city which you can see growing almost by the hour, how can you have a plan which will go on for 20 years? In 20 years, the city would have moved on and your plan would have remained as it is.\"Funds are not a problem as the Centre and the Prime Minister have been liberal in its allocation, Dikshit said. What is lacking is skilled development and implementation as the management of the funds is poor, she added.Dikshit added that work is done in a stipulated time in the private sector but the \"sarkari ways are too long and tedious\".Terming land laws as \"archaic\", Dikshit said the land laws and building laws, made in 1895, must be changed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386393", "title": "5 steps to a healthy burger", "text": "What is that one thing you wouldn't mind eating day in and day out, if it meant not putting on any weight?We bet burgers are on the top of your list. While burgers enjoy a bad reputation in any healthy eater's diary, you can enjoy 'healthy' burgers once in a while. Yes, you read that right. Sounds too good to be true? Here's our altered version of your favourite burger. Change a few ingredients here and there and you have a health-friendly burger ready.Here are our 5 easy steps to a healthy burgerPrepare the mayo in advance: No, we are not going to ditch the ever-so-loved mayo. All you need to do to prepare a batch of healthy mayo is two tablespoons of low-fat sourced cream, a bit of olive oil, mixed with a small clove of garlic and your hygienic, homemade mayo is ready. Want to lay your hands on a detailed mayo recipe? Read here.Buns with benefits are a must: It may come as a surprise to you, but burger buns are one of the biggest reasons why burgers are considered unhealthy. The massive levels of salt and sugar present in buns, not to forget the flour used in it, makes them a big no-no for health conscious people. Go for whole wheat buns or rye buns, which are stuffed with ample health benefits. Whole grains have more nutrients per unit as compared to their refined counterparts. They also have more fibre and thus are a lot better for our digestive systems. Whole grains are easily digestible, contain more antioxidants and help prevent many chronic diseases such as cancer , diabetes , obesity and constipation.Mushrooms should come to your rescue: A valuable health food, sauteed mushrooms work as a charm for appetizers, snacks and burger recipes. Low in calories, mushrooms are high in iron, zinc, fiber, amino acids, vitamins, minerals and vegetable proteins. Various studies have shown that mushroom have probiotic that helps our body to strengthen by fighting physiological homeostasis. They also have immune-system enhancing properties. Add mushrooms to any burger patty and increase its health quotient.Add your favourite herb variety: Buy store-based herbs or go innovative with them and prepare your own dressings at home. You can do that by adding olive oil, minced basil, red wine vinegar, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Other popular fresh herbs include dill, rosemary, oregano, mixed herbs.Pick the right patty: Go for healthy lean meat variety. Try and opt for at least 90% lean, and ground chicken and turkey that's breast only. Low fat protein sources like fish is a good option. Fish is rich in omega 3 fatty acids which are good for the heart. The size of the patty shouldn't be bigger than your palm. Also, the cooking method will decide the burger's ultimeate health factor. Bake, steam or grill the patty with minimal oil for enhanced taste.Read more Personal Health, Diet &amp; Fitness stories on www.healthmeup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11382721", "title": "Central staffers will have to pay lifetime tax for vehicles", "text": "BANGALORE: Thousands of central government employees, including armed forces personnel, residing in Karnataka and owning motor vehicles will now have to pay lifetime tax (LTT) for their vehicles.The employees had been granted exemption from paying LTT when buying new vehicles in the state or bringing them from other states on the ground that they could be transferred out of Karnataka anytime. These motorists had to pay an annual tax to RTO.However, a new rule that took effect on January 1 has withdrawn this exemption partially. While those central government employees bringing in their vehicles from other states need to pay only annual tax as earlier, those already in Karnataka will have to pay LTT for vehicles they have already purchased here or going to buy in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11383950", "title": "Ignored by boy, girl commits suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: Miffed over being ignored by a boy, a teenaged girl allegedly hanged herself in the city. The deceased, Ranu, 17, was a student of of class XI in Nalanda Public Higher Secondary School. She was staying at her uncle's home at Narmada Parisar in Kolar area, the police said.The incident happened late on Wednesday. Her relatives found the girl hanging in her room. The Kolar police sent the body for autopsy and later handed over the body to her family. Forensic experts too visited the spot to examine. In a two-page suicide note recovered from the spot, the girl mentioned the name of a boy,Junaid. The note said she was killing herself since the boy was not responding to her, the police said, adding it was unclear whether he studied with her or lived in the same locality.Ruling out possibility of any foul play, the police said they would record statements of the family and the boy whose name figured in the suicide note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381428", "title": "Turf wars take op wing away from NCTC", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than three years after 26/11, the proposal to streamline intelligence sharing and assessment by setting up a National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) will be considered by the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) next week.A countrywide encrypted network for the anti-terror umbrella body is in the final stages of implementation and sources confirmed that NCTC proposal, initiated in the wake of Mumbai attacks, is likely to be approved by CCS next week. The much-delayed proposal is understood to have been held up due to various turf issues, and has been tweaked a bit.According to the proposal, NCTC will be the nodal agency for all counter-terrorism activities, with all intelligence agencies such as Research &amp; Analysis Wing (R&AW;), Joint Intelligence Committee (JIC), National Technical Research Organization (NTRO) reporting to it on matters related to terrorism.NCTC will, however, not have any operational wing, as envisaged earlier. It will depend on state police (anti-terror cell) for operation against any terror module. It will also coordinate with National Investigation Agency (NIA), the body that was created to probe all terror-related cases post 26/11.With terror groups adept at moving across borders and accessing technology and manipulating financial systems, NCTC is seen as vital to breaking down intra-institutional walls and ensuring a synergy among state, border and national level agencies. NATGRID will also be under NCTC.Even as the final administrative clearance for the umbrella organization against terrorism is days away, a dedicated nationwide network for secure communication between almost 500 agencies involved in counter-terror activities is coming up. This encrypted network with terminals in every state would be the communication backbone for NCTC.Sources said the network is under trial and could be in full-fledged operation in a few months' time. The network connects Multi Agency Centre (MAC), which would be subsumed into NCTC, and all agencies reporting to it, in Delhi and state capitals. Between the Centre, where almost two dozen agencies coordinate with MAC, and states almost 500 stakeholders are involved in counter-terror activities.Sources said CCS is expected to approve NCTC's creation through an executive order. There will not be any need to bring a new legislation for setting up this anti-terror body, unlike NIA that was created through an Act, they said.It is still not clear if NCTC would continue to have the same reporting structure as MAC, which is under the overall command of Intelligence Bureau. In the original proposal sent by the home ministry, it had even suggested that NCTC could be under PMO, or a separate ministry for internal security could be created to administer NCTC and other bodies involved in fighting terrorism in the lines of US Department of Homeland Security. In the US, NCTC, set up within three years of 911 terror attack, comes under the Department of Homeland Security and it has direct control over the anti-terror division of both CIA and FBI .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11381613", "title": "75% of houses will get Cauvery, Kabini river water", "text": "MYSORE: Here's cheering news for the people who are bored of drinking borewell water. By July-end, more than seven to eight lakh of the total nine lakh people in the city, will get Cauvery and Kabini river water.Announcing this at a press meet here, district in-charge minister S A Ramdas said the works in this regard are in the completion stages and they will be commissioned by July-end. This will ease the drinking water problem in the city to a large extent, he said, adding that even the problem of tap connections in the city has been resolved.JUSCO was allotted the contract to supply water to the people, but its agreement was for 1.15 lakh connections. Later they learnt that the actual number of connections in the city were over than 1.5 lakh, he said. JUSCO has been asked to supply water to all 1.71 lakh connections. Now, 75 % of the houses in the city will have water from either Cauvery or Kabini, he added.Ramdas said the district administration has been directed t to take up four-lane work between Chamundi temple and Big Bull stretch without affecting the environment. However, some patches will remain in the present condition, as it is not possible to widen the road due to steep gorges, he said.Ramdas said action has been initiated to acquire eight acres of land atop the hill to build a shopping complex and parking ground and notification will be issued in this regard in the next three to four days.He also said steps have been initiated to evict offices of the muzrai department from the temple and provide shelter to the pilgrims as they should not face problems during the rainy and summer season by standing for long hours under the sun.He said the administration has marked the five acres of land near Lingambhudi lake adjacent to Male Mahadeshwaraswamy temple, which was encroached upon by land sharks. Soon the lands will retrieved, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11387234", "title": "Plus-Two team unite for Blank Cheque", "text": "Three fans of superstar Mohanlal, a road accident and their date with money...that's the gist of editor-turned-director Babu Ratnam's debut directorial, Blank Cheque.The film sees the teenage love story Plus Two's team coming together one more time. Roshan, Vishnu and Tomin play superstar's fans who take the film forward. Shebi Chavakad, the director of Plus Two, turns producer for Blank Cheque produced under the banner of Chavakkad movies.Says Shebi, \"It feels great to have the Plus Two team working together for yet another movie, If Plus Two was a teenage love story, Blank Cheque is a totally different offering. Babu Ratnam, who was the editor of films including College Days, turns director with this film. We can sure look forward to something new from Babu's stable.\" Shebi adds that his next directorial venture will be for Sethu's (of Sachi-Sethu fame) script.\"Sethu was busy with the scripting of Mallu Singh and Veetachan. I'll be directing his next story. It will be totally different from my directorial debut, Plus Two,\" he says. Blank Cheque has debutant Jesnifer scoring the music to Vayalar Sarath Chandra Varma's lines. The shoot of the film is scheduled to begin in Kochi on January 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382963", "title": "GRP nabs 4 robbers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Government Railway Police (GRP) Thursday arrested four robbers suspected behind three criminal incidents at railway stations in the city recently. Police seized a knife, some cash and 10 cell phones from their possession.Acting on a tip off, GRP), Secunderabad arrested four robbers - Mohd Feroz, Mohd Faiz, Shaik Wasim and Srikanth from Bansilalpet - near the railway track in Ranigunj. Upon interrogation, the four confessed to the recent robberies.Police said that the gang was involved in two robbery cases near Secunderabad railway station and one near Kacheguda station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382004", "title": "'Harassment plaints at MU still pending'", "text": "MUMBAI: In the last three years, the sexual harassment committee run by the women's development cell of Mumbai University has received 14 complaints, most of which have been either categorized as not fitting the bill or dismissed without punishing the guilty.An RTI application asking for details of cases revealed that many complaints were disposed as non-sexual in nature, said RTI activist Anil Galgali. \"In some cases, The committee has called some complaints administrative and others financial irregularitysaid that the complaint is an administrative complaint, in some other case, it has termed it as a financial irregularity,\" said RTI activist Anil Galgali.Three cases are still pending. What is however shocking is that in many of the cases, feel victims, the guilty has merely been demoted or his salary stopped.The outcome of one cases is quite shocking: the guilty apologised for his act and the victim pulled back the complaint, notes the report accessed through RTI.The inquiry report of another complaint against the principal and the management of Parshvanath Engineering College that made headlines about two years ago, is still pending with the vice chancellor for him to take a call on the action to be taken, according to the RTI reply.Kranti Jejurkar, head of the women's development cell, acknowledged that investigation was slow because all panel members were full-time teachers and a lot depended on the co-operation of the respondent. The cell is holding an awareness camp about the committee today and tomorrow. In fact,tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383509", "title": "TN ministers sway to MGR caller tunes", "text": "CHENNAI: It pays to play the right tune in politics and AIADMK leaders and ministers are using caller tunes to show their loyalty to party founder and former chief minister M G Ramachandran , better known as MGR.Dial their numbers and you can hear famous film songs of the matinee idol, such as \"Naan Aanai Ittaal\" (When I command) from the film \"Enga Veettu Pillai\", that have socio-political messages. Other favourites include \"Achcham Enbadu Madamaiyada\" (Fear means cowardice) from \"Mannadhi Mannan\" and \"Naan Ungal Veettu Pillai\" (I am the son of your house) from \"Puthiya Bhoomi\".Though many ministers shied away from answering queries on this, one said, \"I have been an MGR fan since my student days. I have his songs as my ringtone as well. I listen only to his songs while travelling.\"Political commentator M Gnani said, \"The ministers were, or continue to be, members of MGR fan clubs. MGR's songs have always worked to the advantage of the AIADMK during elections and public meetings.\"Tamil films and songs have played a major role in Dravidian politics, and MGR used the medium to the hilt. Making sure that he was always portrayed in a good light in all the movies he acted in, the matinee idol was successful in converting his on-screen popularity into mass support for his party.Ever since he formed the AIADMK in 1972 after breaking away from the DMK, MGR's film songs have come in handy. They are played over loudspeakers at least two hours before a party meeting. Often, there are also live bands, complete with MGR lookalikes. This draws in people and keeps them engaged and humming their favourite songs for days after the meeting.Most DMK leaders, on the other hand, have 'Semmozhiyaana Tamizh Mozhiyaam', the anthem of the World Tamil Conference held in Coimbatore in June 2010.In a lighter vein, commentator Gnani said: \"If they ask for my suggestion, I would tell them to use the 'Kolaveri di' song, sung by actor Dhanush, as either the ring tone or the caller tune because that is the rage now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11384048", "title": "Student caught in act of breaking open SBI ATM", "text": "INDORE: An engineering student was caught red-handed while trying to break open a State Bank of India (SBI) ATM machine in the wee hours on Thursday, here.Police said the accused identified as Ashish Singh belonged to Bareli district in Uttar Pradesh and has been studying Engineering Bachelor's from a private college in Indore. He was trying to break open the ATM at around 3 am, when a cop passing by the ATM heard commotion at Marimata temple road.The ATM had about Rs 30 lakh stuffed with it. The cop informed Sadar Bazar police and a team of policemen reached the spot.They found that the youth had turned off the lights in the ATM and was trying to break open the machine. However, the accused maintained that he along with his friends went to Sarvate bus stand for breakfast and he visited the ATM to get money when they fell short of cash. He said while he was trying to withdraw money his ATM card got stuck up in the machine and he was trying to retrieve it. Police said that the accused hailed from a well to do family and was quite intelligent.However, the accused maintained that while he was trying to withdraw money, his ATM card got stuck up in the machine and he was trying to retrieve it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11382879", "title": "Women's wing of SP reactivated in Karchana", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The women's wing in Karchana Assembly segment has been reactivated on Thursday.Seema Singh Patel has been appointed president. Manju Vishawakarma and Rani Dwivedi have been appointed vice-president and general secretary.SP spokesman MM Dwivedi said that women's wing of the party in Karchana was dissolved about one month back.State president of Samajwadi Party Akhilesh Yadav had asked to restore the women's wing.Meanwhile, Samajwadi Party held a meeting at Rampur in Karchana to chalk out strategy election strategy. The workers pledged to work unitedly for the victory of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11382777", "title": "Devotees throng Srirangam temple on Vaikunta Ekadasi", "text": "TRICHY: The Swarga Vasal was opened at the Srirangam temple on the occasion of Vaikunta Ekadasi, a celestial spectacle for thousands of devotees. Many had camped outside the temple throughout Wednesday night to catch a glimpse of Lord Sri Ranganatha Perumal who appeared at the Paramabatha Vasal or the gateway to heaven at 4 am on Thursday.As the deity who normally lies down on the snake couch on the facade of the Rajagopuram appeared at the heavenly gates attired in the best of Navratna rope and wearing a glittering parrot-studded garland, ecstatic devotees of all age groups cried \"Renga, Renga...\" as the Lord passed on to the next stop of the golden flag mast. The deity reached the thousand-pillared Thirumamani mandapam accompanied by plebeians, politicians and babus alike, and remained there until 6 pm for darshan. The procession started from the Thirumamani mandapam on Thursday midnight and reached the original sanctum sanctorum at 1.30 am on Friday.However, some people complained that the police, outnumbering the devotees, were more of a hindrance than a solace. The duty of the police should have been to give protection to disciples in carrying out rituals, but they dominated the scene by cutting across serpentine queues to have a quick darshan, said an agitated disciple. Another anomaly was that around 300 free passes issued to facilitate the darshan of elderly people had been sold to people from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, which added to the occasional stampede. Coimbatore mayor Velusamy was seen arguing with officials of HR&CE; who were accused of shuffling seating arrangements of VVIPs at random. Trichy collector Jayashree Muralidharan and police commissioner Masanamuthu also joined the devotees while at the same time issuing instructions to officials from time to time.Later, corporation commissioner Veeraraghava Rao announced the prize winners for 5 one-gram gold coins, 21 silver coins and 40 energy saver bulbs out of a total of 4,742 people who had obtained tokens in exchange for the deposit of plastic garbage at pre-designated places. tnnThe ban on plastic continues in Srirangam, said Rao while appealing to people to claim their prizes from the nearby Srirangam zonal of the Corporation. Meanwhile, only one of the four gold winners, and three of 21 silver coin winners had come to collect their prizes today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382897", "title": "Patna boy off to Malaysia for golf tourney", "text": "PATNA: Patna's Aman Raj, 16, has been selected as a member of Indian team to participate in the 'Asian Junior Golf Championship', to be held from January 7 to 10 at Damai Laut Golf &amp; Country Resort in Malaysia.A plus-2 student of Kendriya Vidyalaya-Bailey Road, Aman is the only Bihari boy in the four-member team. The three others are Chikka Rangappa, S Saquib Ahmad (both from Bangalore) and Subhankar Sharma (Delhi).\"Aman practises golf at the Patna Golf Club under the guidance of his father Shashi Raj Sinha,\" said his mother Madhulika Sinha. The team left for Malaysia on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382874", "title": "CBI to question Singhal in Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram cases", "text": "AHMEDABAD: CBI is likely to question superintendent of police (SP) Kheda Girish Singhal on Friday in Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounters. Singhal is accused of trying to force witnesses to change statements given to CID (crime) and CBI officials.CBI sources said that when the two cases were being probed by CID (crime), the agency's deputy inspector general (DIG) Rajnish Rai had written a note in this regard. Rai had alleged that the Disha farmhouse owner Girish Patel was being pressured by the SP to change his statement.Rai had claimed that Singhal was trying to force Patel to go back on his word. Disha farmhouse was used by the Anti-Terrorist Squad of Gujarat police to illegally detain Kauserbi and Sohrabuddin Sheikh. Kauserbi was murdered a couple of days after Sohrabuddin was killed in a fake encounter in 2005.When the probe was handed over to CBI in 2010, a witness Azam Khan was abducted when he was in the city by some unidentified persons. Khan was kidnapped near Kalupur and was illegally detained at a hotel on Relief Road.When hotel staff sought identification from the unidentified persons, the kidnappers had claimed that they were acting under SP Singhal's directives. Khan had also submitted an affidavit before the CBI court in which he had narrated the incident.\"We want to question Singhal for his version on these issues,\" said CBI officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11381540", "title": "High consumption of liquor boosts sales in city by 16%", "text": "MYSORE: Lessons on temperance seems to have no impact on the Mysoreans if the liquor sale in the district is any indication. Mysore has recorded highest liquor sales in last nine months and sale in December alone was all-time high.Liquor sale, as usual, has spiraled and revenue generation between April and December 2011 has gone up by 16% compared to figures during corresponding months in 2010 in Mysore, according to statistics supplied by the excise department.Mysoreans have consumed 19.39 lakh litres of Indian-made foreign liquor (IMFL) and 5.63 lakh litres of beer in December alone. Consumption during the same month in 2010 was 18.18 lakh litres IMFL and 4.26 lakh litres of beer.Generally, the sale during December compared to other months in the calendar will be high owing to New Year celebrations. A majority of New Year party rev elers want to usher in New Year by having drinks and hence, liquor sale goes up in the last week of December and even the target given to excise department in the month will be high, an official said.In the previous season, sale of IMFL stood at 83,090 litres on New Year's Eve, while beer at 44,392 litres. Liquor sale in December, 2011, fetched the excise department revenue of Rs 59.44 cr as against Rs 48.95 cr in December-2010.The department sold some 1,780,436 boxes of IMFL between April and December in 2010, but the sale increased to 1,872,423 boxes in 2011. Each box contains 48 bottles of 180ml liquor each or 24 bottles of 360ml liquor each or 12 bottles of 720ml liquor each.Mysore district has some 458 authorized liquor sale points including retail, bar and bar and restaurants, hotels, pubs, etc. The department has earned revenue of Rs 467.60 crore between April and December in 2011 and it up by 16% compared to 2010's revenue -- Rs 401.70 crore during the same period.Excise deputy commissioner Y Manjunath told TOI that they were given the target to sell 2.23 lakh boxes of liquor in December 2011 and they have surpassed it. They have sold some 2,24,424 boxes of IML.Youths give in to peer pressureInfluence of peer pressure, which is strong among young people, is a major factor for the rise in the number of alcohol consumers in Karnataka and according to reports people are tasting alcohol in their early teens.Karnataka State Temperance Board chairman Sachidananda Hegde told TOI that there are no specific causes for the increase in number of consumers of beverages. Alcohol-related advertisements, media influence, social gatherings besides peer pressure have all added to the figures.Youngsters do not think about the pros and cons of alcohol consumption and easily succumb to peer pressure, he explained, adding that there are about 1.20 crore alcohol consumers in the state.Of late, women too are taking to drinks in large numbers. They start with wine, which has less alcohol content, and then increase alcohol intake over a period of time. An official attributed the rise in alcohol consumption among women to increased participation in social gatherings. About 67% of male population is tasting alcohol of which 23% are addicted to it.The revenue to government too has increased from Rs 2,300 crore in early 2000 to almost Rs 9,300 crore today, the official stated.De-addiction camps in villagesTemperance board has launched a mission to create addiction-free villages in Karnataka. They have selected 22 villages in Uttara Kannada district and eight villages in Chamarajanagara district as part of the experiment.Authorities are training Stree Shakthi group members to counsel alcohol consumers in these villages and soon they will begin counselling. Under the mission, NGO members will visit houses and record number of alcohol consumers and then give them counseling. They will also conduct de-addiction camps to ensure they kick the habit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383148", "title": "Come down to party on the Digha-Mandarmoni beaches", "text": "KOLKATA: Riding the waves on a water scooter, parasailing and landing on the golden beach or selecting your sea food from the aquarium and seeing it getting cooked in a live kitchen on the beach. Thought all this could happen only in Goa? These and much more are about to happen nearer home, in Digha and Mandarmoni, to pamper the adventurous side in you.Starting January 13, the four-day festival has already created a lot of excitement among tourists as is evident from ongoing bookings, both on site and online. The state tourism department, which is organizing the Digha-Mandarmoni beach festival, has tied up with a large number of private leading hotels at Digha, Shankarpur and Mandarmoni to accomodate the rush.Special stay packages have been designed for this and people are madly availing of the offers. This was evident at the tourism office at Dalhousie on Thursday.Special arrangements for water sports have also been made and the department has tied up with leading private players who operate in places like Goa and Kovalam. A gala sea-food festival has been organized by the Fish Traders' Association of Digha where at least 150 myriad varieties of sea fish, oysters, squids, lobsters etc will be put on exhibit in a huge aquarium for the people to pick and choose. The department is tying up with leading restaurant chains in the city to participate in the festival.\"We can assure you that you will see some of the city's well known food brands at the festival. The sea food festival will perhaps be the largest ever that has been planned in the country if you take the variety and the spread on offer,\" said state tourism secretary, Raghavendra Singh.The festival will be capped with rock music and some of the leading names in the city like Crosswindz, Cactus and Chandrabindoo have already been lined up to perform at the festival. Among the individual performers who have confirmed are Bickram Ghosh , Usha Uthup and Tanushree Shankar, informed the CEO of the Digha Shankarpur Development Authority (DSDA), Soumen Pal. Watch towers will be set up on the beach for the performers.The programme will kick off with a half marathon that will be run on a 14km stretch between Shankarpur and Digha. The beach volley ball and beach kabaddi will be an add on for those with an athletic streak in them.The festival is being looked upon as a curtain raiser to a mammoth development along the 40km shoreline, from Udaypur at the Orissa-Bengal border to Junput near Contai. Senior officials in the tourism department said that this is the brainchild of none other than chief minister, Mamata Banerjee , who had mentioned this in the election manifesto itself.\"We are ready with a masterplan for this development, which will be a public-private sector joint initiative. I can happily tell you that not only the leading hotel groups in the country, but even those abroad have shown preliminary interest in becoming a part of this shoreline development with the state government,\" Singh said.Immediately after the festival is over, the state tourism department, along with DSDA and state urban development department, will identify plots that are available for development. \"We will divide them into zones.Since the place in question is along the sea, the land use pattern will be different keeping in mind the ecological balance. There will be separate zones for hotels, eateries, parks, markets and entertainment. We are trying to bring in some modern concepts like \"piers\" where a zone juts into the sea and people can enjoy a walk by the the sea or even dine,\" Singh added.The package is priced at Rs 2600 per person for two nights three days, the state tourism department is making a killing. \"I think it is quite cheap because they are also providing two and fro air-conditioned transport. We're going in a big group of 30 friends,\" said Anasuya Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11383046", "title": "IMA demands special court to hear doctor's murder case", "text": "MADURAI: Indian Medical Association, Madurai branch, has urged the government to set up a special court to prosecute the killer of doctor Sethulakshmi, who was murdered by an autorickshaw driver on Monday.Addressing the press on Thursday, M Jegadeesan, president of IMA, Madurai branch, said the government should provide speedy justice in this case to ensure the medical fraternity is protected and anyone who harms doctors is punished with severe measures. After the government doctors' strike on Wednesday, all private hospital doctors have boycotted work and the 760 hospitals including clinics in Madurai district will remain closed for a day. The strike of private hospitals will last from 7.30 am on Thursday to 7.30 am on Friday for 24 hours to condemn the killing of Sethulakshmi, he said. However, emergency medical services will continue in all hospitals, he added.The major demands from IMA are the government should announce all hospitals as protected zones and provide security to doctors and hospitals.A special court should be formed to prosecute the killer so that it will be a lesson for all who want to hurt doctors. Further, police officials who failed to take action when Sethulakshmi asked for protection should be suspended. Stringent measures should be taken on all police officials in the station who failed to act, Jegadeesan said.The state government should implement the Tamil Nadu Hospital Protection Act, 2008, strictly and spread awareness about the act because public and police are not aware of it. Along with IMA members, postgraduate doctors, civil surgeons, house surgeons, medical college students and paramedics will participate in the rally. Besides, the Lab Owners Association has also expressed solidarity with the doctors in this regard, he added.Later in the evening, the medical fraternity took out a silent rally from Race Course to the Collectorate and submitted a petition to the district administration. All major private hospitals like the Meenakshi Mission Hospital, Arvind Eye Hospital, Vadamalayan, Apollo and others remained closed for Out Patient treatment and all scheduled surgeries were postponed in these hospitals. However, emergency services and critical surgeries were held as usual.In the same way, all private hospitals in southern districts such as Tirunelveli, Tuticorin, Kanyakumari, Virudhunagar and Dindigul were also closed for OP care and doctors went on a one-day strike with silent rallies, demanding protection. The strike has severely affected healthcare in the region with many sick people suffering without medical aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11387133", "title": "Most-anticipated Mollywood movies in 2012", "text": "Last year was an experimental ride for the Mollywood audience as much as it was for the filmmakers.It served to redefine Malayalam cinema and has raised the bar of expectations for the film goers so much that 2012 is anticipated to bring out even better movies.Here's the list of the top 10 movies to look forward to this year.The King and the Commissioner: It was billed as the most-awaited release of 2011, but various reasons including the illness to its leading actors Mammootty, Suresh Gopi and Saikumar has delayed the movie. With Shaji Kailas and Renji Panikker joining hands to bring two of Mollywood's firebrands Bharath Chandran and Joseph Alex, this film is labeled \"explosive.\"Idukki Gold: The crew behind the biggest hit of 2011 Salt 'N Pepper unite again for the feel-good flick based on Santhosh Ichikanam's short story. Director Aashiq Abu's tryst with freshness continues as he has picked five veteran actors including Lal and Babu Anthony as the lead for the movie about friendship.Ordinary: A film set in the picturesque backdrop of Pathinamthitta and Gavi with a public transport bus serving as the most important link in the movie. With a host of actors including Kunchacko Boban, Biju Menon, Ann Augustine, Asif Ali and Jishnu, Ordinary could lead the movies this year that mainly has village-centric themes.Walayar Paramasivan: The sequel to the blockbuster Runway with superstar Dileep in the titular role, Joshiy in the director's chair and Sibi K Thomas and Udayakrishna's writing the script. That description alone should set the cash registers ringing at the BO.Mallu Singh: Director Vysakh's one of those rare directors whose first two movies have gone on to become blockbusters. His next venture Mallu Singh will bring together the Seniors team of Kunchacko Boban, Biju Menon and Manoj K Jayan with Unni Mukundan, who plays a Sikh. Last time Punjabis graced the Mollywood screen in Punjabi House, it turned Dileep into superstar. Will Unni follow suit?Casanova: It's another mega-budget flick that has been pushed back due to scheduling issues. From its trailer that was launched last week, the film promises to revive megastar Mohanlal's box office status. Incidentally, Rosshan Andrrews provided a new lease of life to the veteran's career with his debut movie Udayananu Thaaram when Mohanlal was going through a similar dry patch.Arivaal Chuttika Nakshatram: The highlights of this movie are many including Prithviraj playing a negative role, Mammootty donning the lead, the movie being a period thriller set in 1950s and Amal Neerad helming the project. With a stellar cast and an impressive production team including Urumi's scribe Shankar Ramakrishnan, the buzz is that it would be a trendsetter for the industry as well as the actors.Raajavinte Makan: The prequelish remake of one of the biggest hits of Mollywood will hit the screens this year with Mohanlal and Suresh Gopi reprising their cult roles. It is claimed to be the first time in Indian cinema that the same team of the director-scriptwriter-actors of the original are uniting after 25 years to shoot the same film. The team is also trying to rope in a big-time Bollywood actress as the female lead.Grandmaster: It is being touted as the game-changer. It will mark the first time that a corporate will produce in Mollywood and so opens the gates for more planned big budget movies. With Mohanlal playing a veteran cop and Narain playing the villian, the film has already generated enough buzz about the plot to keep the audience guessing.Second Show: Another star kid enters Mollywood with this film. Being Mammootty's son has already promised Dulquar Salman enough share of fans and media buzz for the movie. But it still depends to be seen if he's got the acting chops of his father. If he does, this star kid could very well rule the roost this year as he's already signed on for two more movies - Anwar Rasheed's Usthad Hotel and Vyshakh's movie with Mohanlal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11388424", "title": "Tiger count goes up in Panna with rise in number of cubs", "text": "BHOPAL: The Panna Reserve in Madhya Pradesh, which gained notoriety for mysterious disappearance of its big cats, is flourishing with tiger cubs again, rejoicing the success of its unique translocation experiment to revive their population.\"The tiger reserve has seven cubs and five adult tigers in its wild after the launch of an experiment involving breeding of translocated wild cats and rehabilitation of orphaned cubs ,\" Panna Tiger Reserve Director, R S Murthy told reporters.The reserve has four female and a male tiger in its kitty and all of them have well adjusted to their new environment.The number of tiger cubs in other reserves across the state is also looking up.Kanha Tiger Reserve at present has 21-23 tiger cubs while the Pench Tiger Reserve boasts of having another 21 or more.\"At present we have 21-23 tiger cubs in the different age groups wandering with their mothers in the forest,\" Kanha Tiger Reserve Director, J S Chouhan said.Kanha has at present nearly 70 or more tigers in its wild as per the official figures, he said.Pench Tiger Reserve Director, Alok Kumar said that in the year 2010-11, nearly 21 tiger cubs were sighted by the forest staff in different zones of the reserve.They are in the age group of 5-6 months to over one year old, Kumar said.A tiger is normally considered adult when it attains the age of two-and-a-half year and also when it separates from its mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "moodbidri", "code": "11381961", "title": "Alva\u2019s Virasat gets off to a colourful note", "text": "MOODBIDRI: The 20th edition of Alva's Virasat - 2012, national cultural festival, got underway on a colourful note here on Thursday. Hundreds of patrons and art lovers from various parts of the nation and abroad witnessed the inaugural of four-day cultural fest, which will showcase the talents of eminent artists.Alva's Virasat Award 2012 was bestowed on noted Hindustani singer Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarthy, who bagged national award, Kumar Gandharva Award , Sangeet Natak Akademi Award and Padmashri Award. A colourful procession marked the beginning of the festival, where Chakrabarthy was taken on a pallakki (palanquin) to the dais. Sound of traditional chende, panchavadya and colourful umbrellas enhanced the elegance of the procession.Chakrabarthy acknowledged the felicitation by singing 'main tumhara paas main..', few lines from Kabir Das' doha. He also enthralled the audience by reciting a shloka from the Veda. \"I am still a student and servant of music. I try to teach my students the real value of humanity through music,\" he said.The cultural evening commenced after a short inaugural ceremony with a special violin concert by Vidwan Ganesh - Vidwan Kumaresh brothers from Chennai. Nishan e Khalsa Taran Taran troupe from Punjab enthralled the audience by presenting bangra and other Punjabi dances.In his presidential address, Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala dharmadhikari D Veerendra Heggade said the festival provides a platform for artists to showcase their talents. \"Alva's Education Foundation makes students in its institutions to take part in cultural, sports and other extra curricular activities. It is indeed noteworthy that institutions under the Foundation show excellence in curriculum too,\" he added.Foundation chairman M Mohan Alva said that the Foundation could organise Virasat for the 20th consecutive year only because of sponsors and donors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382329", "title": "High on designer drugs, youngsters land up in rehabs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Snorting coke (cocaine) and heroin could be the latest fad among the young and the rich in the city, a trend that is leading to a steep rise in the number of addicts walking through the doors of Hyderabad's rehabilitation centres. While this figure is fast bloating, what seems to be shrinking rapidly is the age group of these `junkies' undergoing treatment at de-addiction homes which have reported a massive surge in the count of teenagers approaching them for help.Not more than 18 years old, this SUV-driving crowd of cash-rich youngsters are hooked to drugs like cocaine, heroin, ecstasy, ketamine and LSD, say rehab in-charges noting how it's no longer alcohol that's doing them in these days. And that's evident from the startling figures recorded in their registers. If until recently, 80 of the 100 inmates in any de-addiction centre were victims of alcohol, now their numbers have dropped to just about 20. The rest are `dope-heads' suffering from an overdose of designer/party drugs, they confirm. And what seems to be making matters worse, is the `cocktail drug recipes' doing the rounds on the internet. \"Now, much like mixing drinks for a better high, revellers can also mix drugs for a better `kick' by looking up on the web. This has in fact garnered most interest among addicts,\" said a youngster from the city familiar with this trend.Predictably, these `inventions' have increased the intake of drugs among youngsters significantly. Said Manohar Prasad, director of Shangrila rehabilitation centre, Rajendranagar, \"Though these kids take them out of sheer curiosity the first few times, they get hooked to these drugs even before they realize.\" And what follows is a phase of horrific complications with many damaging their neurological system and losing all control over themselves.Take for instance a 21-year-old addict currently recuperating at a city rehab. In a state of complete paranoia now, the youngster traces his journey to the centre which started off with an alcohol and cigarette addiction. \"I also did marijuana. But the high I was getting from all this was not satisfactory. So I started mixing drugs that I either snorted or injected.\"Apart from young men, teenage girls too are falling in this `hallucinating' trap. \"Previously, not many women were seen even consuming alcohol. But it's no longer the same now,\" said Rahul Luther, executive director, Hope Trust India. Analysing this trend, he said his rehab alone comprises 20 per cent females at present. And then there are foreign nationals too from places such as Oman, USA and UK who end up in these homes, thanks to party drugs.With the number of addicts on the rise, even rehab centres have started to mushroom in the city with at least 10 such homes coming up in various parts of Hyderabad over the last two years alone. And if sources are to be believed, there are many more on their way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11383897", "title": "Pawar's plane diverted to Nagpur due to fog", "text": "AMRAVATI: The aircraft of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who was on a visit to Amravati for attending a planning committee meeting to finalize development drafts for all five districts in the division, had to be diverted to Nagpur as it could not land at Belora airport due to fog on Thursday morning.After landing at Nagpur, Pawar reached Amravati by road due to which the meeting, scheduled to start at 9am, got underway at 11.15am. Superintendent of police Jai Kumar said that fog forced diversion of the plane to Nagupr. However, after the meeting was over, Pawar left for Mumbai from Belora by plane.Sources said that planning and development draft of five districts in Amravati division was discussed before the budget slated in March. The meeting on Thursday was scheduled before the model code came into force and held with the permission of the State Election Commission (EC). Instructions were given by EC to the administration not to carry any report as regards the meeting in newspapers and on electronic media.Pawar preferred to keep a distance from mediapersons here in the wake of a controversy that he had found himself in by inaugurating a bridge in Pune when the model code is in force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11387166", "title": "Outsider kicks off 2012 in Mollywood", "text": "Sreenivasan and Indrajith are kicking off the first project in Mollywood this year with Premlal's Outsider. The film has already begun shooting in Thrissur with both actors playing the main lead in the \"emotional thriller.\"Premlal, whose last venture Aatmakatha also had Sreenivasan in the lead, says the film is about an ordinary middle class man whose life turns upside down when a criminal tries to control him.\"It's about his struggles and how he comes to terms with his life,\" says Premlal, who has also scripted the film.The movie will have Kollywood actor Pasupathy playing the negative character. The actor is already in the state filming for another Mollywood flick No. 66 Mathura Bus.Debutant actress Ganga Babu will be playing the female lead in the movie produced by Gireesh Lal, who had earlier produced Manikyakallu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11384208", "title": "Lookout notices against Badam brothers", "text": "VADODARA: It is not just Shaukat Abdullah Badam, convicted in Godhra Sabarmati Express carnage case, who is on the run after jumping parole. His brother Bilal Abdullah Badam, convicted in the same case, has also done the disappearing act while out on parole even as Panchmahal police have issued lookout notices against the duo.Shaukat was released from Vadodara central jail on December 13 and Bilal on December 8. Bilal had a 10-day parole and was later granted an extension till December 26. It has eventually transpired that both did not turn up at the prison on time and are on the run now.Investigations by Panchmahal police so far have not led to any possible locations of the duo, but officials said that it had come to light that they had definitely come home after being granted parole. \"They were granted parole for a wedding of a family member and had even come home. It was later that they went missing,\" said Panchmahal district superintendent of police Sachin Badshah.Sources said parole was granted to the duo for the wedding of Shaukat's daughter. Shaukat and Bilal are amongst four Badam brothers who have been granted life sentence in connection with the case. The other two being Siddik alias Matunga Abdullah Badam and Mohammed Hanif alias Hani Abdullah Badam.Badshah said police had started questioning the relatives of Shaukat and Bilal. The persons who gave surety for the paroles of the duo are also being quizzed for any information even as cellular phone records of relatives and friends of the duo are being scrutinized.Officials said the lookout notices would imply that all police districts in the country would be alerted about the convicts on the run.Airports and all immigration points will also be alerted about them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11383187", "title": "\u2018Congress will gain due to its image &amp; credibility\u2019", "text": "It is busy times for the Congress Legislature Party leader Pramod Tiwari . Eight-time MLA from Rampur Khas, a constituency in Pratapgarh, which seems more like his fiefdom, Tiwari has earned grudging admiration from even his worst detractors for his sharp legal brains and keen political acumen both on and off the floor of the house. In a conversation with Manjari Mishra, the veteran Congress leader says \"the party is practically on the thresholds of a victory and the tally this time would belie all its doomsayers.\"Over the past two decade, Congress has been forced to be a bit player in UP. So, what accounts for this new-found optimism? n Because we are in the serious reckoning for the first time in 22 year. In the intervening years, UP has slipped on every indicator. We have done our homework, taken real pains to set our house in order and gone about it in a methodical manner. Measures like division of UP in 10 zones to monitor the day-to-day performance of candidates, and a strengthened cadre for back up is the major factor which will eventually influence our performance, I am confident.Q. What is the major factor you think will swing the voters in your favour? n Undoubtedly Rahul's appeal among young voters. At least 70% of voters in the state are between the 18 to 40 age bracket and Rahul offers them hopes - a brighter future a corruption-free society. The non-Congress rule has dragged UP from the slot of the top three to the bottom three in development indices. Rahul's promise to turn things round in next 10 years has actually kindled hope in their hearts. The party is of late going out of the way to woo backwards and Muslims. Steps like three OBC ministers in the Centre or 4.5% for minorities have gone down well with the respective segments ... n No, here I don't agree. Congress has been the only party which had a hold over all sections - caste, creed and community included - of the society. Unlike Mulayam or Mayawati, who fall back on their captive votebank of Yadav and Dalits or the BJP which has always tried to reap the harvest of communal hatred. We have supporters in upper caste Dalits Muslims and the OBC.The sparring between BSP and Congress has been getting more and more intense. Why this love-hate relationship with a party which supports you at the Centre? n Mayawati's has been the worst and the most corrupt government in the. Its early two dozen ministers and MLAs stand indicted under charges ranging from graft to rape. This is surely her last inning in UP. BSP today is a sinking ship. Her key men like Daddan Mishra, Awadh Pal and Badshah Singh are already flocking rival camps. The party supremo in her arrogance refuses to see the main leakage point which is located in her own office. BJP stands duly exposed - first in Anna's issue and then by its volte face for taking in its fold Maya's most tainted colleague Babu Singh Kushwaha. The Congress will eventually gain due to its image and credibility.In case of a hung assembly, who would you reach out to? SP or BSP? n Neither. Both the parties stand out like villain in the public eye. Why should be partner in their past sins? We will start on a clean slate with a clean and clear majority. Just wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382257", "title": "'Probe '07 SoBo accident again'", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Shabbir Dharamsey, who died in an accident on Marine Drive in 2007, has urged the court to order reinvestigation since they believe the driver arrested in this case is not the real accused.On March 23, 2007, Dharamsey (44) and his wife Nadia (42) were going to have ice cream after dinner when a speeding car rammed into their scooter. Nadia was flung from the scooter and landed on the bonnet of the car. Her hair got entangled in the car's windscreen and she was dragged by the car till her hair broke and she fell on the road.While Nadia was rushed to Bombay Hospital, Dharamsey was found after half an hour. He died after being taken to hospital. Nadia was in ICU with multiple injuries, including a brain haemorrhage, a broken spine, pelvic fractures, a fractured skull, pierced lungs, liver injury and internal bleeding. She was unconscious for 15 days.Faraaz, their son, said that they suspect that Farhan Mansoor Ahmed, who was arrested for the accident, was not the real accused. \"My mother had clearly seen four teenaged boys in the car. The accused were replaced with fake ones after the accident,\" said Faraaz. Dharamsey's lawyer, Kalpesh Patil, said they were hoping the court will order the police to reopen the case.On November 21 last year, Ahmed filed an affidavit in the court saying he was not the real accused. \"At the time of the accident, I was working as a personal driver. My boss called me to Marine Drive police station and stated that a minor accident had taken place and if I take responsibility for the accident, his younger brother, who actually caused the accident, would be saved. On humanitarian grounds, I agreed to take the responsibility and I was arrested,\" Ahmed stated. \"I was released after 12 days and then came to know that a man had died in the accident. I have been dragged into court proceedings which I don't understand since I am not literate enough to understand these legal issues. I want to say that I was not at the wheel when the accident took place,\" Ahmed stated in the affidavit. He has named someone else who, according to him, was at the wheel at the time of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382164", "title": "Mudslinging, character assassination help voters decide: Bhatti", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This is something, which may be least expected from a brand ambassador. But true to his image, Jaspal Bhatti, brand icon of Punjab elections, has come up with a spoof on politicians slinging mud on each other around election time. In a letter to the Election Commission, Bhatti has suggested that such things should be \"encouraged\" as it will help the voter make up his mind.Sporting a bright pink turban, Bhatti was a huge draw on Thursday at the strategically located office of the Election Commission in the Sector 17 main plaza. Curious onlookers gathered around the famous satirist, who has carved a niche for himself in Bollywood. Bhatti chose to speak about elections, although in his famous satirical way.\"Why stop the politicians from mud slinging,\" he asked, while adding, \"They are after all uncovering skeletons in the cupboards of rival politicians. In the process, at least the public is getting to know the truth.\"In his communique to the Election Commission, Bhatti said he has suggested that the EC should not take notice if rival candidates stoop to mudslinging and even character assassination. \"It helps the voter in choosing a less corrupt candidate. Sometimes, choice becomes difficult when the rival candidates are 'looters' of the same level,\" said Bhatti.Another reason to back mudslinging is that it adds colour to the otherwise drab elections, he said. Going a step further, he suggested that the media should offer subsidized rates to those ads in which lampooning of candidates is done by rival candidates.Taking a dig at the Congress in Punjab and Shiromani Akali Dal, Bhatti suggested that cartoons and parodies featuring Kakaji, Maharaja or dissidents running from party to party should be encouraged. \"It evokes the creativity of artists, writers and singers,\" he added.On a serious note, however, Bhatti clarified that these were his suggestions as a social satirist. \"In my responsibility as a brand icon, I appeal to all valid voters to cast their votes judiciously, without fear or greed,\" said Bhatti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11382049", "title": "Protect your heart from winter", "text": "GURGAON: There has been a sudden rise in the number of cardiac cases reported in city hospitals with temperatures plummeting. Most probably, several factors are behind this spurt in the heart cases. For starters, cold temperatures can cause a rise in your blood pressure along with increasing levels of proteins that raise your risk of blood clots.According to Dr M S Sandhu, Head, Cardiology department, at Artemis Health Institute, Gurgaon, \"During winter months blood vessels of the heart contract due to extreme exposure to cold air which in turn affects the blood supply. This causes high blood pressure and can lead to a heart attack. Risk in heart attack cases in winter reportedly increases by 15-20%.\" Doctors warn that people who have a history of cardiac condition should be extra careful and go for regular examination. Said Dr Sanjeev Chaudhary, senior consultant, Cardiology department, Paras Hospital, \"The viscosity of blood increases during winter which can lead to strokes.Also, an increase in the level of stress due to work, lifestyle and habits such as smoking can increase the chances of contracting the condition. The number of new cases also increases by 25-30 % during winter.\" According to doctors, the common belief that only the elderly are affected during winters has been broken with a rise in the number of younger patients even within the age of 40 years. There has also been a rise in the number of younger women patients who have not yet attained menopause. \"It was seen that women patients were in the age group of 50-55 who have reached menopause. However, stress has led to a change in that trend,\" explained Dr Chaudhary.Doctors also said that the changing lifestyle, especially in the urban population, has reduced their exposure to sunlight which in turn leads to Vitamin d deficiency. \"Research has shown a link between cardiac problems in people who have a deficiency of Vitamin D. The best time suggested for being in the sun this is between 9 and 11am and at least an exposure of over one hour during winter. However, office-goers or homemakers are away from the sunlight during this crucial part of the day staying indoors,\" explained Dr Shilpi Mohan, HOD, cardiology, Colombia Asia hospital. Doctors warn that patients with slightest discomfort must not neglect warning signals and those with a history must pay a visit to their physician to monitor their blood pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11380936", "title": "Anna not to campaign in five states going to polls", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare will not campaign against the Congress-led UPA government during the assembly elections scheduled early this year in Punjab, Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand, Goa and Manipur, Team Anna's core committee member Kiran Bedi said here on Thursday.Hazare had planned to tour the five states and campaign against the Congress for tabling a \"weak\" Lokpal bill in Parliament.\"Anna is not going to campaign as was decided earlier. Doctors have advised him against going on a fast or travelling for at least a month. I also feel he should take rest,\" Bedi said. She was speaking after meeting Hazare at the Sancheti hospital here, where he has been admitted since December 31. Bedi spoke to him for one-and-a-half hours.Bedi said Hazare's health was very important. \"His health has improved ever since he was hospitalised. However, he still requires hospital care and rest, as per medical advice. He cannot be exposed to sudden changes in weather and temperature,\" she said.Bedi said the next meeting of Team Anna's core committee has been planned for Saturday in Delhi. \"Though he will not be attending the meeting, he has shared his views. Anna's message will be conveyed during the meeting, on the basis of which the group will decide strategies and the course of action,\" she said.Hazare was admitted to hospital with chest congestion, cough and backache. Team Anna core committee member Arvind Kejriwal had visited him on Monday and had said that the prospect of Hazare campaigning in the five poll-bound states depended entirely on his health and the advice of doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11382667", "title": "BMRC moots TDRs for Phase 2 land acquisition", "text": "BANGALORE: Nearly 522 public and private properties, of varying sizes, will be demolished to pave way for Phase 2 of the Bangalore Metro rail.The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd's blueprint, which was cleared by the cabinet on Tuesday, has determined the exact number of properties that will be demolished or acquired in the proposed six routes of this phase. Further, the company has estimated the compensation for the acquired properties would be nearly Rs 2,000 crore.The state government and BMRC explored that Transferable Development Rights (TDR) can be a potential means to finance the land cost. The corporation sought the government's permission to issue TDRs in lieu of compensation for acquisition of land. \"The current TDR scheme requires certain systemic improvements to make it more market-friendly and acceptable. A review is necessary and it should result in additional revenue and be attractive for the TDR acquirer,\" K M Shivakumar, additional chief secretary, urban development department, has written to the government.TDR certificates are given to property owners by BBMP or any civic agency in lieu of compensation when her property is acquired for infrastructure works. It's a tool to acquire land without providing monetary compensation. With TDR certificates, property owners can increase the floor area ratio (FAR) of their property and take up construction vertically.BMRC said the number of demolitions in Phase 2 routes would be less compared to Phase 1 as four of the totally six proposed corridors are outside the Central Business District. In the new line, from IIMB to Gottigere to Nagawara, there would no demolition of properties as the major portion is underground (total length is 21.25km of which 13.79km is underground). \"The demolition of properties on another new line -- RV Road to Bommasandra -- would be less as the alignment is on the service road along National Highway-7,\" BMRC sources told TOI.The corporation also said that, unlike in Phase 1, no slums would be affected. \"There's no need for slum rehabilitation. However, a few houses on the RV Road-Bommasandra corridor need to be demolished and affected families will be given a rehabilitation package,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11381828", "title": "Efforts on to trace 2 missing minors from Cunchelim", "text": "MAPUSA: Two minor boys from Cunchelim in Mapusa have been reported missing since January 2.Sajjad Iqbal Shah, 15, and Deepak Raghunath Varma, 14, both residents of Cunchelim and natives of Uttar Pradesh left home at 8am on January 2 saying they were going to play on the nearby playground. As the duo did not return home till evening, their family members, along with neighbours, began searching for them.On Wednesday, the fathers of both the children filed a missing person's report with the Mapusa police. Shah's father admitted that Shah had previously also gone missing for three days and was later found in Mapusa.\"The last time he went missing, he was traced by one of our friends in Mapusa. This time it's been four days and we're getting really worried,\" said Shah's father.The children's parents work as daily wage workers and stay at Cunchelim, some 3km from Mapusa city. The family members admitted that Shah and Raghunath neither go to school, nor are employed.\"As usual, my son wanted to go out to play and we let him. Now he hasn't returned and we're worried because he has never done such a thing before,\" said Raghunath's ailing father.A missing persons case has been registered and efforts are under way to trace the minors, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11381901", "title": "Convicts allege prison officials guilty of smuggling contraband items", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 19 life convicts who allegedly used mobile phones inside the Coimbatore central prison complex, lodged petitions before a judicial magistrate on Thursday stating that prison staff were guilty of smuggling contraband items including mobile phones into the prison.Central prison officials have seized several contraband items from prisoners. Over 60 mobile phones were seized from prisoners in last year and cases were registered at Race Course police station. After registering the case, prisoners were not produced before the judicial magistrate. Consequently, police decided to produce them on Thursday.Over 19 life convicts were taken from Coimbatore central prison to the integrated court complex and produced before judicial magistrate -III (in charge) K Arunachalam. They submitted written petitions to the magistrate stating that they have been lodged in isolated cells for months. They alleged that prison officials demanded money from them and when they refused to give them money, a complaint was falsely lodged against them by the officials.Prisoners and their relatives (visitors) were allowed into the prison complex only after a thorough check. There is no possibility to smuggle contraband items. Mobile phones were smuggled into the prison with the full knowledge of officials said N Panneerselvam, advocate for the prisoners.\"The court has ordered that police should file charge sheets before January 19. We are going to file a writ petitions in Madras High Court against Coimbatore central prison officials for lodging the prisoners in isolated cells,\" said Panneerselvam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11380946", "title": "Food prices drop for first time in 6 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Food inflation turned negative for the first time in nearly six years in late December as prices of vegetables, potato, onion and some cereals fell sharply, prompting analysts to say the data provided headroom for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut interest rates and support growth.Data released by the commerce and industry ministry on Thursday showed food inflation, as measured by the wholesale price index, fell by 3.36% - sharply lower than the previous week's 0.42%. It stood at 20.84% in the same year-ago period.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said there was substantial improvement in the food inflation situation. \"Food inflation has turned negative for the first time in recent memory,\" he told reporters.Thursday's data showed vegetable prices fell by 50.22% year-on-year while potato prices declined an annual 34.01%. Onion prices which had shot up last year fell by 73.74% year-on-year. Wheat prices declined an annual 3.41%. But price of pulses firmed up an annual 13.85% during the week under review.C Rangarajan, chairman of the Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council, said he expects the overall inflation to ease below 7% by end-March. Policymakers have been wrong-footed several times in the past two years while predicting the inflation trend.\"We have to wait for December inflation figures to see if the non-food manufacturing numbers have also followed the same path. The December numbers will indicate when and how RBI will act,\" he told reporters. \"The environment appears to be in favour of the Reserve Bank reversing its monetary policy stance,\" he said.Soaring food prices for more than one year have hit household budgets and contributed significantly to overall inflation which has hovered around double-digits.Economists said the decline in food inflation was largely due to a statistical base effect but also showed that supplies had improved significantly.\"The supplies have been relatively better. We expect December inflation around 7.5% and expect the RBI to first reduce the cash reserve ratio in its January policy and then follow it up with a rate cut over the next two-three months,\" said Samiran Chakraborty, economist at Standard Chartered Bank. Overall inflation in November remained above the 9% mark and data for December is expected next week.Stubborn inflation had forced the RBI to raise interest rates 13 times since last March. It announced a pause in its tightening cycle in the recent policy review. The central bank has said its strategy may now change to supporting growth if there is significant evidence of inflation easing. Analysts and bankers expect the RBI to cut rates soon. The economy is expected to grow around 7.5%, sharply slower than the previous estimate of over 9%.The index for food articles group declined by 0.2% to 190.0 from 190.3 for the previous week due to lower prices of jowar, fruits and vegetables, gram and moong (1% each). But prices of chicken (3%), egg, ragi and maize (2% each) moved up.The data also showed that prices of fruits, milk, egg, meat and fish prices remained stubborn. Protein-based items have remained stubborn due to rising demand and economists say they still remain as pressure points.\"The trend of sharp decline in food inflation has increased the probability of interest rate cuts,\" said D K Joshi, chief economist at ratings agency Crisil.Inflation low, yet prices pinchThe government is exulting in the fact that food inflation has consistently seen a downward swing in recent times. It has now slumped further to settle at -3.36%. Yet the benefits haven't percolated down to the consumers, who are at the receiving end of retail bullying. They are now questioning the significance of an index that fails to reflect ground reality.Food prices in October and November, Delhiites say, were so high that a marginal drop in December made no difference to their lives. Moreover, depending on where they stay and who they buy their vegetables from, Delhiites will be spending differently on the same food.Rama Ghosh, a resident of CR Park, says other than onions and potatoes, all other vegetables either cost the same as they did in November, or there is a very minute difference in their prices. \"I buy vegetables in Govindpuri where the prices have always been lower and the fall in rates has also been sharper,\" she says.Anita Singh of east Delhi claims prices have come down sharply since November. \"I've been buying cauliflower for Rs 20 per kilo,\" she says. But Ruma Roy from Gulmohar Park disagrees. She has been purchasing cauliflower for Rs 30 per kilo, \"a preposterous price for a winter vegetable\".\"Wholesale prices in December 2011 were much lower compared to prices in December 2010. Even now, prices are lower than what they were a month ago, but retailers continue to milk consumers for what they are worth,\" says an official of Azadpur mandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11381326", "title": "MoEF urges range states to conserve cranes", "text": "PUNE: The Union ministry of environment and forests, Bombay Natural History Society, World Wildlife Fund , India, and Wetlands International, a non-governmental organisation, have urged range states - India, China and Bhutan - to cooperate for the conservation of the black-necked crane, a unique species found in the Himalayan high-altitude wetlands.The term 'range state' refers to the countries in which a particular species or biotope is usually found.Experts from these organisations highlighted the urgent need for a regional initiative and collaborative action between the three countries to conserve this species and its habitat. The issue was discussed at the 10th Conference of Parties of Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals held recently at Bergen, Norway.Black-necked cranes are threatened by human encroachment, feral dogs, grazing pressure around wetlands, increasing tourism and unplanned developmental activities. The state bird of Jammu and Kashmir, the species breeds in the Tibetan Plateau, from Ladakh in north India and south-western and western Tibet to the central and eastern parts of Qinghai province of China, the experts said.The major non-breeding populations of the bird are found in China and Bhutan, with a few birds wintering in the northeastern part of India. The species is generally found at an altitude of 3,000-5,000 m above mean sea level in open wetlands and meadows.It is listed in Appendix I of the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species and is classified as 'vulnerable' in the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List of Threatened Species. The species has been placed in Schedule-I of the Indian Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972. China has categorised the bird in the highest class of protection by listing it as endangered in 'class A'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382260", "title": "Hussain promises \u2018clean &amp; green\u2019 city", "text": "HYDERABAD: New mayor of Greater Hyderabad Mohd Majid Hussain on Thursday said he would give top priority to make the city clean and green. Civic infrastructure would be developed in all colonies in the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) limits, the 31-year-old mayor said after taking charge.\"As of now, I do not want to make any specific commitment. I will definitely try to make a difference in the corporation,\" Majid Hussain said.Works being implemented by all the departments would be reviewed for a week, following which a priority list would be prepared, he added.Majid Hussain assumed charge in the presence of Charminar MLA Syed Ahmed Pasha Quadri, former deputy mayor Jaffer Hussain and other corporators and supporters. After taking charge, prayers were conducted by reciting the holy Quran in his chambers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11387865", "title": "I never cheat on my gym routine: Sonu Sood", "text": "He's been one of the fittest stars around and looked just as good as Salman Khan , when he played the wily Chedi Singh in Dabangg.And Sonu Sood's sculpted body does not come without effort. The star says, \"I never ever cheat on my gym routine or on my diet. I avoid oily stuff, try and eat healthy low fat stuff even when I am on outdoor shoots and exercise every single day!\" However, ask the actor what if he's on any outdoor location and the star says, \"Then I just go for long walks! There are times when we shoot outdoors where there is no facility of a gym.So either in the morning before the shooting or after we wind up, I run or go for a long walks. Exercising is something that I cannot do without today.\" And what's the one thing in his diet that he avoids? \"Rice,\" says the actor, adding, \"I must have eaten rice maybe just twice or thrice a year!\"Speaking about the year gone by, the actor who has had four releases in the South in 2011 and Sonu says, \"all the films - two Telugu, one Tamil, and one Kannada - have all done well. So it's been a busy 2011 for me!\" So, ask him on his film Lucky Unlucky, where he debuts as a producer and he says, \"Yeah that goes on the floors in March and though I will feel the pressure, I am also every excited about the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383882", "title": "CR long-distance trains to get extra coaches to tackle rush", "text": "MUMBAI: Due to huge demand, Central Railway (CR) has decided to increase the coaches in some long-distance trains. This includes trains connecting important cities within Maharashtra.CR PRO V Chandrasekar said on Thursday that an additional sleeper class coach will be added to the CST-Latur Express from January 25 ( CST) and from January 26 (Latur); CST-Nagpur Nandigram Express from January 23 (Nagpur) and from January 24 (CST); Sri Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj Terminus-Nagpur Express from January 9 (Kolhapur ) and from January 10 (Nagpur ); Nagpur-Pune Express from January 11 (Nagpur) and from January 12 (Pune); LTT-Varanasi Kamayani Express from January 10 (LTT) and from January 11 (Varanasi); Nagpur-Ahmedabad Prerana Express from January 11 (Nagpur) and from January 12 (Ahmedabad); Kolhapur-Dhanbad Dikshabhoomi Express from January 12 (Kolhapur) and from January 16 (Dhanbad).Other trains have been augmented by two coaches-LTT Sultanpur Express from Jan 15 (LTT) and from Jan 16 (Sultanpur ), Pune-Patna Express from January 12 (Pune) and from Jan 14 (Patna), Pune-Gorakhpur Express from January 12 (Pune) and from Jan 14 (Gorakhpur), Pune-Manduadih Gyanganga Express from Jan 16 (Pune) and from Jan 18 (Manduadih).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11382904", "title": "NCZCC gala from January 6", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A grand handicrafts exhibition along with cultural extravaganza will be organised at the North Central Zone Cultural Centre ( NCZCC) from January 6 to 15.Aptly christened 'Gandhi Shilp Bazar', the exhibition would showcase the rich handicrafts of the country, extending from the snow-clad mountains of Jammu and Kashmir in the North to the southern tip of Kanyakumari. Besides, the display of the various artifacts, there would also be various cultural programmes for the attraction of the public. The programme would be inaugurated by Dr. Rajesh Purohit.On January 6, Pandit Om Prakash Sharma would present a shehnai recital while Richa would showcase her talent in Kathak. Vishnu Raja would show would perform folk song while Sumitra Nandini would sing birha.On January 7, various local artists would perform light music, Bhojpuri song and birha. Further, Ram Lochan from Sonbhadra would perform Dharkahri folk dance and Ram Charan yadav from mahoba would perform folk dance Pai Danda.There would be showcasing of various cultural programmes, including Kathak by Poornima Srivastava, folk song by Ram Babu Yadav and Uday Chandra Pasi, birha by Reoti Raman Chaturvedi. Dharkahri folk dance would be performed by Ram Lochan.In addition, various local artists would perform folk songs and folk dance on January 9.There would also be a Kavi sammelan on Januray 12 in which various poets of the country would participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383487", "title": "Striking staffers must return BMC bonus: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 30,000 employees of the civic body who went on a two-day strike paralyzing essential services in September 2011 will have to return their Diwali bonus in three installments.Justices D K Deshmukh and Anoop Mohta stated that in case the employees won their case before the industrial tribunal, the BMC would have to refund the money to the staff within fifteen days. The court was hearing an application filed by the Sharad Rao-led Mumbai Municipal Mazdoor Union that had challenged a single judge's order cancelling the bonus for the employees who struck work.The union, whose members constitute over 70 % of the 1.24 lakh civic workforce, had gone on a strike over pay. The municipal employees went on strike despite an industrial tribunal's ruling on September 17 prohibiting them from striking work.Subsequently, the BMC decided not to pay Diwali bonus to the employees who struck work. The union moved the tribunal, which asked the civic body in an interim order to pay the bonus.The high court set aside the tribunal's interim order saying that the civic body was justified in denying ex-gratia payment to those employees who participated in the strike. \"This is necessary for maintaining discipline in the establishment, otherwise the employees who participated in the strike will get a signal that despite acting contrary to the order passed by the competent court they are getting benefits conferred on other employees who did not participate in the stir. It will amount to putting a premium on the wrongdoer,\" the court had remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11385934", "title": "Amit Saigal passed away in Goa", "text": "Founder of Rock Street Journal, one of the biggest promoters of alternative music in India, drowned while on vacation in GoaThe granddaddy of rock music journalism, 46-year-old Amit Saigal passed away in Goa on Thursday afternoon. Saigal and his friends had gone for a swim after anchoring his sailboat off Bogmalo beach in Goa.By the time a lifeguard could reach the drowning Saigal, he had already breathed his last. What led to the drowning is not known yet.Amit Saigal's Rock Street Journal (RSJ) is the county's first rock magazine, which he started in 1993. Back then, the music scene was infinitesimally small and scattered around India.Almost two decades later, as we mourn Saigal's untimely death, the rock scene is flourishing. Most musicians and promoters, in one way or another, are indebted to him.A resilient rock fan, Saigal started the magazine from his father's printing press in Allahabad. It was the sort of risk distributors keep an eye out for, to resiliently avoid.But with Saigal's guerilla marketing tactics and the help of the few who believed in the music he was promoting, RSJ flourished. It could never become a media powerhouse, but the magazine's impact on India's struggling indie music scene has been massive.Vishal Dadlani, Bollywood composer and lead vocalist of Pentagram says, \"I've spent thousands of nights at Amit's place talking about music and jamming. I first met him in 1995 when we were still a new band. He wrote so much about us, and supported us. He stood up for rock 'n' roll when no one else would.\"He didn't stop at just writing. Using the brand value RSJ had, he kick-started massive rock gigs, from the Great Indian Rock festival (GIR) that toured metros to Pub Rock fest, which introduced indie music to joints that hardly ever played it. Saigal took indie music to an audience whose understanding of 'Indian music' stopped at Bollywood.Through his events he also gave Indian indie bands a taste of the international music scene. One of them who benefited of this benevolence was Vishwesh Krishnamoorthy, who worked for RSJ and is now the vocalist of India's premier metal band Scribe. He says, \"Amit was the coolest non-young person I know. He was so chilled-out as a boss, I think I learnt being chilled out from him. When we performed for GIR, there were these scouts he had invited from Europe. After the gig, he introduced me to them, and that's how our first international tour happened. He is the papa of indie music in the country.\"His house has acted as a stopover for many Indian bands; his magazine, a launchpad; and his determination, the much-needed fuel for the indie scene. An emotional Monica Dogra, actress and vocalist of Shaair + Func, says, \"He saw a movement when there was none and we are enjoying this music because of what this man did.People like him don't come every generation.\" His name has been trending on Twitter since last afternoon, and condolences have been pouring from anyone who has experienced Indian alternative music. The indie scene will be a little out of tune without him.Little-known facts? Was part of a band called Impact that used to play classic rock tunes? The first RSJ did not have a cover, it was made like a fanzine? The magazine was bi-monthly initially and Amit put the whole thing together himself? He made a foray into promoting electronic music in 2011 with an event called India Music Week", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381800", "title": "Split looming but MCD drafts budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the state government is working out the nuances of MCD's trifurcation, the civic agency on Thursday started preparing its budget for 2012-13. Experts said MCD was wasting time on a futile exercise, given that it will soon cease to exist as a single body.In his budget speech, leader of Opposition JK Sharma, too, attacked the ruling BJP for mismanaging funds and not being realistic while preparing budget estimates. \"The ruling BJP and the administration have not been realistic in preparing the budget in the last few years. The expected revenue was way above the actual earnings in the last few years. In 2010-11, the civic agency claimed it will earn Rs 6, 346 crore as revenue which is almost double of what it earned in the previous year - Rs 3,638 crore,'' said Sharma.With three months to go for municipal polls followed by trifurcation of MCD, the budget session has little meaning as the newly formed corporations will have to prepare a fresh budget depending on the funds received by Delhi Finance Commission. \"The Congress seems to be confused about the functioning of the corporation. Congress councillors are trying to please Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit so that they can get tickets in the upcoming elections,'' said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381807", "title": "Fog in early hours spares domestic operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: As dense fog made its presence at the IGI airport between 1.30am and 7.30am - the peak operation time for international flights - very few domestic operations were affected on Thursday. International flights, most of which are equipped to fly in runway visibility of up to 50m, took off without too many hiccups.The airport faced a power cut at 5.15am and 11.36am due to the fog. Officials said that lines supplying power to the airport tripped due to the heavy fog but the generator back-up kicked in immediately. No major problems were reported due to the power failure.About 50 flights were delayed from around midnight to early morning. \"Delays ranged from 30 minutes to 3 hours and were essentially due to air traffic congestion. Between 1.30am and 3am the runway visual range fluctuated between 75m and 100m on both runways holding up traffic. Only one flight was diverted. ,\" said an airport official.Low visibility procedures were initiated at 8.43pm at the new runway on Wednesday and at 11.15pm on the main runway. Visibility improved only around 8am and LVP was finally lifted at 10.47am. Most operations during this period were under CAT-III conditions with RVR below 350m. Between 1.30am and 7.30am, the airport saw very dense fog conditions with general visibility below 50m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11383429", "title": "Youth held for throwing acid on girl", "text": "KANPUR: Police on Thursday arrested a 20-year-old youth for his alleged involvement in hurling acid on a teenage girl on Birhana Road on Wednesday.The accused, Surya Kamal, a resident of Lal Kurti in Cantt, was apprehended after the girl's family members filed a complaint saying that she was regularly harassed by Surya Kamal, who was forcing her to marry him. During investigation, it was revealed that Kamal, who worked at an almirah shop on Birhana Road, had an affair with the girl. \"The victim had started ignoring Surya Kamal as he used to consume liquor on a regular basis. A case under sections 326/354 has been lodged against the accsued,\" said station house officer, Pheelkhana, Sanjay Tewari.\"Once he was beaten up by the girl's relatives who later handed him over to the Pheelkhana police. He then planned to eliminate the girl,\" police said. On Wednesday night while she was sitting at her paan shop also situated on Birhana Road, a frustrated Surya Kamal reached there on a two-wheeler along with his friend and hurled acid on her and escaped,\" informed the police.The girl, who was rushed to KPM hospital initially, had to be shifted to the burn unit of UHM hospital with 25% burns. She is now out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383785", "title": "Are we angry enough to vote?", "text": "MUMBAI: Over one crore Mumbaikars will be eligible to vote in the February 2012 civic elections, but if the city stays true to its voting patterns over the last two decades, less than 50% citizens will actually exercise their right and get their fingers inked. Analysts are hoping that this year Mumbai will buck the trend given that 2011 was marked by widespread protests and anger over corruption in the government and increased civic activism on the part of concerned citizens.But past precedence shows that even calamities and tragedies that evoked anger towards government apathy did not push Mumbaikars to participate in the election process, and make an informed choice. Take for instance the 2007 civic elections, which were held just one year after the train blasts, and two years after floods of 26/7. Despite widespread anger against the authorities, only 38.63 lakh Mumbaikars of a total of 83.88 lakh registered voters bothered to turn up at voting booths. It was no different in 1997 when wounds of communal riots and unprecedented serial bomb blasts that rocked the city had still not healed. The Maharashtra State Election Commission registered a voter turnout of 44%.\"India has a history of moving only in a crisis. In the recent past, there has not been a crisis grave enough for people to feel that they need to take responsibility and make an informed choice. Following the Emergency and the Bofors scam, people moved and high voter turnout was recorded,\" said Nitai Mehta, founder of NGO Praja which examines trends in governance. \"The middle- and upper middleclasses are the ones who don't vote and issues such as corruption in the civic body hardly affect them. As long as nothing touches them, they don't move. Moreover, one is faced with the problem of not having a good option while voting,\" he added.The question is whether the anger against graft fuelled by Team Anna and the skeletons that tumbled out of the civic body's cupboard during the course of last year will push people to vote for change. In the last two decades, the highest voter turnout was in 1992 with 49%. In 2002, it dropped to 42%-the lowest in the 20-year-period .Mayank Gandhi of the Jagrut Nagrik Manch believes that this year will be no different, and feels that the solution lies in the revamp of the electoral system: \"People don't know the candidates they are voting for. The budget given to a candidate is low and there is hardly any time for campaigning. There should be an extended campaign where candidates will be able to reach out to voters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386168", "title": "Paglu 2 is ready", "text": "Dev and Koel are ready to start shooting for Paglu 2. Says director Sujit Mondal, \"We can the first day of shoot on January 19.While Dev and Koel will be there in this venture, just like in \"Paglu\", Tota Roychoudhury is the latest addition to the cast. Let me also add that this is not a sequel to \"Paglu\". We are simply using the brand name. The script is by NK Salil and it is about this guy who comes to the city from a village.The moment he steps into Kolkata, there's a dhamaka. It is an out-and-out romantic film, half of which will be shot in Kolkata and the rest will be canned abroad. Jeet Gannguli will score the music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383310", "title": "Alimuddin to monitor zonal leaders", "text": "KOLKATA: Party mandarins in Alimuddin Street went into heavy downsizing of the CPM's Kolkata district committee on Thursday, bringing the number of members down from 92 to 70, thereby sending out a terse message to party committees across the state.Senior district secretariat members Kesto Mitra and Asim Banerjee were among the important dropouts. The new district committee also showed the door to Gautam Banerjee, against whom there were complaints of financial irregularities and corruption.Kolkata CPM secretary Raghunath Kushari was re-elected the new secretary. He will hold the post for a limited period till the party congress in April. The new district committee didn't include any fresh invitee to keep the committee trim.While placing his observations on the concluding day of the conference, CPM state secretary Biman Bose said that from now, the state committee will keep tabs on party functionaries - starting from the district secretariat down to the local secretary level.\"It has been our experience in all the districts that the zonal secretaries and local secretaries don't function regularly. Even the party committees could not give a free play to internal democracy that ultimately led to unwanted centralism in the party apparatus. We need to downsize our committees. For, there are instances where the district committee is even larger than the state committee,\" Biman Bose said.He also spoke against the party control over mass organisations. He appreciated the student front and held that leaders of mass organisations can be party members, but it can't be a rule to include them in party committees by dint of their position in mass organisation.Senior district functionaries Moloy Chatterjee, Narayan Nag, Buddhadeb Bose, Gobinda Guha, Asit Nandi, Kishore Ghosh, Jahar Dasgupta were dropped from the new committee. Student leader Kaustav Chatterjee, Tapan Das, Subir Bose are among the new faces in the district committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383860", "title": "Five city post offices to book railway tickets soon", "text": "NAGPUR: The department of posts and Central Railway, Nagpur, are planning to come together to set up reservation counters at five post offices in the city soon. However, even before that happens, the railways have shut down five reservation counters at the Nagpur railway station.The five post-offices which have been identified for the passenger reservation system (PRS) are GPO, Shankar Nagar, Ayodhya Nagar, Hingna MIDC and Kamal Talkies Chowk, informed Satyendra Kumar, senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) of Central Railway.Railway reservation facility through post offices was first announced in the railway budget in 2009 by former railway minister Mamata Banerjee . However, no post office in the city had got a railway reservation counter as yet.The Central Railway is in talks with the department of posts and the proposal is under consideration of chief post master general (CPMG) at Mumbai. \"We expect the modalities to be finalized soon,\" Kumar said.\"The PRS at post offices will ease the burden on railway counters at the main station and will enable local people to use the facility at their doorstep,\" Kumar felt.Railway sources said around 500 post offices were identified to be set up with a PRS system in Maharashtra. Mumbai was to have around 103 such counters. PRS has already been set up at several post offices.However, even as Central Railway plans to come up with the new venture, the flip side is that it has already closed five counters at the Nagpur railway station. This has been done at the cost of Ajni PRS, where four counters were added from September 14, 2011.Nagpur station has 18 reservation counters - 14 on the west side and four on the east side. However, west side is now left with only nine counters. Of these, two are for authorized agents and agencies, one each for senior citizens and party bookings, credit card holders and inquiry. So, the common passengers have been left high and dry, with only four counters.\"It's being penny wise, pound-foolish. Instead of closing down counters, staff should be increased. Railways had opened the counters as there is huge demand. The city is growing and so is its population. Besides, with the advent of Mihan and other projects, floating population is also increasing,\" said Bhagwan Tewani, member, Railway Station Advisory Committee.On the contrary, Satyendra Kumar says reservation counters at main station have been closed down as there is no pressure. Each counter is completing around 110 forms in a six-hour shift. The Railway Board norms say that 180 reservation forms should be completed in one shift.\"The basic idea behind expanding Ajni PRS was to decongest Nagpur railway station. We have also extended timings of counter number 6 for office goers till 10pm. So, shortage of counters is not an issue,\" Kumar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "11382079", "title": "Punjab polls: 1 nomination on day one in Moga", "text": "MOGA: The day one of filing of nominations saw only one independent filing papers from across Punjab. The first nomination has been filed here on Thursday by Navneet, son of Naresh Kapoor, where former Punjab DGP Paramdeep Singh Gill is contesting election on ruling SAD ticket.Moga returning officer Chander Gaind said only one nomination was filed on day one by an independent candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381653", "title": "Railway schedules thrown off-track", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dense fog cover across north India early Thursday morning threw the railway schedule out of gear. A total of 81 trains were delayed, rescheduled or cancelled.Most cancellations though had been intimated several days ago in anticipation of bad weather.The situation worsened after several disruptions were reported on the newly opened third line near Khurjah in North Central Railway zone. The railways though denied any such delays saying the effects had been minor. A total of 17 major trains had to be rescheduled. Among the trains which were pushed back by two to four hours were the Patna (Rajender Nagar) Rajdhani, Howrah Rajdhani, Sealdah Rajdhani, Kanpur Shatabdi, Vikramshila Express and the Porvattar Samparkranti Express.The 54 trains that were delayed, most beyond five hours, included the five Rajdhanis - Howrah, Sealdah, Rajender Nagar, Bhubaneswar and Ranchi. However certain trains from West Bengal and the northeast such as Mahananda Express and Farakka Express (both delayed by over 13 hours) and those from Bihar (Bihar Sampark Kranti Express, Vaishali Express and the Shram Shakti Express) were the worst affected due to heavy fog on the Gaya and Mughalsarai route. \"All the trains are behind schedule. Hence each day the rescheduling is pushing back train timings further. We will need at least three days of fog-free weather on the entire route to brings things back on track,'' said a railway officer.The railways said the project under which senior divisional officers boarded train engines and traversed different routes was paying rich dividends.\"The officers' feedback has helped us plug many loopholes. We have been able to identify the problems faced by drivers and passengers and have taken immediate action. The general manager of Northern Railway S Budalakothi along with the DRMs are supervising the entire project,'' said S K Sharma, CPRO, Northern Railway.This is the first time that Northern Railway will implement colour coding for tracks and home (station) signals, which has already been successfully implemented in other zonal units.\"Speed limits and warnings are regularly painted near the tracks as this is one of the most traditional methods of preventing accidents. Is not 100 per cent safe, but adds to the security,\" said a senior division engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382781", "title": "Students to inspect hostel food", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A significant decision by Panjab University to form a students' food inspection committee to check quality of hostel food has got a thumbs up from pupil. From issuing first warning in case of poor quality of food to eventually imposing fine and subsequently recommending termination of contract of the mess contractor, the committee would have power to do it all.A team of four students and a teacher, comprising one member of student council and three others from various boys and girls' hostels and a warden, will conduct inspections. The decision has come from the PU authorities in a bid to pacify the students' unrest over the hiked prices of hostel food.\"The committee of four students and a teacher can conduct surprise raids in all hostels at any time to check the hygiene and quality of food. In case the committee finds something serious, they can issue a warning, on the second chance a fine can be issued,\" said Amrik Singh Ahluwalia, PU dean Student Welfare. He added that on the recommendation of this committee, the contract of the mess in charge who repeatedly fail to keep up cleanliness or maintain quality of food will be terminated.Common students, on the other, hand are a happy lot and insist on sincere implementation of the decision by PU authorities.\"The price hike issue has been a political eyewash by student leaders. The onus of ensuring the quality of food falls on PU. Only if the common students are made a part of the team with sincerity will improvement take place,\" said Vikas Sharma, a student of boys' hostel 4 on PU campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388812", "title": "Justin Timberlake 'serious' about Elton role", "text": "Justin Timberlake is \"seriously\" considering being playing Sir Elton John in a biopic about his life.The British singer has previously said he is very keen to have Justin portray him in the film - thought to be named 'Rocket Man' - and now the 'Social Network' star is giving thought to the huge part.A source told E! News: \"Justin is taking it very seriously. He's working with his people to figure out exactly how to respond.\"Were he to sign up it would not be the first time Justin had played Elton - he previously portrayed his younger self in the video for song 'This Train Don't Stop Here Anymore'.An official statement about the film is expected to made in the coming weeks, but Elton has revealed it will not be a straight-forward biopic.He said: \"It's going to be a surreal look at my life, and not just a factual look at my life, more in the manner of a 'Moulin Rouge!'\"I just don't want it to be a normal biopic because my life hasn't been like that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382357", "title": "Consider negative vote in EVMs: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday told the state election commission (SEC) to consider including the negative vote option in electronic voting machines (EVMs) for the February 16 civic elections.A division bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani was hearing a petition filed by Thane activist Dr Mahesh Bedekar, pointing out that there was a need to maintain secrecy of the negative vote. His advocate, S M Gorwadkar, argued that while the EC had provided for casting a negative vote, it was not there in ballot papers. He said that with EVMs being used since 2005, there was a separate form to cast a negative vote. \"There must be secrecy as the voter can be identified and harassed,'' said Gorwadkar. The Election Commission of India advocate said there was \"substance'' in Bedekar's prayer and added that it had taken up the issue with the Centre.SEC advocate Sachin Shetye said the negative vote option was under consideration but cannot be implemented for this election. The judges directed the SEC to reply within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11382397", "title": "30-year-old woman hit by bus, suffers back injury", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the traffic police are observing the annual Road Safety Week, a woman was injured at the Nashik Road bus stand, when a driver was reversing a bus recently.The injured woman, Julie Sarode (30), has been admitted to the Nashik Road Multi-Specialty Hospital, A complaint has been registered at the Nashik Road police station against the bus driver on Wednesday.Sarode, who has been brought up by her maternal uncle in Nashik Road, had come to Nashik for Christmas celebrations. On January 2, she was leaving for her home at Devlali Davra, in Rahuri of Ahmednagar district, where she stays with her husband.While she was feeding her one-year-old child on the steps of the bus stand, driver Dattu Gire, who was reversing the bus, accidently hit her. Her maternal sister Rita, managed to pull the child away. Julie's backbone has been injured and the child received some bruises on his thigh.Sarode's maternal aunty Ranjana Salve said, \"We initially rushed her to the Municipal Corporation Hospital at Nashik Road but since the hospital did not have the required facility, we had to take her to a private hospital.\"Ranjana Salve said, \"We are running from pillar to post to cover expenses. The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) authorities have said that they would provide compensation but right now we do not have money for the daily medical expenses.\"The medical staff at the private hospital said that they will have to shift her somewhere else as the victim would not be able to bear the expenses of the hospital. Julie's family members say her backbone has been severely damaged. Her intestines too have been damaged. As of now, they are making rounds at the MSRTC office to see if they could get some aid.Officials at the Nashik Road bus stand said that the infrastructure at the bus stand is in a pathetic condition. \"The stand is too small to handle so many buses,\" said the officials.Meanwhile, the Nashik Road Police have registered a complaint against the bus driver under various sections of Indian Penal Code as well as Motor Vehicle Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386672", "title": "On a musical note", "text": "To celebrate the spirit of women power, Star Jalsha showcases the 'Niharika' concert on Saturday, 7th January'12 at 11 am.Nihar Naturals one of the leading and power brands of Bengal in collaboration with Star Jalsha is holding this one of its kind musical concert that will bring together Bengal's finest and leading bands, composers and singers on the same platform. Nihar had created the Niharika album that is a magical compilation of talents ranging from Anupam to Chandrabindoo, Anindya Bose , Silajit, Rupankar, Sukanya, Lopamudra, Cactus, Jai and Prasenjit, comprising of nine musical renditions reflecting Nihar's unwavering belief in the progressive women of today.Today, women play an irreplaceable role in the evolution of our society as they rise beyond stereotypes to become women of substance. They have been recognized for sporting intelligence, versatility and creativity in each of the roles and personalities that they play in real life. The Niharika concert promises to take and one all through the various renditions, moods and expressions that reflects the conviction, confidence and charisma of the women present in each one of our lives.Ruman Ganguly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11381764", "title": "Congress poll panel's chief Oscar expected on Saturday", "text": "PANAJI: Congress party's screening committee chairman and Union minister Oscar Fernandes is likely to visit the state in next two days to take stock of the situation before finalizing the Congress tickets.Screening committee meeting is likely to take place in Delhi somewhere in mid January to discuss and finalize the Congress candidates for the assembly elections.Sources in the Congress said \"Fernandes is likely to arrive in Goa in next two days.\" He his likely to hold a meeting with some shortlisted candidates and party leaders. Sources also said that during his visit Fernandes may meet representatives of the Church to discuss the election issue.Sources also said that after the screening committee finalizes the names, it will be sent to the central election committee before it is sent to All India Congress committee president Sonia Gandhi for final clearance.\"The official announcement of candidates is expected in the first week of February,\" added sources.Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) are likely to meet next week to discuss the seat sharing for the assembly elections. \"Congress-NCP seat sharing will mostly be finalized by January 20,\" sources said.Sources in the Congress also said that the party may allot an additional seat to NCP apart from the existing six seats which they have contested in 2007 assembly elections.Congress party has also decided to give two tickets for the Youth Congress and one for the Muslim community.Public works department ( PWD) minister Churchill Alemao's daughter Valanka Alemao and former youth Congress president Sankalp Amonkar are likely to get tickets from the Youth Congress quota.Sources also said that the Congress party is likely to field a Muslim candidate in either Fatorda or Momugao constituencies. The Muslim community has been pressurizing the Congress party to consider at least one ticket for a Muslim candidate for the assembly elections. Congress sources also said that there is a delay in Canacona BJP MLA Vijay Pai Khot joining the party because there is a strong opposition within the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11387979", "title": "Unease within BJP over Babu Singh Kushwaha's induction grows", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unease within BJP over induction of tainted former BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha, who is facing CBI inquiry in the Rs 2,000 crore NRHM scam, has grown further with more leaders joining the chorus against the decision.Maneka Gandhi , BJP MP from Aaonla in Uttar Pradesh, criticised the decision to induct Kushwaha a day after leaders like Yogi Adityanath and Kirti Azad openly criticised the move to bring into the party fold a man the party was targeting for involvement in the NRHM scam.\"Taking into the party people who have been thrown out by BSP does not show us in good light. Nobody was consulted before inducting him. These leaders were reaping illegal benefits as ministers and no work was done,\" Gandhi said.There are reports that firebrand leader Uma Bharati is also not happy with Kushwaha's induction. However, she refused to comment, saying she does not discuss such matters with the media and she would air her views only to the party. Later she issued a statement that she media reports that saying that she won't campaign for the UP elections are false. She won't campaign for the first few days for reasons she did not mention.Bharati is also miffed that her candidates are not being accommodated in ticket distribution. Other than Kushwaha, she is opposed to the induction of Bhadshah Singh who had fallen out with her during the 2002 elections in UP.Senior leaders LK Advani, Sushma Swaraj and Murli Manohar Joshi have already opposed the decision.With a growing number of leaders opposing Kushwaha's induction, rumours were thick that the decision may be revoked. But sources close to party president Nitin Gadkari said he is likely to stick to his decision on the argument that Kushwaha will bring OBC votes to the party.BJP leader Yashwant Sinha defended the decision, saying Kushwaha has come as a \"whistleblower\" to the party and will expose the deeds of UP chief minister Mayawati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11381703", "title": "FIR against ex-secy of Rajasthan Polo Club", "text": "JAIPUR: An FIR has been filed at Ashok Nagar police station against Vikram Rathore, former secretary of Rajasthan Polo Club and Govind Sharma, a member of executive committee for embezzlement of money. According to additional deputy commissioner of police (Addl CP) Karan Sharma , the FIR has been registered by Digvijay Singh , the current secretary of the club.\"Singh claims that Rathore and Sharma opened an account with UCO Bank on the basis of fraudulent documents and got the cheques from the club cleared. Singh also claims that the embezzlement came to light recently when he took over as secretary,\" said addl CP Sharma. Singh has also alleged that Rathore's act has brought a bad name to the club. He added that the alleged embezzlement took place from 2007.\"We have registered an FIR, but the complainant is yet to provide us relevant documents proving any embezzlement. After we get these documents, further investigation will be initiated,\" said Addl CP. The officer added that the records from the bank will also be collected.However, Rathore claimed that the bank account had been opened to deposit money from sponsors of club's golden jubilee celebrated in 2007. Not a single penny was withdrawn or deposited in cash and all the transaction happened through cheques, he said adding that money was spent on golden jubilee celebration programs.\"The present secretary has lodged the FIR to hide his own embezzlement,\" said Rathore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11382077", "title": "Peak-hour power rates for HT users go up", "text": "GURGAON: Tariff hikes have become a recurring feature in the monthly calendar of the industrialists in Udyog Vihar. First there was the much-opposed imposition of fixed charges for industrial connections.And now, the electricity commission has increased the peak hour rates for high-tension users by Rs 2 per unit. Industrial tariff in Haryana, according to Udyog Vihar's industrialists, is among the highest in the country, at around Rs 8 per unit, an estimate inclusive of all taxes and fixed charges. \"And if you add Rs 2 for the peak load hours, the whole thing will reach above Rs 10 a unit, which is what we pay for using diesel generators,\" said Raj Singla, the Gurgaon convener for the MSME Federation of Haryana. The new charges have already been implemented, and are meant only for high-tension subscribers who have electronic meters installed.Subscribers willing to run their units during peak hours, that is, between 7 and 10 in the evening, will have to pay the extra charges. This comes in the wake of power minister Ajay Yadav's statements to the effect that a further tariff hike might be in the offing this year. The power discom, DHBVN, has reportedly been incurring constant losses, a reason often cited for the rate hike. \"We are preparing our annual report now. There are losses,\" a DHBVN official told TOI. All through 2011, Udyog Vihar's industry owners have opposed the tariff hikes imposed by the Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission, finally taking the matter to the appellate tribunal for electricity in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382612", "title": "Inspector, 3 constables booked", "text": "HYDERABAD: Following a directive by the Nampally criminal court, the Punjagutta police have registered a case against Humayun Nagar inspector P Madhukar Swamy for aiming his service revolver at a resident of Sitarambagh a few days ago.According to the FIR, MA Aleem went to inquire with Madhukar as to why his relatives had been taken to the police . Aleem alleged that the inspector shouted at him and asked him to get out of his room. Aleem also alleged that he was slapped by the inspector who later pointed his service revolver at him. Subsequently, he asked constables Shiva, Vinay and Vijay to put Aleem in the lock-up. Aleem later approached the court to lodge a private complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11383971", "title": "City to be divided into vendor zones", "text": "BHOPAL: The Urban Administration and Development Department (UADD) has proposed to divide the state capital into four zones in a bid to regulate the street vendors and decongest traffic. The department will put into place the scheme if the state government approves it.If all goes well, the model on implementation will be replicated in other cities of the state.The business of vendors and hawkers in the state is being streamlined after the Street Vendors (Protection of Livelihood) Act 2011 was passed in the state assembly last year.Bhopal will be divided into four zones depending on the markets- registered vending zone (green zone), non-registered vending zone (yellow zone) and red vending zone (red zone). Presently, Bhopal has around 13000 registered hawkers and around 40 officially mapped hawkers zones out of which only 20 are functional.This proposal, if approved by the government, will be effective in another six months, the UAD officials assured. \"We have come up with this proposal for a better coordination between the administrators and vendors keeping in mind decongestion of heavy traffic pressure areas,\" joint director UADD, PM Pandey told TOI.\"We are also providing street vendors with identity cards which would mention their zones. No vendor will be allowed to do business beyond the limits of his zone,\" he added.Vendors in the weekly markets, night markets and seasonal markets during festivals located near the residential areas and having roads wider than 25 feet will be licensed to sell under the green zone.Under the non-registered zone or the yellow zone, vendors will be permitted to sell on a prescribed day or during the prescribed time. Under this category, entry of vendors can be allowed from commercial areas from 6.00 am to 9.00 pm.The red zone will be no-vendor zone. No vendors would be allowed on the roads with heavy traffic. Also vendors would be prohibited within the radius of 100 meters of the places with archaeological and heritage importance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11383057", "title": "New insurance plan to save tax", "text": "PATNA: Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd on Thursday announced the launch of Dhan Suraksha Platinum, an insurance solution for high net worth individuals to save taxes.Talking to reporters here, a senior official said the plan offers guaranteed savings and protection.It involves one-time premium payment and, as such, is hassle free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11383308", "title": "Foreign flavour to desi beats", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Dhanu Yatra got a new flavour this year with dance troupes from Russia and Japan putting up shows. But all them were dancing to desi beats of Dhol and Nishan much to the amazement of the people, who had gathered around the Rang Sabha for a glimpse of the yatra.\"We were surprised when dancers from Russia started dancing to local Sambalpuri beats. The dance was worthy of applause because it was something rare. We are thankful to the organizers for this brilliant idea,\" a local, Ram Kumar Seth, said.Dhanu Yatra, the world biggest open air theatre begins every year during January and continues for 11 days. During this festival, Bargarh is transformed into Mathura and demon king Kansa begins his rule. The event concludes with the death of Kansa in the hands of Krushna.The nearby Ammapali is transformed into Gopapur and river Jira is considered Yamuna. The entire town become subjects of the kingdom. Officials of the district, including collector and SP become officials of the king. \"Since the event started in 1948 we have seen many artistes performing the role of Kansa. Among them are Judhistir Sathpathy and Gopal Sahu, who performed for 15 and 22 years respectively. Hrusikesh Bhoi has been performing this role since 2009,\" a member of the organizing committee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382961", "title": "2 ONGC officials arrested for graft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two ONGC officials were trapped by a team of state Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) officials on Thursday evening. The duo had demanded Rs 5 lakh for not creating borewells for oil in a man's farm in Gandhinagar.According to ACB officials, they received a complaint from Ramesh Patel, a resident of Shankar Society in Naranpura, who claimed that the two ONGC officials demanded the money from him earlier this month.\"Patel owns a farm land near Moti Adraj village in Gandhinagar district. The property's caretaker informed him a week ago that two officials wanted to talk to him about the matter. One of the officials called him up and met him at Bhat where Patel's construction site is located. The duo introduced themselves as A K Singh and R S Patel, officials from ONGC,\" said an ACB official. tnnThe duo told Patel that his farm is on a major pipeline and they would have to bore it to install pumps. He would not receive any compensation for it and would lose the land instead. They demanded Rs 16 lakh for not going ahead with creating two bore wells. After bargaining, the duo decided on Rs 5 lakh and Patel paid them Rs 1 lakh on the spot.\"Singh called Patel on Wednesday and demanded the remaining Rs 4 lakh. Patel then informed ACB about the deal. A team led by inspectors K T Kamariya and R S Sharma kept a watch on exchange of money. When the duo accepted the package of marked currency notes, they were caught red-handed by the team. The duo was arrested by ACB Gandhinagar for demanding and accepting bribe,\" said a senior ACB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11380346", "title": "Have stashed Rs60cr abroad: Delhi businessman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi-based businessman is believed to have admitted to more than Rs 60 crore of unaccounted wealth stashed in the US, Singapore and Swiss accounts after income-tax investigators descended on his Sainik Farms residence on Thursday.The I-T action at the energy sector consultant's residence saw documents related to his bank deposits of more than $14 million being seized. Officials are understood to be trailing deposits of more than Rs 150 crore.The investigation is part of the crackdown on \"black money\" account-holders in the HSBC, Geneva \"black money\" list passed on to India by the French government last year. Information regarding some 700-odd accounts was handed over to India. The consultant is understood to have links with some high-profile politicians.Officials from the newly-formed directorate of criminal investigation conducted the raid as action on black money accounts has been put in high gear with opposition parties launching a high-decibel campaign demanding that names of account-holders be revealed. The UPA government is keen to show it is not letting offenders off the hook before the Budget session when the opposition may well raise the matter again.The consultant's South Extension offices were also visited by officials. The businessman is understood to be close to some senior politicians, and is a regular in Delhi's party circles. He is believed to have already admitted to deposits of $8 million in US banks, $5 million in Singapore and $1.5 million in Zurich . Documents disclosing these details were also recovered from his Sainik Farms house.Under the double-taxation avoidance treaties, India can prosecute black money account-holders only for tax- related offenses. The information handed over by the French government was received by a joint secretary in the finance ministry and given to investigators in the I-T department. It has not been shared with the Enforcement Directorate that can make arrests for money laundering.I-T officials have simultaneously sealed eight bank lockers belonging to the accused, keys for which were recovered from the businessman's possession. The eight banks where the consultant had lockers included SBI , HDFC and ICICI Bank , all in Delhi.Sources said Indian businessmen have large deposits in the Swiss bank. In one case in the HSBC list, I-T recovered Rs 70 crore from a Chennai businessman. A top industrialist from Mumbai has admitted to having deposits of Rs 1,000 crore though the details appearing in the HSBC list reveal the amount could be close to Rs 1,800 crore.When the opposition in Lok Sabha had sought details of actions against HSBC account-holders and disclosure of names, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said names could not be disclosed at this point since India is bound by a bilateral agreement and the government may face problem in securing more information in case of any breach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11383356", "title": "Hasan Ali aide produced in court", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Kashinath Tapadia, aide of billionaire businessman Hasan Ali, was produced in the district court here for misappropriation of provident fund (PF) of the employees of Indian Cable Company Ltd (Incab). Tapadia,who is a former chairman of the Incab, was brought to the city by Mumbai police on Wednesday on production warrant from Mumbai's Arthur Road Jail, where he is currently lodged in connection with hawala case.He was produced in the first class judicial magistrate's court of S N Sinha. The district court had issued warrant against Tapadia in connection with the case lodged by the then district labour enforcement officer in Golmuri police station in 1994 against Tapadia and three other officials - P M Dhar (VP-works), P R Mukherjee (GMworks) and D N Singh, senior executive of the company. All three officials are acquitted in the case but Tapadia didn't appear before the court despite two warrants issued against him.Following his deposition on Wednesday, the court has asked Tapadia's counsel to produce him on January 18 for the next hearing. Tapadia is an accused in embezzlment of employees' PF amount to the tune of Rs 21.4 lakh. Tapadia,who claims to have come close to Ali for seeking funds for ailing Incab, is lodged in the Arthur Road Jail for his alleged connivance with the Pune-based billionaire in hawala transactions.\"The PF fund has already been deposited with the concerned agency. There is not much substance in the case anymore. Though formal hearing of the case will continue till the acquittal process is complete. The three other officials of the company who were accused in the case are already acquitted,\" said Ashok Singh, counsel for Tapadia. Incab, once a leading name in cable manufacturing with 1400-odd employees, is closed since the last decade, but efforts for its revival have gained momentum in the last few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383570", "title": "Army housing norm under HC scanner", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Thursday admitted a petition filed by an army officer challenging a rule that does not permit an unmarried army officer with dependant parents to avail married accommodation.Justices D K Deshmukh and Anoop Mohta were hearing a petition filed by Lieutenant Colonel J Georgg, a bachelor, challenging Rule 4 of the Army Order 1986 that defines 'family' as husband, wife and children and excludes father and mother. He said the rule is unreasonable and ultra vires to Article 14 of the Constitution (right to equality). Georgg was commissioned in the Indian Army in 1991 and was posted in Mumbai in June 2009. He was allotted married accommodation on the grounds of his father, a retired colonel, and his mother were receiving medical treatment. On November 12, 2011, he was posted in Srinagar.Georgg's application to retain accommodation was rejected on November 28, 2011, and he was asked to vacate the house by January 12. His plea said he was given married accommodation after it was clarified that a single officer is eligible for the same on administrative grounds and depending on the merits of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11380378", "title": "City airport is tourism hotspot too", "text": "NAGPUR: Bigger international airports allow students an 'educational tour' to enable them to study how airports function. Though city's Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport does not do that yet, it has nevertheless emerged as big attraction for students.Students from city schools and also from other smaller towns of Vidarbha visit the airport to see aircraft land and take off from visitors' gallery. Responding to the trend, Mihan India Ltd (MIL), the airport operator company has reduced its entrance fee for students from Rs 15 to just Rs 5. \"With the reduced rates the students coming from economically backward classes would not be anymore deprived from watching major developments at airport operational area\", a senior MIL official claimed.What's more, it is also thinking of starting a conducted tour programme for students that would allow the children to enter the operational area and study all the operations up close. They would also be allowed to see air traffic control operations. Students and people other than passengers will be given entry in viewers' gallery airport at nominal rates. The MIL has already reduced the parking charges for vehicles so that more users make use of parking facilities and also reduced the standard viewers' gallery rates to Rs 15, the official stated.He said that Nagpur airport, that saw new terminal inaugurated almost four years ago (April 14, 2008), had emerged as a favourite spot for school and college students. It also saw a sharp increase in passenger traffic that crossed 7 lakh mark in 2011 as a number of flights have restarted. Visitors, especially school students from nearby city areas and cities like Chandrapur, Wardha, Hinganghat, Warora, Umred, Ramtek etc, have also increased at city airport.Sources at airport informed that everyday almost 250 to 300 school students from remote areas of Vidarbha visit the viewer's gallery to have a glimpse of aircraft landing and taking off. There are many students who wish to visit airports and gain knowledge about their activities. It helps them gain knowledge and children are happy as every child has a lot of fascination for aeroplanes, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11382084", "title": "Neel Pawan Baruah\u2019s paintings on display at State Art Gallery", "text": "GUWAHATI: Around 87 paintings by the Neel Pawan Baruah are on display at the State Art Gallery as part of an exhibition titled 'Neel Pawan Baruah- an exhibition of paintings', an initiative undertaken by the Nabakanta Baruah Foundation.\"Around seven paintings by Baruah were sold until Wednesday and some, with prices ranging from Rs 25,000 to 65,000, have even been booked by art collectors in the city. The exhibition is to continue for three more days, so we are hoping to sell more of his paintings,\" said Subhokar Lashkar, an accomplished painter who is also monitoring the exhibition.\"My father Nabakanta Baruah was good friends with Neel Pawan Baruah. Therefore, we, at Nabakanta Baruah Foundation have taken this initiative as part of his memorial commemoration. When we asked Baruah sir, he readily agreed to give us some of his paintings, which consists of some of his most valuable and precious works. I am glad that some of his paintings have been sold,\" said Uppala Baruah, daughter of Nabakanta Baruah.The 87 paintings on display are a part of his collection that was composed in the last 10 to 15 years. Baruah, who is considered a genius for using unusual mediums to portray his paintings, scoffs at being branded as an artist framed within a typical genre. \"I don't want to acknowledge my paintings as abstract but what I want to say is that my paintings are abstract carrying a form through which an image or images are created and that exhibits an idea,\" said Baruah.He has used Charminar cigarette packs as a medium and made the bright amber coloured cover glistens more with the forms and caricatures of figures etched in it. Not only cigarette packs, he has even rendered dull cardboard matchboxes interesting through his artistic dexterity.\"The art forms on the match boxes and the Charminar cigarette packs are a part of my old collection, which I made in the sixties and seventies when I was a heavy smoker. I get drawn by everyday objects which are considered unimportant, and which I can bring to life with some figures or forms,\" added the artist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "11383076", "title": "There's a Badal burst over Lambi", "text": "BATHINDA: Lambi is under a thick Badal cover. It always was, having elected CM Parkash Singh Badal thrice to the assembly. This time around, the blanket is thicker than ever, given that two men bearing the Badal surname are in the fray. A third is likely to be the Congress nominee.The CM and younger brother, Gurdas, were till recently on the same side. Gurdas nursed the constituency for Parkash Singh Badal. Both command respect. Today, the CM is the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) mascot. Gurdas is fighting for the People's Party of Punjab, a party his son Manpreet floated. Estranged from his uncle Parkash Singh, Manpreet was state finance minister before he quit SAD and the government over differences with his uncle. The third Badal likely to join the race is cousin Mahesh Inder, who could be the Congress nominee.Punjab votes on January 30. By then, the electorate must come to terms with what they describe as \"dharma sankat\" and pick one of the three. As of now, Lambi's voters seem undecided. Their dilemma is natural. Gurdas has been a familiar face. For years, he has nurtured Lambi for his elder brother. Now, he's on the other side asking voters to favour him. Mahesh Inder's presence queers the pitch further.Mahesh Inder concedes it's different this time. One who has taken on cousin Parkash Singh twice before, he says: \"This is third time I'll be pitted against him. But the scenario looks changed as I have my other brother contesting from the same constituency as well.\"On the road to Lambi from Bathinda, a group of villagers lounge around a sath - a place where residents spend free time playing cards, chatting -the topic of discussion is the Badals and the awkwardness of having to pick one Badal over two others.Naib Singh and Mukhpal Singh were basking in the sun at Khyowali near Badal village. \"It's not just Mahabharata that would be enacted at Lambi, but Ramayana too,\" Mukhpal said. The Singhs said that like in the Ramayana , the brother who changed sides (ghar ka bhedi Lanka dhaye) could well end up winning.Jagroop Singh, Sher Singh, Makand Singh and Midda Ram of Khyowali village insist the role Gurdas Badal played was always very important in ensuring victory for Badal Senior. \"But now we have three Badals to pick from,\" Sher Singh said. At Lambi , Gurvinder, Sukhvinder and Pritam were just as confused. \"It is tough for us. We are with the Badals, but which one to vote for?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11383018", "title": "Registration for first-time voters begins at MMC", "text": "PATNA: Over 200 enthusiastic first-time voters of Magadha Mahila College (MMC) registered their names in the voters ID card on the inaugural day of the registration on college premises here on Thursday.Neelu Kumari (18), a BA second-year student, who was very excited about her voter ID card said, \"I am very excited that now I will have a proof of being a citizen of India. Now I can actively participate in all the decision-making processes of our country.\"MMC is conducting this registration process under the directives of the Election Commission of India to make voter ID card of all girl voters in various colleges here so as to increase their participation in voting.\"The registration process will continue till January 24,\" said Shashi Sharma, HoD, political science. She is also the nodal officer of the registration process at the college.Sharma said there were around 4,000 students in the college and less than 5% have their voter ID cards. \"Along with the students, we are also registering our staff and ex-students who are still in contact with the college,\" Sharma said.For voter ID card registration, all that is required is the college ID-card, a passport size photograph, address proof , an authority letter from parents / guardians / lodge owner (wherever the student stays) and Class X certificate. Students staying in college hostel have to fill an additional form that will be used as their residential proof.BA first year student Harshika Priya, who stood in the queue for registration, said, \"It's time to change the political scenario of our country and it can be possible only with youth's participation.\"Mamta Kumari (19), a first-year political science student, said: \"I am against corruption. After getting my voter ID card, I can vote for the honest candidate.\"On January 11, MMC is also organizing a workshop to create awareness among the students about the importance of voting. Students who have registered here will receive their voters ID card on January 25 at the SK Memorial Hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383592", "title": "Stalin son quizzed in land-grab case", "text": "CHENNAI: Former chief minister M Karunanidhi's grandson and film producer Udayanidhi Stalin on Thursday appeared before the investigation officers of the anti-land grabbing cell. Having got anticipatory bail in a case, he had surrendered before a magistrate on Wednesday. As per the bail conditions imposed by the Madras high court, he has to sign the register at the cell for a month.Udayanidhi and his counsel came to the commissioner's office at 9.55am. As landgrab wing assistant commissioner of police P R Jesurajan was away, inspector S Kader Batcha got the signature from Udayanidhi and questioned him in the presence of his counsel led by advocate K S Ravichandran.\"Police personnel asked me whether I have rented the house bought by Venugopal Reddy, one of the accused in the case. I replied 'yes',\" Udayanidhi said after submitting the anticipatory bail copy. Udayanidhi, wearing jeans and a shirt, appeared composed. After the questioning, he walked towards the main entrance and got into his car.Central crime branch sleuths on November 30, 2011 registered a case of cheating against Udayanidhi, his father M K Stalin and four others based on a complaint from N Seshadri Kumar, a businessman, who said he was forced to sell his 6,000sq ft land off Cenotaph Road to Venugopal Reddy.Udayanidhi Stalin and his aide Rajasankar were granted anticipatory bail by the Madras high court on December 7 and later got an extension of the bail. According to the bail condition, Udayanidhi has to appear before the land grabbing cell at 10am every day for amonth. His lawyers said they would approach the Madras high court to relax the bail conditions.Rajasankar, another accused in the case, had surrendered before the magistrate court and got bail on December 14. On December 1, Stalin had met additional directorgeneral of police (administration) T Rajendran and submitted two petitions. He said the case was foisted against him out of political vendetta.On December 14, complainant Seshadri Kumar and a sub-registrar of Madurai, Paul Pandi, who registered the property in the name of Venugopal Reddy from Kumar, gave statements before the magistrate separately under the Section 164 of Criminal Procedure Code supporting the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11381496", "title": "Delhi woman held with 31K microchips in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Customs officials at the Bengaluru International Airport on Thursday arrested a 41-year-old woman and seized 31,520 microchips from her. Delhi-based Rosy Bhatia had concealed the consignment in her stockings.The memory cards seized were worth over Rs 63 lakh, officials said. She was arrested soon after she alighted from a flight from Bangkok around 3am. Each chip is of 2GB size.Her passport revealed that Rosy was a frequent flyer. This was her maiden visit to Bangalore. \"We have alerted officers at other airports including Delhi, seeking information on the accused,\" a customs officer said.\"Soon after arriving, she was passing through the green channel without declaring the goods and their value in the customs declaration form. We suspected something wrong. A woman officer checked her and found the smuggled goods concealed in her stockings,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11381476", "title": "Health department sets target to sterilize 1% of population", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical, health and family welfare department has set the target for sterilization for the current financial year, which is one per cent of the total population in every district. The department has given chief medical and health officers (CMHO) of every district in the state this target. The CMHOs who achieve the targets would be rewarded while those who fail to do so would be served notices asking for explanation.The reason for setting the target is to reduce the total fertility rate (TFR), which is the average number of children that would be born to a woman over her lifetime. At present Rajasthan has TFR which is 3.3, but it come down to 2.1 by 2016. Moreover, it is also considered as a health indicator-- higher the TFR, higher would be health-related problems in the state.The department denied that they have given any such targets. \"It is wrong to say that we have given targets to districts. But, we call it expect level of achievement, which is 1%,\" said demographer (family welfare) JP Jat .Moreover, the department official said 1% of the population needs sterilization, which they have scientifically and numerically calculated. There are 10.2% eligible couples in the state, so it was decided that those who have completed their families should be targeted.Besides, the medical officials in the districts are not happy with the new directive of the state government. Some of the officials claimed that it is the individual decision to get sterilized in such cases. They questioned as to how the target can be set when no one can be forced to for it.However, it has started giving result. So far during the financial year (April to November 2011), 1.46 lakh people got sterilized which is 16.92% higher as compared to the corresponding period last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11383946", "title": "Delay over, Aadhaar no. on UIDAI website soon", "text": "RANCHI: Tired of waiting for your Aadhaar number even after several weeks of enrollment? Here's a solution in hand. This was conveyed to hundreds of villagers in Meru panchayat in Hazaribag district by none other than the director general of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), R S Sharma, himself.Sharma, who is here on a three-day visit to review the progress of Aadhaar enrollment and overview online retail payment through Aadhaar Payment Bridge (APB), was talking to villagers and media persons at Hazaribag on Thursday. Receiving complaints about postal delay in the delivery of Aadhaar numbers, Sharma said soon the department website will be equipped to dole out an Aadhaar letter to an individual who has been enrolled with his biometrics and other details.\"The idea is to upload a software with which any user can log into a given link on the UIDAI website (uidai.gov.in) enter his or her enrollment number, name and pincode of the region and access his or her Aadhaar number,\" he said, adding that a printout of the same page electronically signed would be considered a legal document as per new the IT law of the country.While in Hazaribag, he witnessed online payment of cash to NREGA beneficiaries linked through Aadhaar numbers. Members of people living below poverty line (BPL) who were assured one time allowance of Rs 100 to compensate for the loss that they suffer in coming to the Aadhaar centre for enrollment by the authority while launching the scheme was also realized practically. Sharma ensured that the payment of compensation amount was immediately credited to the account of the BPL member who came for enrollment and was having a bank account.Later in the day, he met chief minister Arjun Munda to apprise him of the developments. In yet another meeting with development commissioner, Devashish Gupta, NREGA commissioner, Ajay Kumar Singh, and deputy commissioners of Ranchi, Saraikela and Ramgarh (in the absence of Hazaribag DC), he asked them to connect retail payment to the beneficiaries at the earliest.While the state has agreed to give 2% commission to business correspondents on every transaction of NREGA payment realized through APB, UIDAI also proposed to the state to increase the network of business correspondents in rural areas where there is no bank in place. Gupta proposed to link up grocery shops with the facility of handheld devices which is used to seek finger print of the Aadhaar number holder and receive payment.\"We can also engage retired bank employees and retired government employees as BCs to ensure that the money they carry during transaction is safe,\" Gupta proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11382058", "title": "Demand for kite on cakes soars", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city's long forgotten its Christmas and New Year bash and is gearing up to celebrate Lohri next week. Topping the list of goodies are cakes made to look like colourful kites to mark the season's best loved activity - kite flying.Businessman Puneet Garg, a resident of Agar Nagar, said he had recently distributed 140 such cakes among relatives and friends. Puneet, who plans to celebrate his son's first birthday and Lohri with a big bash, wanted to send invites to his friends and family members in style.\"Giving a box of sweets has become too common so I decided to give cakes. I spoke to my family about getting the cakes made in a shape that would represent Lohri and this season. After discussing we decided to get it made in the shape of kites because around this time residents enjoy flying kites,'' said Puneet. He added that all his invitees loved the cake's shape.Chaman Sharma, chef at a bakery in Sarabha Nagar market where Puneet had picked up his cakes from, confirmed that these days the demand for kite-shaped cakes has gone up. \"I try to make each kite look different from the other. But when I get a bulk order things become difficult. For the 140 cakes' order we kept the base blue, and made cakes in white with yellow and pink dots. We also lined them with dark chocolate to resemble the bamboo sticks that hold the kite,'' said Chaman.Resident of Haibowal, Samarpreet Singh said he also ordered a kite-shaped cake for his brother's birthday. \"The birthday boy and others were amused to see it,'' he added. Civil Lines-resident Sunidhi Malhotra and her classmates gifted the kite cake to their teacher on her birthday because it is the kite flying season. Mandeep Puri of Model Town said he attended three birthday parties in the last week and interestingly each one had a kite cake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11382089", "title": "US recognition for Assam scientists", "text": "GUWAHATI: A published articled written by three scientists working in Assam has bagged the top rank in a list prepared by recentmedicalfindings.com, an American website.Mir Alam Siddique, an ophthalmologist at Guwahati Medical College and Hospital, Satya Bhusan, a biochemist and a professor at Assam University, and Basant Kumar Tiwary, a life science scientist and a professor at Puducherry University, have bagged the top rank in the list prepared by the website for their research. The research, which was conducted between 2005 and 2009, could trace the basic patho-physiology of senile cataract formation.The published article with the heading 'Pro-teolipid' has been selected for the list of the top medical research in the world by the website among the top 50 biomedical articles published in five years between 2007 and 2012.Earlier, the article was accepted by Royal College of Ophthalmologists, and was published in their scientific journal 'Eye', which is published by the Nature Group, one of the world's leading publishers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382788", "title": "Criminals loot gold jewellery", "text": "PATNA: Armed criminals looted gold jewellery worth Rs 3 lakh from the house of a postal department accountant, Satyanandan Kumar, located on Hardinge Park Road under Kotwali police station after taking two women hostage in the wee hours on Thursday. The house has been allotted to Kumar, who is currently posted at Dibrugarh, Assam.DSP (law &amp; order) L M Sharma said that four persons sneaked inside the house from behind at around 4 am and took two women hostage, including Prabha Jha and her mother in-law, at knife point, collected the gold ornaments and escaped.He said that the police found a slipper outside the house and dog squad has been pressed into service to trace the whereabouts of the criminals involved in the loot. He said that fingerprints were being collected from the spot by forensic experts so that it could be matched with the records of old criminals.Farmer succumbs to injuries: A 35-year-old farmer and resident of Dhawalpura under By-Pass police station Kaju Paswan succumbed to his injuries at PMCH late on Wednesday night.SDPO (Patna City) Sushil Kumar said that a police patrol team of By-Pass police station found injured Paswan lying injured in a field at Karmalichak. He said that the police team took him to NMCH from where he was referred to the PMCH in a critical condition, where he succumbed to his injuries late in the night. Kumar said that Paswan along with some persons had boozed together in a field.\"It seems that some argument had taken place between them and his associates beat him with bricks and left him injured there,\" the SDPO said and added that police recovered pouches of countrymade liquor from the spot.An FIR against four persons has been lodged in this connection, he said and added that raids were on to arrest the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11383647", "title": "Puglia flays CM for shifting medical college from Chandrapur to Satara", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Senior Congress leader and former MP Naresh Puglia has strongly objected to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's decision to set up medical college at Satara, sidelining Chandrapur.Chavan on Monday had declared setting up of medical college in his Satara district along with Mumbai, Nandurbar and Alibaug, dismissing the claims of Chandrapur. Interacting with reporters, Puglia claimed that Indian Medical Council had long back approved four medical colleges for Maharashtra.The decision regarding setting of three medical colleges at Mumbai, Alibaug and Nandurbar was taken during the regime of former CM Ashok Chavan . Chandrapur was the fourth claimant for the medial college, owing to grim situation of pollution here. A large number of accidents due to high industrialization and Naxal presence further strengthen its claim.However, the matter remained pending after in-charge minister of Gondia and minister for medical education Vijaykumar Gavit pitted the claim of Gondia for medical college.Puglia claimed that he had discussed the issue with Chavan during the latter's recent visit to Ballarpur. \"He had assured to consider the demand positively. Hence, the decision to favour Satara over Chandrapur has come as a shocker,\" he held.\"I have forwarded my objection to the chief minister and talked to state Congress president Manikrao Thakre, who claimed that Indian Medical Council is set to approve two more medical colleges for Maharashtra. He assured to consider Chandrapur with priority in the next allotment,\" he said. Puglia however insisted for allotting medical college for Chandrapur from the four already approved colleges.He also criticized guardian minister, Sanjay Deotale, for not being present at the cabinet meeting when Chandrapur was sidelined to favour Satara for medical college. He claimed that the district Congress had plans of going on hunger strike to press the demand for medical collage. However, as the moral code of conduct came into effect, the decision was postponed.Puglia, however, maintained that he would stage a hunger strike at Mumbai soon after the code of conduct was lifted. A delegation of leader would also meet chief minister Chavan, union minister for medical education Gulam Nabi Azad and Congress president Sonia Gandhi over the issue, he added.Prahar calls for bandhIn a sharp reaction to the denial of medical college to Chandrapur, social organization Prahar has given call for a bandh for education institutes in district on December 9.President of the organization Pradeep Deshmukh blamed the poor political leadership for loss of medical college. He claimed that even though the district is represented by two MPs, six MLAs and three MLCs, including a cabinet minister and national and state president of BJP, their collective influence was not good enough to bring medical college to Chandrapur.\"Guardian minister Sanjay Deotale even did not even bother to attend the cabinet meeting in which the medical college meant for Chandrapur was snatched in favour of Satara. BJP president Nitin Gadkari represents Chandrapur through graduate constituency and the same party's state president Sudhir Mungantiwar is the most powerful leader in the district, still they have failed to obtain medical college for Chandrapur,\" he said.Deshmukh claimed that newly formed Gondwana University would be only university in the state without a medical college.He lambasted Congress for its failure to keep the word of its own former chief minister.\"Former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh had publicly announced to set up medical college in Chandrapur a few years back. It is shameful that the new chief minister of the same government has no value of the commitment made by his predecessor,\" Deshmukh lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "11383299", "title": "Rural polls: BJP confident of win in Mayurbhanj", "text": "BARIPADA: The BJP was the first party to unveil its poll machinery in Mayurbhanj district by announcing to field candidates in all the 56 zilla parishads and 26 samitis in next month's panchayati raj polls.\"We are in the process of finalizing the list of candidates, who have fair chances of winning at the gram panchayat levels,\" said state BJP spokesman Jiban Kumar Sahu in Baripada on Wednesday afternoon. Sahu told mediapersons that the saffron party would go it alone in the panchayat polls and form no alliance with any local party. \"The scam-ridden state government and Naveen Patnaik's failures in all fronts will give us a smooth sailing in the panchayati raj polls,\" he added.\"In 2007, BJP had bagged 12 zilla parishad seats of the total 56. Now, we have consolidated our position in the tribal-dominated Mayurbhanj and also strengthened our traditional support bases. I am sure that we will be the number one party in the rural polls in Mayurbhanj,\" the BJP leader said.The BJD leader claimed that rural voters in Mayurbhanj district were fed up with the Naveen Patnaik government's failure on various fronts, including expansion of the two national highways passing through the district, providing irrigation from the nearly three-decade-old Subarnarekha Irrigation Project that could usher in a green era in the district and boosting tourism through a sound ecotourism project in the world famous Simlipal Tiger Reserve. Former Rajya Sabha member Bhagirathi Majhi and other saffron leaders also attended the media meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11382190", "title": "Land row: SC notice new worry for buyers", "text": "NOIDA: Notices issued by the Supreme Court to the Greater Noida Authority and UP government regarding acquisition of land in Ghodi-Bachhera and Badalpur villages this week has worried homebuyers yet again. They fear that if land acquisition in both villages is quashed, a domino effect might be felt in other villages that would shatter their home dreams.Reacting to the petitions filed by farmers in both villages, the SC has asked the authorities to file a reply why the Allahabad High Court verdict of October 21 should not be quashed.With farmers from more villages preparing to file petitions in the apex court, rejecting enhanced compensation and more developed plots, homebuyers feel that a judicious view needs to be applied. They say that third-party interests have already been created in the land of most villages where housing projects are already in an advanced stage of development.\"The interests of thousands of homebuyers who have invested in the projects should also be kept in mind,\" said Ravi Garg, who has booked a flat in Panchsheel Greens. \"Homebuyers came in droves to Noida Extension because land was bought by the authorities and the projects were approved by the government. The legal rights of homebuyers that have formed over the land after booking housing units in the region cannot be disregarded,\" added Garg.However, the Greater Noida Authority, which is preparing to file its reply for the apex court, said that there is nothing to worry as notices in such cases are part of a routine process in legal matters. \"We will file our reply, but there is nothing to worry as the court would take a decision only after careful analysis. Fears based upon the hypothesis that the entire acquisition process would be annulled are unfounded and immature at this stage,\" said a Greater Noida Authority official.Developers of Noida Extension also say that at present residential projects in the region are safe and there is no reason for buyers to fear. \"The matter is subjudice and nothing much can be said into this. However, at present, residential projects do not stand affected,\" said RK Arora, CREDAI vice-president (west UP). \"Construction will resume when the Master Plan is approved by the NCR Planning Board according to the Allahabad HC verdict. I feel the verdict is a balanced one arrived at after taking into consideration the plight of all stakeholders involved,\" added Arora.The Allahabad HC, in its October 21 verdict, had directed the Authority to pay 64 per cent additional compensation to farmers besides 10 per cent share of developed plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382768", "title": "Better cabstands on the horizon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taxi stands built using pre-fabric sheets are to come up at 62 designated places in the city. These would be complete with all facilities. With this, the existing temporary taxi stands would likely be removed.According to information, around 5,000 cabs operate from the city. Many taxi operators had encroached upon the government land, and most temporary structures were in a dilapidated state.The matter relating to construction of better taxi stands was being delayed for the past many years due to a rift between the taxi operators and the municipal corporation authorities, who had even moved the Punjab and Haryana high court.Taxi operators had said that MC should construct the cabstands but MC wanted operators to do so. However, it was finally decided that the taxi stands would be built by the operators. Appreciating the development, resident of Sector 22 Gaurav said, \"The temporary cabstands made the city look ugly, and were not clean.\"In charge of parking and taxi stands told TOI: \"Areas had been allotted for the new cabstands, but the taxi operators refused the construction. They have now been firmly told to build permanent pre-fabric cabstands. The new structures would look attractive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11387293", "title": "Mollywood has great talents: Suriya", "text": "Suriya is in love. Now, don't rack your brains. We are talking about his new-found love for Kozhikode.The charming actor recalls his visit to the historical city with a lot of enthusiasm. Calling his short stay pleasurable, he says, \"I have fallen in love with Kozhikode. This is my first visit here but the city is so green and beautiful. People are courteous and I'm thrilled to know that my movies are doing well here.\"Bring to his attention the huge success of Surya-A R Muragadoss team's 7am Arivu in Kerala and he says, \"7am Arivu is a movie which is very close to my heart. Portraying the character of Bodhidarma who lived in the 15th century was challenging. It feels good to know that even Malayali audience accepted the movie with open arms. I had worked very hard to sink into the role. But ultimately it was a team work and the victory is that of the entire crew.\"So, will we get to watch him in Malayalam movies? \"Malayalam movie industry houses great talents like Mammootty , Mohanlal, Dileep and Jayaram. I don't think I can add anything more to this already gifted industry. But, I might do a Malayalam movie if everything falls into place,\" he assures. Suriya has great admiration for Dileep. \"He is a great actor. It was he who inspired me to do 'Perazhagan' (Tamil remake of Kunzhikoonan). He acts with great dexterity and gives a lot of attention to detail.\"Suriya's next will be KV Anand's 'Maatram', which will be their second project together after 'Ayan'. Kajal Aggarwal will act opposite to him. \"The shooting will be at exotic locales and we're hoping for the best,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382987", "title": "Global Summit: Modi reviews preparations", "text": "PATNA: The second Global Summit on Bihar would be held here for three days, beginning February 17. The first Global Summit had dwelt on poverty and its measurement in which the relative poverty of Bihar, then christened as one of the five Bimaru states, also figured.Since the first Global Summit held in early 2006, a lot of water has flown down the Ganga, when the face and profile of Bihar has also changed. In keeping with the available forward-looking scenario and outlook in the state, the theme of the second Global Summit to be held here is 'Changing Bihar.'Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Thursday reviewed the preparations being made for the second summit. The meeting also decided the themes for three general sessions and 11 parallel sessions to be held during the three-day global meet.Among those who participated in the review meeting were industries development commissioner (IDC) C K Mishra, Patna divisional commissioner K P Ramaiah, art, culture and youth affairs department principal secretary C Lalsota, Institute of Human Development (IHD) senior representative A N Sharma, Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI) member-secretary Shaibal Gupta and officials of the Bihar Foundation.The review meeting decided to have the inauguration and closing session of Global Summit to be chaired by Nepal prime minister Baburam Bhattarai, while efforts would be made to have the august presence of Bhutanese king Jigme Khesar Namgyal Wangchuk at the summit.Significantly, participants at the review meeting carried positive stance. Not only the state had registered average growth rate of 10.5 per cent in its Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) in the last five fiscals with effective crime control that propelled the utilization of the Centre's money for infrastructure development (mainly roads), the state's literacy rate also increased and the enrolment of girls in schools, backed by CM's Uniform Scheme and scholarship programme for them, also increased substantially. Besides, the state's rate of immunization crossed national average, and infant mortality rate decreased.Obviously, the state had something to cheer about, even as its record on Human Development Index (HDI) devised by the UNDP and elimination of poverty did not offer much. The drive to lure the flow of investments and industrial capital for the revival of the industrial outlook of the state, except in the food processing sector, also did not yield results beyond a limit.For, the state government had thought and planned to go for independent production of ethanol in its closed sugar and proposed new sugar mills, and accordingly, amended the Bihar Sugar Act, but the Centre's Union agriculture ministry did not approve it. The Centre brought in Cane Control Order, 2007, fearing that largescale independent ethanol production would adversely affect the production of food crops, when the country's eastern region, including Bihar, was being touted to witness new green revolution.The state government, accordingly, changed its tune, and decided to concentrate on strengthening agriculture sector whose share in the GSDP has declined to around 19 percent from the high of 38 percent in 2005-06. This year, however, the state has registered record production of paddy -- 70 lakh metric tonnes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382112", "title": "Haul of Rs 1.42cr foreign currency from Jagraon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A big haul of foreign currency amounting to over Rs 1.42 crore was made in Jagraon, near Ludhiana, on Thursday. The matter has been brought to the notice of enforcement directorate for probe.Meanwhile, the chief electoral officer put a stop to the construction work of lavatories for poor at Dasuya in Hoshiarpur till the model code of conduct is in place.Till date, the state election department has received 752 complaints regarding code violations. As many as 292 of these have reportedly been settled.Special chief electoral officer, Punjab, Usha R Sharma said that in response to a complaint, a notice has been issued to former DGP Paramdeep Singh Gill regarding code violation at Moga.The static surveillance teams seized Rs 14,269,670 for the day and the gross total of the seized amount touched Rs 1,36,570,458. About 1,34,389 licensed arms were deposited and 28 unlicensed arms taken into custody. As many as 7,219 non-bailable warrants have been executed and two cases of poll violence registered at different places over the past 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11383966", "title": "Collector asks LPG cos to ensure timely refills", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration has directed the LPG companies to ensure that the customers are not put into discomfort and provide refilling of cylinders within three days of booking. A directive to this effect was issued during a meeting between the district Collector Nikunj Shrivastava with the representatives of the LPG companies here on Thursday.According to the directives the consumers with double -cylinder connections will have to be given refills within three days of booking while those with single cylinder connections will receive refills the same day of booking.It was also decided that any consumer taking delivery of the cylinder directly from the go-down will get a discount of Rs. 8 per cylinder. The Collector also directed the officials to ensure the agencies provide the booking numbers as soon as the gas cylinders are booked.In case of any complaints the consumers are advised to talk to the officers in-charge of the LPG supply belonging to different companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381201", "title": "Artist assaulted for exhibiting gay works", "text": "NEW DELHI: An artist holding an exhibition in the capital on the theme of homosexuality was on Thursday attacked and abused by an unidentified assailant, who also damaged one of the paintings on display.The artist, Balbir Krishan, said the attacker entered the solo exhibition space at Lalit Kala Akademi with his face covered by a handkerchief. He pushed and kicked Krishan, a double amputee who has lost both his legs, while hurling insults all the while.Krishan, 38, from a village called Bijrol in Baghpat district of Uttar Pradesh , had received several threats over phone on Wednesday. The calls -- made from phone booths - accused the artist, himself homosexual, of \"spreading\" homosexuality in the country. According to Krishan, the caller said, \"Tuney Hindu dharam ko bigarne ka theka laga rakha hai (You are determined to ruin Hinduism).\" Before that, posters advertising his exhibition at Garhi studios and near Jamia Milia Islamia, were ripped and burnt.Balbir and a few of his friends had come to the gallery at about 10.30am to shoot a video of the exhibition and pack the paintings. He was standing by the door of the second room of the gallery \"giving bites\" for the video when a big-built man (as per the group's estimate, he was about 5'10\") pushed him from behind.A train accident in 1996 had claimed both of Balbir's legs from knee down and he uses prosthetic legs. He fell forward. The assailant next smashed the frame of a small work closest to the door, damaging the artwork in the process, and proceeded to kick Balbir in the side. He also spouted hateful lines including, \"Hussain go bhaga diya, tu kya cheez hai? (We chased Hussain away, you are nothing).\"Krishan has been painting male nudes from the start. His paintings had created a furor at Bijrol at first but are now tolerated. This was his first exhibition on the subject.\"I never thought something like this could happen here,\" said an injured Balbir later, \"If my paintings offend anyone, they are welcome to discuss it with me.\"As those in the room reacted, the attacker fled, with Krishan's companions - participating artists present for another exhibition happening on the ground floor and a security guard - in pursuit. The attacker gave the main gate a miss - two guards were posted there - choosing instead to jump over the iron railing on the side. He fell once too but still managed to give the pursuers the slip.He got away but Vivek Sharma, also of Baghpat, who was shooting the video, kept the camera rolling when the attack happened and managed to capture the masked assailant in action. The police visited the gallery at that time and once again in the evening. The footage was handed over to them.Krishan filed a complaint with the police and he got a medical examination conducted. The paintings have been moved from the venue; the same exhibition will be on at Triveni Kala Sangam from Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11376403", "title": "A musical evening in Bhopal", "text": "The Sagar group of institutions celebrated its foundation day programme on Wednesday with the live performance of Anup Jalota.Held at the Sagar Institute of Research and Technology (SIRT), the do had minister Jayant Malaiya and state finance minister Raghavji making their presence felt. Vice-chancellor of Rajeev Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishvavidyala (RGPV) Dr Piyush Trivedi was also present at the bhajan sandhya.The singer rendered some of his famous and most popular songs including, \"Aisi Laagi Lagan\", \"Jana Tha Ganga Paar\" and \"Maiya Mori Main Nahi Makhan Khayo\". Chorus singer Satyanarayan Nair and keyboard player Sanjeev Sachdev, both from Bhopal, are troupe members of Jalota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382717", "title": "Private schools to go ahead with the process", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The education department on Thursday allowed private unaided schools to go on with the scheduled admission process according to guidelines given by the office of director public instruction (DPI).The DPI had earlier directed the schools not to finalize the list of students in the general category due to a writ petition filed by some parents in the Punjab and Haryana high court against St Kabir School for irregularities in the admission process.An education department official said, \"Next date of case hearing is two months away, so the schools were told to resume the admission process. The institutes will have to abide by the guidelines conveyed by the education department on November 8, 2011, and Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) on November 23.\"According to the guidelines, 25% seats shall be reserved for students from economically weaker sections, screening of kids and their parents is not permitted, and the admission method shall be non-discriminatory, rational and transparent.The development has brought cheer to parents. Mother of a four years old boy Rashmi Singla said, \"I have applied for my child's admission in two convent schools, and the draws were scheduled on January 9 and 10. I am glad the draw dates would be followed.\"Another parent Deeksha Verma said, \"Admission delay had made me restless. I hope things get back to normal.\"The four convent schools: St Anne's School in Sector 32, St John's High School in Sector 26, Sacred Heart School in Sector 26, and Carmel Convent School in Sector 9 will conduct draws on January 9. The schools that missed their draw dates will decide the final schedule after the winter vacations.Director of Strawberry Fields World School Atul Khanna said, \"UT has made a fair decision and the dates shall be decided soon. Details would be put on notice boards and websites.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382917", "title": "Where is the walkers' paradise of the city?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Various historical accounts of Ahmedabad describe the city as an opulent place with lots of open spaces, gardens and wide roads. Ever since it was founding subsequent rulers added parks and gardens, and continued the tradition of the city's beautification. Today however, adjectives like as open and airy seem an ill-fitting description as the city's roads have become jammed with vehicles, autorickshaws, hawkers and encroachments. The worst hit are pedestrians and cyclists who don't find a place for in the city's design.In a study conducted in 2010 by WWF's Alternative Urban Futures Report, it was stated that of Ahmedabad's 45 lakh population at that time, 38 per cent walked daily for work or daily activities. The city placed after only Mumbai where 56 per cent population depended on their legs for transport.\"The city, which has a long tradition of leisure walking in the walled city, has forgotten its roots. Brimming with vehicles, the once famous Bhadra square has now become a chaotic playground for hawkers and parked vehicles. Even though walking has always been an integral part of citizens' lives, the present infrastructure is not encouraging. There are few proper zebra crossings and even fewer crossings where motorist respect the rules,\" said Amit Khatri, a member of Ahmedabad Traffic Consultative Committee (ATCC).ATCC officials said there is a misconception that people want more and more vehicles and wider roads for such activities. \"We have a great example in Car-Free Day that the citizens and city traffic police organized for two consecutive years at CG Road. People were astonished to see one of the busiest roads in the city converted into a walker's paradise where activities ranging from skating to street dance were possible,\" said a member.According to city traffic police, pedestrians are worst hit in road accidents. Out of about 200 road accident victims, more than 20 per cent were walkers who were crossing a road or standing at the side of a road when they were hit. \"Motorists don't respect zebra crossings at all. While it is not humanly possible to keep an eye on all crossings, we have sent a proposal to civic authorities to construct speed breakers before crossings,\" said a senior traffic police official.BOXBicycle tracks along BRTS tracks not usedBicycle riders are not safe as well. A study conducted by the AMC found that the bicycle riders hardly use the dedicated lane. \"The reason is simple. There is no sense of safety. Once I had to get off the track to make way for a biker approaching from the opposite direction. It is not continuous as well. At many places, the tracks are converted to hawkers' zones or parking areas. In such a scenario, the worst hits are students and daily labourers mainly involved in the construction industry,\" said Navin Patel, member of Ahmedabad Bicycle Club.Component IIWill model roads become model for a safer city?Parth Shastri | tnnAhmedabad: What does a model road and city look like? There are many answers to the question. However, experts have reached a consensus on the matter that a road is model when one feels is safe for children and elderly alone, and where the daily humdrum is integrated in street activities.While the Bhadra beautification plan where the civic authority hopes to clear all the hawkers and vehicles between Bhadra and Teen Darwaza stretch is still in the pipeline, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has already initiated model road stretches.Guruprasad Mohapatra, municipal commissioner, AMC, told TOI that eight roads connecting major points in the city are being developed as model roads. \"These roads would not have encroachments and will have road signs, cat's eyes, marked lanes, proper footpaths and zebra crossings. The roads have been constructed as per highway specifications and their structural design has been improved. We are hopeful that it will be a safe zone for both vehicles and pedestrians,\" he said. He added that these roads are expected to be ready by May.Christopher Kost, urban planner at the Institute for Transport Development Policy (ITDP), said, \"Walkers need a safe and quality space to walk on. Pedestrian and cyclist facilities must be incorporated in planning of a new road design. The pedestrian pathways on Ashram Road are quality ones and see a lot of use it on a regular basis. Indian streets have a lot of activities going on around them. Such activities need to be integrated into the urban culture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11381121", "title": "Techie buys laptop, phone, gets brick and soap instead", "text": "PUNE: A software engineer on Wednesday learnt it the hard way that high-end gadgets should not be purchased from unidentified people on the road, no matter how attractive the offer. A smart cellphone and a laptop, for which the techie paid Rs 50,000, turned out to be a bar of detergent soap and a brick.The incident took place near Magarpatta tower no. 12 on Wednesday around 4 pm. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Nisarg Shailesh Joshi (22) of Magarpatta city, Hadapsar, with the Hadapsar police station.This was the second such incident in the last two days. On Tuesday, Siddharth Balkrishna Samant (32), a manager with an IT company, was duped to the tune of Rs 52,000. The suspects also gave him a slab of stone and a bar of detergent soap instead of a laptop and a high-end cellphone.Police sub-inspector of the Hadapsar police station Saurabhi Mane told TOI that the complainant, Joshi, is a software engineer and is working in an IT company at Magarpatta city. \"On Wednesday afternoon, Joshi went out of his office to have tea. Two persons approached him and said they wanted to sell a laptop and cellphone, since they were in need of money.\"She said the suspects also told Joshi that they had the bill and the warranty of both the gadgets. They showed Joshi a brown laptop bag and told him that the bill, their contact numbers and the cellphone was inside the bag. The suspects told Joshi that they wanted to sell the items for Rs 50,000. \"Joshi fell for their offer and told them that he was not carrying the cash with him. He took one of them with him, went to a nearby ATM centre, withdrew Rs 50,000 and gave it to the suspect.\"Mane further said that when Joshi and the suspect came out of the ATM, the suspect took Joshi's cellphone worth Rs 10,000 from him, handed over the laptop bag and fled on a scooter. \"When Joshi opened the bag, he found a brick instead of a laptop, a bar of detergent soap and two white coloured chargers in it. We are investigating the case,\" she added.On Tuesday, the suspects who duped Siddharth Samant, the manager of an IT company, first asked Samant to withdraw cash from the ATM. However, he could withdraw only Rs 8,000. The suspects then requested him to swipe his debit card for them. They took him to a branded shoe shop, but did not like anything there. They then took him to a mall at Kalyaninagar, made him purchase a gold ring worth Rs 43,949 from a jewellery shop and left. \"When Samant checked the laptop bag kept in the car, he found a slab of stone and a bar of detergent soap. He looked for the suspects in the area and then lodged a complaint with the Airport police station,\" said assistant police inspector of the Airport police station M G Bolkotgi.Meanwhile, similar incidents had taken place in October and November 2011. On October 29, Amankumar Sharma, an employee of a software company, was duped to the tune of Rs 10,000. Suspects had offered him a high-end phone and given him a bar of detergent soap. On November 1, Ulhas Joshi, managing director of a credit cooperative society, was duped of Rs 22,300 in a similar manner.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said the police are working on clues. \"We have arrested the suspects involved in similar crimes in the past. We will soon solve these cases,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11381872", "title": "Army Day in Jaipur on Jan 15", "text": "JAIPUR: South Western Command of the army will hold its investiture ceremony and Army Day here on January 15 to honour 30 gallantry award winners. Lieutenant General Gyan Bhushan, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the South Western Command, will honour the award winners at the ceremony which will be attended by senior army officers and civil dignitaries. The highlight of the event will be a mass display of horse show, para jumps, Malkhambh and motorcycle display which will be open to the general public on January 14, defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said.Goswami added that the celebrations are held to honour and commemorate the efforts of bravery and dedication to duty by soldiers who have shown unmatched courage, unflinching loyalty and supreme sacrifice for the country during their course of duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382915", "title": "'Suvidha Kendra' to help taxpayers file returns", "text": "PATNA: The income tax (I-T) department will open 'Suvidha Kendra' at its office at the Lok Nayak Bhawan on Fraser Road on January 20 where taxpayers can file returns round the year.Currently two I-T employees receive the returns filed by taxpayers at the Lok Nayak Bhawan. The Suvidha Kendra will be manned by adequate number of staff, said chief commissioner, income tax, Bihar, Vijay Sharma.Sharma said the department has trained more than a dozen people to help people file their returns. They are already on job at the I-T offices here. Besides, there is a \"May I Help You\" kiosk at the I-T office at the revenue building here to help the people know their PAN, he said.Sharma said one can also file returns online at http://incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in/portal/index.jsp. The returns filed online are processed at the central processing unit of the department at Bangalore, he said.The tax official said refund sought while filing the returns online is deposited in the bank account of the taxpayer concerned. The department also offers the facility for filing of returns in bulk by institutions, organizations and big business houses at the I-T offices in most of the districts in the state.Also, there are grievance cells in the offices of I-T commissioners - two at Patna and one each at Muzaffarpur and Bhagalpur - to receive complaints for redressal of grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11381042", "title": "Doctors to take call on Anna's discharge on Saturday", "text": "PUNE: Anna Hazare's health improved significantly over the last five days and a series of tests will be conducted on Friday to gauge whether he is fit to be discharged, doctors at Sancheti Hospital here have said.\"Anna's chest congestion, backache and weakness has reduced considerably. There is more than 65% improvement in his overall health,\" senior orthopaedic surgeon K H Sancheti said on Thursday. The 74-year-old social crusader was admitted to the hospital on December 31.Hazare has been advised to refrain from any kind of physical exertion, including fasting, for at least a month. \"We will conduct a series of tests, including blood tests, chest X-ray and ECG, on Friday to assess the level of improvement. A spirometry test will also be conducted to assess his lung capacity. Reports of some of the tests will be available on Saturday. A final decision on whether to discharge him or keep him under supervision for a few more days will be taken on Saturday,\" Sancheti said.The bone scan carried out on Hazare on Monday found that he has osteoporosis , which the doctors have been suspecting for a while. \"We have put him on vitamin D3 and calcium medication as well as other supplements for his weak bones ,\" Sancheti said.The VIP suite on the second floor of the hospital also has a specially set-up intensive care unit for the crusader. A physician, along with a medical staff member, has been assigned to look after Hazare.\"He has started taking a good amount of food. He likes to exercise and undergoes physiotherapy sessions everyday,\" Sancheti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382234", "title": "'Top cop to look into security for Indu Mills'", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Thursday told the Bombay High Court that it has directed the city police commissioner to take suitable measures to ensure that there is no repeat of the December 6 and 15 2011 incidents at Indu Mills in Prabhadevi.A division bench of Justice D K Deshmukh and Justice Anoop Mohta was informed of the state's move by additional government pleader G W Mattos. The judges then disposed of the petition, recording additional solicitor general Darius Khambata's statement that in view of the mill being vacated by squatters and the undertaking to protect the mill land, National Textile Corporation would not require further orders from the court.that the state has issued such directions to the :State government on Thursday told the Bombay High Court that it has directed the city police commissioner to take suitable measures to ensure that there is no repeat in future of the December 2011 incidents at the Indu Mills. A division bench of Justice D K Deshmukh and Justice Anoop Mohta were informed by additional government pleader G W Mattos that the State has issued such directions to police commissioner so that incidents of December 6 and 15, 2011 should not be repeated. The judges disposed of the petition, recording Additional Solicitor General Darius Khambata 's statement that in view of the mill being vacated by squatters and the undertaking to protect the mills, National Textile Corporation would not required further orders from the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382744", "title": "Assembly remark returns to haunt KCR", "text": "HYDERABAD: He might have weathered the controversial Polavaram tender issue, but a statement made in the legislative assembly by Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) president K Chandrasekhara Rao during his tenure as transport minister in the TDP regime has come back to haunt him.The 16-minute video footage shows Rao making a statement on the floor of the assembly on July 19, 1996 and the TRS chief is seen expressing strong support for the lifting of the zonal system in the state to allow employees to work anywhere as per the needs of administration. \"There is no need for a zonal system. The zonal system (AP is divided into six administrative zones) is hampering development in the state. We have to do away with it to ensure equitable development in all regions,\" he said, speaking on the subject of irrigation works and water utilisation.The month-long verbal spat between TDP and TRS thus culminated with the release of the contentious video by TDP legislator M Narasimhulu. At a news conference on Thursday, Narasimhulu went hammer and tongs at the TRS chief, accusing him of repeatedly mortgaging the Telangana movement for personal gain whenever it reached a decisive stage. \"His ultimate aim is not Telangana, but to enrich his family using the cause,\" he said.Calling upon the people in the Telangana region to be wary of KCR and his dubious designs, the TDP legislator said: \"KCR, whose forefathers migrated to Telangana from Vizianagaram, started his career with theft. He has mortgaged the 42-day Sakala Janula Samme in exchange for nearly Rs 50,000 crore. People must realise that he is the real betrayer of the Telangana movement.\"The issue assumes significance in the wake of T-JAC issuing a call to its affiliates to prevent TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu from conducting his 14-km long rythu poru yatra in Warangal district on Friday, which has been the hotbed of the Telangana movement for over four decades. T-JAC has asked Naidu to make his stand clear on the Telangana issue before he starts his tour and warned him of severe resistance from people in the region.T-JAC cautioned Naidu that he would have to take responsibility for any incident arising out of his tour in the district.TRS reacted strongly to Narasmihulu's diatribe against KCR and launched a broadside against the TDP chief by presenting a one-hour compilation of video clippings that showed Naidu making conflicting statements on the Telangana issue.\"The TRS chief's statement on the floor of the assembly was in line with the then government's stand,\" TRS MLA K Taraka Rama Rao said.Challenging Naidu to a debate on all controversial issues raised by him, the TRS MLA said Naidu's credibility could be gauged from the statements made by former chief minister NT Rama Rao who raised serious doubts about his son-in-law's character and integrity.\"Are these clippings not proof enough of Naidu's poor credibility?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383089", "title": "Glimpse of hope for couple in Norway", "text": "KOLKATA: There's finally some light at the end of the tunnel for the couple who has been forced to stay away from their children in Norway. The Indian embassy in Oslo has taken up the matter and is trying to unite the parents with their children.On May 11 last year, a Norwegian childcare agency had taken custody of the children after alleging the parents were not capable of taking care of the little ones.P Balachandran, first secretary (political) of Indian embassy in Oslo, met Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya at their Stavanger residence to discuss the issue. The embassy also held talks with the childcare agency. The Indian diplomat is trying to withdraw the cases framed against the parents so that they can be reunited with their children.Balachandran has reportedly assured the agency that the Indian government will make sure that the children are taken care of once they return to their parents.The agency had taken custody of the two children - Avigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1) - and had placed them with two different foster-care families.The couple had appealed for help to Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee in December. Mamata had taken up the matter with the foreign minister. Following the CM's initiative, the Indian embassy in Oslo had been asked to provide necessary support to the couple.Anurup told TOI from Norway that the Indian diplomat had assured all possible support to get the children back. \"He also spoke to the childcare agency and wanted to visit the children. But the agency has asked the diplomat to contact them next week. He might be allowed to visit the children now placed with two different families,\" he said.Anurup added the agency placed certain conditions for returning the children. \"They want documentary evidence to assure that the children can be brought up properly in India. We have to prove that we have the financial capability along with proof of sufficient resources to show that we can look after them till they turn 18. Moreover, we have to show them that there are enough parks and recreation facilities for the children in Kolkata.\"The couple said they were ready to leave Norway once they got the custody of their children. \"But the agency has plans to arrange the visa of the children and keep them in their custody till they turn 18, if in any case we say that we are unable to care them. My visa will be expiring in early March and if it is not extended, it could be difficult for me to apply for the visa of the children and get their custody,\" said Anurup.The Norwegian agency has also proposed to place the children with some Indian families.Sagarika, who is very depressed with the developments, broke down while speaking to ToI over phone. \"When will I get my children back? They are so small. How can they stay away from their mother? It is a real torture on them in the name of childcare. Now, even my daughter cannot see her brother as they have been placed with two different families. My children can't follow Norwegian language and that is a major problem for them,\" she said.Sagarika's father Monotosh Chakraborty said they had been to Norway to get the children back but failed. \"Now to get our grandchildren back, we will be organising a silent procession on Monday from Rabindra Sadan to Lake Road to the office of Norway Consulate in Kolkata and submit a memorandum,\" Chakraborty said.Sagarika and Anurup married in Kolkata on December 12, 2007. He was working in Norway as a geoscientist and Sagarika joined him there on December 31 that year.\"I returned to Kolkata for the birth of my son Avigyan and was back in Norway in December 2009 along with him,\" Sagarika told TOI from Norway. \"Avigyan started attending a kindergarten, but the kindergarten authority started complaining against him. They said he would sit quietly in a corner and would often bang his head on the ground. Perhaps he was sitting quietly because of the language barrier.\"Soon, the Norwegian childcare agency started visiting the home of the Bhattacharyas and alleged that Sagarika was not taking care of her son. Sagarika explained to them that she was pregnant and had been sick for some time. On December 6, 2010, her daughter Aishwarya was born.In the meantime, the childcare team frequented their home to give \"childcare training\" to Sagarika and would stay on for long hours. \"On one pretext or the other, they would try to prove that there was inadequate care at home. One day, I was late sending my son to kindergarten since I was breastfeeding my daughter. The team stepped in and forced me to go to my son's kindergarten, stopping me from feeding my daughter. They tried to show that I was not taking care of my children,\" Sagarika alleged.On May 11, the team took the children away. They later informed the couple over phone that they would not return the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383862", "title": "Chinks in Cong-NCP deal?", "text": "MUMBAI: There appear to chinks in the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) alliance over seat-sharing even though the partners on Wednesday decided in principle to contest the civic polls jointly. The roadblock appeared even though NCP chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar had expressed a desire that both parties should join hands.\"We are keen on an alliance with the NCP, but at least at the moment, its demand does not appear to be reasonable. We hope to resolve the row on Friday when we meet NCP leaders,'' a senior Congress leader told TOI on Thursday.A day after a marathon meeting between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, along with senior leaders of both parties, Chavan separately met state Congress president Manikrao Thakre and Mumbai Congress Committee president Kripashankar Singh on the NCP's proposal on Thursday. \"Our views are clear, an alliance is possible if the NCP agrees,'' he said.\"We made it clear to the NCP that its demand was exaggerated and that it must reconsider the proposal or else contest the polls independently,'' he said.The Congress leader said it was wrong for the NCP to demand three seats won by the Congress and 24 seats in which the Congress was in second spot. \"There can be an exchange of seats, but the NCP must be realistic,'' he said. The leader pointed out that the civic poll outcome will have a bearing on the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha (LS) polls. \"If we accept its demand for 65 seats, the NCP will state claim to all assembly and LS seats in these areas. In that event, it will be a major loss for the Congress,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11383087", "title": "HC turns down bail plea of Nano Excel MD", "text": "KOCHI: The bail plea of Nano Excel managing director Harish Babu Maddeneni, who is an accused in around 400 cases of cheating related to the money chain scam, was rejected by the Kerala High Court on Thursday.Bail was denied by Justice K T Sankaran after the prosecution pointed out that Harish was an accused in around 400 cases related to the money chain scam and that investigation was still progressing in those cases.Harish's counsel argued that the police were denying bail by registering arrest on different dates so that the accused would not be able to get the regular bail upon completion of the specified period of 60 or 90 days even if the chargesheet in the cases were not filed.While the police used to register cases on charges of cheating alone in money chain cases, it has at present moved to invoking sections of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act, 1978 along with charges of cheating. The change in application of law by the police has resulted in money chain leaders like Harish being accused in hundreds of cases for offences of the same nature.Unlike in cheating cases, where only the person who is in direct contact with the complainant is accused, those at the top of money chain companies have also been charged in each of the hundreds of cheating cases registered across the state recently in money chain scams.Even though Harish's counsel argued that there was no need to register separate crime cases as the matters to be investigated and proved were the same, the court didn't agreed, and turned down the bail plea.Earlier, while considering Harish's bail plea in another case, Justice Sankaran ruled that all cases did not form part of the same transaction and that the offence of cheating of particular individuals in each case was distinct and different.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11381988", "title": "HUDA chief trains guns on callous builders", "text": "GURGAON: The proactive HUDA administrator is now all set to discipline private builders in the city whose housing projects are complete but the colonies still lack facilities such as better roads.The HUDA office is flooded with complaints from the residents living in private builders' colonies. \"I have received complaints that the builders have not constructed the roads and there is no maintenance. These builders will be given notices very soon and replies will be sought from them before HUDA starts taking serious action,\" said Praveen Kumar .On the basis of the complaints received from the residents, HUDA is preparing a map with the exact location of the colonies where the roads are in a shambles and the developers have been delaying constructions. \"The department of town and country planning has been informed about the problems faced by the residents and we have worked out the roadmap will get the roads repaired and constructed,\" said Kumar. Asked about the funding of the road constructions in the private developers colonies, he said: \"The HUDA will take the money of the builders which has been deposited with the TCP and separate tenders will be floated for such projects.\" Before issuing notices to the private builder the HUDA will carry a survey covering all the private colonies.\"Separate teams of the HUDA officials will be formed which will visit the actual site of the roads in colonies and take pictures and videos. The findings of the survey will be sent to the individual builders and the town and country planning office,\" said Kumar. The notices will be given to the builders in the next two months. \"In response to the notices the builder will explain the reason for the delay or the poor quality of the roads and other facilities. If the responses are found to be meaningless then HUDA will construct the roads on its own,\" said Kumar. There are several colonies like south city 1 and 2, Palam Vihar, Sushant Lok and Ardee City where the residents face problems relating to road infrastructure.The RWAs have greeted the development as they are fed up of the delay in the construction of roads. \"It would be very good if the HUDA administrator takes up the matter with builders because they (builders) keep delaying the road construction. Earlier the senior town planner had visited the colony and instructed the builder to construct the roads but nothing has been done on that front,\" said Joginder Singh , resident of Sushant Lok.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11382892", "title": "Gaur slams BJP leaders for working in tandem", "text": "ALLAHABAD: \"My next step would be to join Loktantra Bachao Abhiyaan of Anna Hazare to highlight the fact that only persons with clean and untarnished image should be allowed to contest elections.This is because dhan bal, bahubal and parikrama (money, muscle and hobnobbing) have become the mantra of success for ticket seekers in Bharatiya Janata Party(BJP) which is the reason why claims of committed and sincere workers have been sidelined,\" said former-state minister and four times MLA from city North assembly constituency, Dr N K S Gaur.He was talking to newsmen on Thursday expressing his anger over the decision of the party to field Bara, MLA, Uday Bhan Karvariya from the above seat instead of him.Slamming top leaders including Dr Murli Manohar Joshi , Kalraj Mishra and Ramapati Ram Tripathi for working in tandem to ensure omission of his name from the list of party candidates in return for pecuniary gains, Gaur said that these three alongwith the president of Kashi Prant division of the party, Devendra Singh Chauhan have connived to ruin his political career. This amounts to committing political dacoity which would not be tolerated at any cost, he fumed.Vouching his candidature, the former minister said that his claim to the seat which he had been nurturing since 1991 stems from the fact that prior to 1991 when he won the elections from this constituency, party candidates always lost the elections.However since 1991 Gaur has won the seat four times in a row in 1991, 1993, 1997 and 2002.Taking a dig at the party's official candidate from city North seat, Uday Bhan Karvariya he said that his support to the party and it's candidates were governed by his own priorities. This is the reason why he refused to support the party candidate from Phulpur parliamentary seat citing personal considerations including the presence of his brother as a candidate from Bahujan Samaj Party(BSP).This happened in the presence of senior party leader and national general secretary, Arun Jaitley .Here it would be pertinent to mention that Gaur played a major role in approaching the high court to seek a stay on the decision of the state governor, Romesh Bhandari to swear Jagdambika Pal as state chief minister in 1999-2000 and removing from office the duly elected government of BJP headed by Kalyan Singh. Later on the supporters of Gaur including some party office bearers from city and district unit burnt an effigy of Kalraj Mishra and Dr M M Joshi and raised slogans against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pau", "code": "11382091", "title": "Territorial Army musicians cast a spell", "text": "PAU: Ludhianavis were treated to an evening of melodies created by the musicians of Territorial Army (TA) on Thursday. TA symphony orchestra performed at the Punjab Agricultural University premises as part of an awareness programme.More than 80 TA musicians played tunes like 'Raag Yaman', 'pyar ka nagma', 'somewhere my love', 'surnagini', 'abide with me', 'lathe di chadar', 'hotel california', 'river of babylon', 'lal dupatta malmal da', Territorial Army song, patriotic, medley, 'light of freedom' and 'saare jahan se acha' were the prominent ones.The objective of the event was to motivate masses about Territorial Army so that interest to join TA rises among people. Kamaldeep Singh of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar said he had only heard of TA earlier but the event informed him about its functioning and procedures. \"I would surely give it a thought as I know how to get into TA now,'' said Kamaldeep.Charanjeet Singh of Shastri Nagar, was mesmerized with the music and inspired by the musicians. \"I would try to get into TA if I don't get into regular army,'' he said. Anirudh Sharma of Civil Lines got a hope to live his dreams he couldn't fulfil earlier. \"I got rejected in my attempt to join Indian army and have crossed the entry age limit now. But, this programme informed me a civilian can join TA till the age of 42,'' he said.Captain Ravi Bisht of TA said the musicians in the band were from different regiments of TA. They are on a nation-wide tour 'Bharat Parikrama' for promoting TA among masses, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382733", "title": "Road safety week held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As a part of an awareness campaign, road safety week was held with a mission \"Accidents bring tears, safety brings cheer\" in Manimajra on Thursday. Around 200 drivers or attendants of various transport vehicles came for attaining certificate of fitness for their vehicles.Mahavir Kaushik, secretary, State Transport Authority, UT, addressed the attendants on different aspects of road safety tips and advised them to adhere to the driving rules and regulations while driving and give priority to the safety of self as well as for others so that the accidents may be avoided.Ravinder Singh, motor vehicle inspector, State Transport Authority UT, also discussed the importance for keeping vehicles fit in every respect, so that the pollution content and other breakdown maintenance for the commercial vehicles may be reduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386270", "title": "A musical do in Kolkata", "text": "The city was witness to a musical extravaganza as artistes took to the stage in a classical fusion of sorts.Thus artistes like the Mainak Nag Chowdhury, Amit Heri, Pt Abhijit Banerjee, Adam Del Monte, etc performed on stage, enthralling the audience.A special mention must be made of the Catavina Duo, comprising Eugenia Moliner from Spain and Denis Azabagic from Bosnia. The two of them delighted the audience with their rare jugalbandi on the flute and the guitar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382250", "title": "GRP constable in Malad station row missing", "text": "MUMBAI: A GRP constable, who was involved in a row with commuters at Malad station late on Wednesday following allegations of high-handedness, has since vanished.The constable, Pratap Jadhav (50), had pulled up a passenger for refusing to vacate a police helpdesk. After Jadhav took the passenger to a police chowky, his friend raised an alarm, claiming that Jadhav was beating the passenger up. Thousands of peak-hour commuters protested anddrawing protests from thousands of peak-hour commuters.additional forces had to be called in to bring the situation under control. In the melee, the passenger who had been detained by Jadhav, fled along with his friend.Officials said Jadhav hasn't reported to work since the incident. A police team visited his residence at Kalyan, but his family said Jadhav hadn't returned since Wednesday. He left his cellphone behind in the Malad chowky. Officials suspect he could have left town. The commuter that he had detained hasn't been traceable either.According to the police, the incident took place around 8.30 pm. Jadhav was supervising his juniors, outside the ladies compartment, and was the only in-charge at Malad station. He spotted a passenger occupying the GRP helpdesk and went up to him. Despite Jadhav asking him to vacate the desk, the passenger wouldn't do so. The duo had an argument and Jadhav took him to a makeshift police chowky. But the passenger's friend followed them and raised an alarm, claiming that Jadhav was bashing up the passenger. Soon, a mob of commuters gathered at the spot. Some of them smashed the potted plants outside the chowky.\"A home guard, Chauhan, was present at the chowky. He has told us that the mob was trying to forcibly enter the chowky and had to be pushed back with lathis,\" a senior police official said. With every passing train, the crowd surged as it was evening peak hour. Additional police forces had to be called in and a minor lathi-charge was resorted to for dispersing the crowd. In the melee, the passenger who had been detained by Jadhav, fled along with his friend.Some commuters alleged that Jadhav was drunk, but his superiors have denied this. \"Jadhav had returned from a colleague's funeral in Navi Mumbai that day. No CCTVs were installed near the chowky so we have recorded the statements of a few eyewitnesses and the home guard,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382986", "title": "Litterbugs, not city to pay", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Seven months after a sustained campaign against litterbugs and numerous cleanliness drives, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has finally decided to impose a reasonable fine structure on Amdavadis.From now on, if any officer of the sanitary squad catches anyone red handed littering outside their homes, the officer can charge the offender Rs 250 on the spot. There is a concession of Rs 200 for people living in chawls and slums. In case of malls, shopping complexes and multiplexes, the littering will invite up to Rs 10,000 as fine.Also, if a society is caught dumping garbage in open drains of the AMC then the fine will be Rs 250. However, the fine would amount to Rs 5,000 if the same offence is committed by a commercial building.These fines have a lower limit too, which is anywhere between Rs 100 to Rs 2,000. \"The quantum of filth is a key deciding factor for the fine being imposed. This year, we have introduced 13 new categories of offences in the new fine category,\" says a senior health official of the AMC.Hotels caught disposing their kitchen waste illegally will be charged a maximum of anywhere between Rs 5,000 and Rs 7,500 on the spot. A commercial establishment spread over an area of 250 square metres or more will be charged Rs 10,000 on the spot if caught dumping. A minimum fine has been agreed to be Rs 2,000 for such establishments.Societies caught letting their sewage water on to roads while cleaning their septic tanks will be fined Rs 250. The fine would be Rs 2,500 and Rs 5,000 for commercial buildings and industrial complexes, respectively.In case of hospitals and clinics found dumping their waste nearby, the AMC has instituted a fine of up to Rs 2,500 to Rs 5,000. For developers disposing debris in the open or in public spaces, the fine has been fixed at Rs 2,000.The fine has a category for mosquito breeding sites. Any construction site responsible for mosquito breeding will lead to a maximum fine of up to Rs 5,000 to Rs 10,000 for areas spread between 500 square metres and 1,000 square metres and above. The fine for industrial plots will amount to Rs 15,000. The minimum limit for these fines have been fixed anywhere between Rs 500 to Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386155", "title": "Sargun Mehta 's fiery experience!", "text": "Siddharth Kumar tewary's TV show Phulwa on Colors has gone through many twist and turns. The story line is getting more and more gripping. The character of Thakur palyed by Sai Ballal will make an attempt to kill Phulwa.According to our source, \"\"On one hand, Abhay (Ajay Chaudhary) who got married to Phulwa is falling in love with Phulwa (Sargun Mehta) while on the other, Thakur is plotting to kill her. Thakur will leave the gas cylinder on, which bursts when Phulwa enters the kitchen. But Abhay saves her just in time and the situation seems to be typical yet interesting.\"\"Sargun Mehta confirms, \"\"Yes, an accident will occur but Abhay will come at the right time and save me. The storyline is going perfect. To shoot a fire sequence one requires lot of patience. The feedback that we received for the fire sequence is good. As Phulwa has a unique plot it is the landmark show of my career.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11383326", "title": "Past exercises have failed to yield results", "text": "VARANASI: Initiating serious action against suspected Bangladeshi migrants has remained impossible for a long time despite repeated surveys by agencies like Intelligence Bureau (IB) as well as Local Intelligence Bureau (LIU).The submission of recent list of suspected Bangladeshis is not the first exercise. In the past, massive exercise has been done by various agencies in this region. A serious effort to detect Bangladeshi immigrants was done by the IB in 2003 when this agency had detected over 16,500 suspected Bangladeshis in Varanasi and surrounding districts, including Chandauli, Bhadohi and Jaunpur. The stretch between Padao and Mughalsarai on Varanasi-Chandauli border was noticed as biggest pocket of such Bangladeshi immigrants. Localities falling in this stretch like Dulhipur, Suzabad, Bahadurganj, Revsa and Launda housed the biggest number (around 5,000) of Bangladeshis. Localities like Chhittupur, Sigra, New Loco Colony and Lehartara in city areas of Varanasi were found as the other major hub as more than 3,000 Bangladeshi immigrants were spotted there. During the same survey, around 2,000 immigrants were noticed around Banaras Hindu University while equal strength was found in Bazardiha. Small clusters of Bangladeshis were also detected in Chowkaghat and even in the densely populated locality of Devnathpura.The fresh survey report contains the names of the same localities. Apart from detecting the pockets where these immigrants dwelt, agencies had also checked the call lists of PCOs as well as letters in post offices of the same localities.The outcome of the exercise revealed that the Bangladeshi connections were still maintained by a large number of immigrants. After that exercise, the LIU had conducted a survey in 2008 (after November 23, 2008 Kuchehri blasts in which involvement of Bangladesh base Harkat-ul-Jehad-e-Islami was suspected. The district police and LIU had also forwarded the CDs containing the data of over 800 suspected Bangladeshis who were detected during 2008 exercise to the police headquarters to seek cooperation of WB police for the verification of parental root of such people. However, such exercise could also yield no result.Sources said in 2003 survey report of IB, the names of many public representatives were clearly mentioned who patronised such immigrants and also ensured their induction in the electoral roll. When the agencies tried to verify the suspected population, it came to light that some corporators and also the candidates of political parties for assembly polls had played a key role in arranging for documents in support of their citizenship after which they were registered as voters. Sources said the entire Bangladeshi immigrants were not only Muslims but a meager percent of their population was also Hindu.As the previous exercises to detect suspected Bangladeshi immigrants failed to yield any positive, now they are being done as routine processes. But, some agencies are still working on this front despite the fact that senior officials are denying that the reports prepared by such agencies have not come up before them, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11381944", "title": "Dutch teen leaves for hometown", "text": "MUMBAI: The 18-year-old girl from Holland who was molested and robbed by two auto drivers at Aarey Colony on December 27 left for her hometown on Thursday. The police managed to arrest prime accused Anil Yadav from Uttar Pradesh earlier this week.His associate, Rajpati Nishad, had been held within 48 hours of the incident. The girl was keen to leave soon and the police wanted to ensure that the identification parade of the accused was carried out in her presence. The accused duo had also attempted to rape the girl.Yadav (28) was traced to his hometown in at Jaunpur, UP, from where he was brought on a transit remand. His address was given to the cops by Nishad, who was arrested from Dahisar check-naka on December 27.Nishad told the police that he had dropped Yadav to the Lokmanya Tilak Terminus only hours before the cops caught him. \"Nishad had been traced after an accurate description was provided by the victim. We had also been tracking down the location of the victim's cellphone which was stolen by the accused,\" an official said.\"The identification parade of Yadav and Nishad were carried out at the Collector's office at Borivali on Wednesday. The victim flew back to Holland on Thursday,\" an IPS officer said.The victim has studied upto class 12 and intends to do a course in theatre in Holland. She had come to India on a tourist visa and was staying in Mumbai since September. Initially, she stayed with a friend at Andheri and later moved in with another friend at Mulund. On the night of December 26, she had gone to Vasai to attend the inauguration of a friend's shop. After dinner, she and a male friend boarded Yadav's auto at the Dahisar check-naka. The male friend alighted at Kandivali, after which the victim was on her own.At Aarey Colony, Nishad boarded the auto and sat next to Yadav, despite the victim taking objection to his entry. Yadav steered the auto to a secluded area at Unit 14, where the duo snatched the girl's belongings, molested her and attempted to rape her. The girl, however, fought back and screamed for help. As local residents started to gather, the accused-duo panicked and fled. The residents then helped the girl to register a complaint with the Vanrai police. She underwent a check-up at a state-run hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11384081", "title": "Close shave for vrooming daredevils", "text": "BOKARO: The traffic safety week that's being observed here to spread awareness about the dangers of not wearing a helmet while driving, may not have opened up the eyes of most reckless drivers, but the agony and sufferings of patients, who are victims of road accidents involving two-wheelers, and admitted at the Bokaro General Hospital will definitely make them pause and think. Check out bed number 404 of Ward/IV-B.The patient, a 21-year-old youth,Rupesh Kumar. He was brought to the hospital in a sinking state after traffic police found him lying in a pool of blood on the road. Since December 14, he has been lying in this hospital bed covered with rashes and no memory. He is a student of BSc Part-I of Rajganj College in Deoghar. His family members were shocked that he could not recognize anyone, including his mother.\"He opened his eyes, saw me, but could not recognize me. His right leg has been badly fractured. I told him several times not to drive so fast and to wear a helmet, but ...,\" said Hemant, his elder brother,who came all the way from Jammu after being informed about the accident. He added that a leg injury provides chances of recovery, but memory loss is pitiable.\"He cries but he does not know why he is crying. He cannot express his pain.We are praying to the Almighty for his recovery,\" said Hemant. Kamlesh Kumar, in an adjacent bed (number 410), is also critical. He suffered injury on his head after a fall from a motorbike on Masjid Road under Sector-IV police station on December 31. He was happily speeding, when a four-wheeler hit him from the back. Kamlesh, a cable operator, has undergone several stitches.\"I didn't get much hurt in other parts of the body. If I had worn a helmet I would have been okay. Though I am recovering, the pain is unbearable. All because of my carelessness, I gave a bad time to my family on New Year's Eve,\" said Kamlesh. Besides these patients, there are many others admitted here in the neurosurgery department with head injuries. They are all victims of road accidents involving two-wheelers. Director of BGH, A K Singh, along with doctors here, appealed to the people to follow traffic safety rules for their own well-being.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11381853", "title": "State BJP keen to win support of Jats", "text": "JAIPUR: With the CBI claiming that Bhanwari Devi was killed at the behest of Malkhan Singh and Mahipal Maderna, the state BJP has one more strong reason to lash out at the ruling party. However, with internal differences among the party members, BJP on Wednesday shied away from doing so. The party is in a mood to consolidate the situation and turn it into its favour.\"It is an internal matter for the Congress,'' said state president Arun Chaturvedi, adding that the law will take its own course. There are several in the BJP who want the Bhanwari Devi case to be turned into a major issue for the state, but senior party leaders are against it.Sources within the party claimed that many party members were divided over their stand on the senior leaders' role in the Bhanwari Devi case. With the fear-psychosis working, a group within the party wants to play safe and not take a strong stand, least the Jat community gets upset.\"With elections to be held in other states, it is resting time in Rajasthan for the party. Rather than an attacking strategy, it goes in our favour to be a little passive and try to gain as much support as possible,'' admitted a senior party leader.BJP sources claim that the Congress is facing sharp opposition from Jat and Bishnoi communities, which can be worked to their benefit. \"The Congress is already on a back foot and the party is keen to get the support of the rebel Jat leaders of Congress including Dr Hari Singh and Col Sonaram. In order to ensure this, certain balance will have to be maintained in reference to the Bhanwari Devi case,'' a senior Jat leader said. He added that with the party having to suspend Jat MLA Hanuman Beniwal, it is obvious that the party is looking forward for some additional support from the community.The party hopes to gather as much support as possible from the community before the Kisan Mahasabha to be organised in the state capital next month. Though, the public meeting's primary focus are farmers, special attention is being paid to the Jat community, specially with community leaders hoping to turn it into a platform for show of strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11385772", "title": "Rekha Bhardwaj turns composer", "text": "Rekha Bhardwaj starts recording her new untitled album, will not just lend voice but also compose tunes for all the songs in itTalking about the venture, Rekha explained to Mumbai Mirror, \"This is the album of bandishes (set of words tied together in a raga). I have been composing since January 2006 and finally have started recording it. The songs are penned by Munna Dhiman and composed by me.\"Incidentally, Rekha was supposed to compose music for the second part of her 2004 album Ishqa Ishqa. Her husband Vishal Bhardwaj had composed the music for the first. However, this album is not Ishqa Ishqa 2. \"That would start soon with Gulzar Sahab and Vishal Bhardwaj,\" informed Rekha.\"The bandishes I'm doing are my own interpretation of the influence of classical music, my training with my Guruji Pt. Amarnathji (Disciple of Ustad Amir Khan sahab) of Indore Gharana from whom I learnt my music in Delhi,\" added Rekha.Interestingly, her husband Vishal is not writing the lyrics of Rekha's first album as a composer. \"No lyrics are by Munna Dhiman who has written for Delhi 6 and not Vishal Bharadwaj. I will be singing all the songs in the album,\" informed Rekha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11382883", "title": "Work in full swing at Magh Mela site", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Four days are left for the beginning of the month-long Magh Mela and hectic activities are going on at the mela site.Various social and religious organisations were seen setting up camps and tents on Thursday. Shops puja material and other essentional commodities are coming up at various spots for the pilgrims.The recent rainfall and storm has affected the preparations. But now things have speeded up and the authorities are trying to make the site ready for pilgrims before January 9. \"We are making arrangements for the pilgrims. Pontoon bridges have already been constructed,\" mela officer said. Efforts are on to check soil erosion, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386322", "title": "Flop-E's music launch in Kolkata", "text": "On Wednesday, Pritam Sarkar's forthcoming flick \" Flop-E\" had its music launch at a city club.The event featured performances by Neel Dutt, who has also scored the film's music, and Cactus frontman Sidhu. Talking about his music, Neel said, \"The music has been composed keeping in mind the temperament of today's listeners.\" The film has four tracks, all penned by Anindya Bose and Pritam Sarkar. Sidhu and Ankita have done the playback.The film stars veteran actors Sabyasachi Chakrabarty and Barun Chanda apart from having Paoli and Srijit Mukherji in interesting roles. Sabyasachi and Srijit play themselves in the film, which also has an action sequence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383823", "title": "Tirpude students protest teacher's removal", "text": "NAGPUR: In a glaring example of commercialization of the education sector, a lecturer who allegedly refused to give bribe to save his job was shown the door by a local college management on Wednesday. However, the students rose against the sacking of their favourite teacher and fiercely protested his ouster, forcing the management to reconsider their decision.Lecturer Thomas PC teaches students of post graduate and undergraduate courses of social work at Tirpude College of Social Work. He had been appointed to work on probation for two years, and the period was about to end this year. But before he could relish a permanent appointment, Thomas was handed a termination letter by the college management, citing his 'unsatisfactory performance'.The college is run by a private trust named Yugantar Education Society.The students agitating in support of Thomas alleged that their 'most favourite' teacher was terminated due to his honesty and morality. According to them, Thomas was asked to pay Rs 8-10 lakhs by the management to continue in his job. When he refused to pay this money, he was handed the termination letter on Wednesday.Students also alleged that earlier too Thomas had been given oral warning by the authorities regarding his termination.A couple of other teachers working on probation along with Thomas have not been sacked. Students said they have given in to the management's demand for money.However, Thomas's ouster was not accepted by the college students, who came together and staged a protest in the college premises on Thursday. Around 150 social work students refused to attend classes and raised slogans against the corrupt attitude of the college management.\"It is very miserable to know that we are studying in an institution which lacks work ethics and integrity. How will they teach us social work when they indulge in such immoral activities,\" lamented a student.These students told TOI that Thomas was one of the most regular teachers and the only one who could speak and teach in fluent English. They even submitted a memorandum to the college trust, highlighting the fact that Thomas was the second rank holder in Master in Social Work (MSW) exams conducted by Nagpur University and also the research guide for the same.However, principal KS Patil categorically denied all allegations by the students. He said Thomas was being dismissed on account of his poor performance. He further gave the reason that the lecturer's \"language of instruction was English, due to which the Marathi/Hindi medium students suffered\".\"If we wanted to take a bribe, we would have done it earlier, when he had joined. We take decisions on the basis of merit and performance only,\" he said.No salary since last 2 yrs!Thomas told TOI that he along with many other teachers have not received their salaries since last 22 months. Raj Kumar Tirpude from the college management confirmed the non-payment of teaching staff. He said they had already dispatched a proposal to the government to remedy this problem. \"Even the principal, who was earlier a regular teacher, is not getting salary from the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11381115", "title": "Yiwu: A rogue city run by profit", "text": "BEIJING: India's advisory asking traders to stay away from Yiwu in eastern China following mistreatment of a diplomat and illegal confinement of two Indians there has triggered fears of reprisals among Indian businessmen in Hong Kong and mainland China.\"The advisory is meant to protect us. But we also fear the advisory might provoke local officials to start inspecting our business methods. That will make it impossible to function in Yiwu as this is a relationship-based business,\" a Yiwu-based Indian trader told TOI.Much of exports from Yiwu are done on the basis of export-import licenses held by a few powerful Chinese companies. Indian buyers fear they may be denied the advantage of using these licenses if Chinese authorities reacted to the advisory. They fear that they might find it difficult to obtain credit from suppliers after the latest incident of kidnapping.Indian businessmen in Yiwu and other cities around it buy goods in bulk for markets in Africa, the Middle East and South East Asia besides India.Sources said India is unexpected to rollback the advisory overnight, but it might try to soften its after negotiations with Chinese authorities. \"The advisory was issued in response to an immediate situation. Once we get a fuller picture from Shanghai, we will decide what to do further,\" said Indian envoy to China S Jaishankar.China feels that local traders have been short changed by a company, Euro Global, which defaulted in the payment of goods. A bunch of local traders then kidnapped two Indians -- Shayamsunder Agarwal and Deepak Raheja -- believed to be employees of the defaulting firm and kept them in private custody for two weeks.\"China hopes that the Indian side will educate and make Indian businessmen abide by relevant laws and regulations to operate according to law and fulfill their commitments in good faith,\" Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said.The advisory had an immediate impact and led to the immediate release of the two, who were earlier denied justice even after a local Indian consulate approached a Yiwu court. The two remained in a Shanghai hotel on Thursday after leaving Yiwu under police protection on Wednesday. They may have to attend proceedings in the Yiwu court, which has taken away their travel documents.Some Indian businessmen in China see the advisory in a different light. \"It is time both India and China acted against fly by night operators. That will make the business clean and provide better opportunities to those who want to conduct transactions in a responsible manner,\" one Indian trader said.China also tried to negate the impression that the two had to be shifted from Yiwu because local traders were threatening them. \"They were settled in a hotel in Yiwu where they had freedom of movement. China always safeguards the lawful rights of foreigners including the Indian citizens in China,\" Hong said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11382637", "title": "Chess may be compulsory in Karnataka schools too", "text": "BANGALORE: Chess is the flavour of the season and taking a cue from Gujarat and Tamil Nadu, Karnataka plans to make the game compulsory in schools. This revives a model widely prevalent in the Soviet bloc which churned out chess champs by the dozens in state-sponsored academies through the latter half of the last century.\"We're seriously considering making chess compulsory in schools. It's aimed at improving the cognitive skills of children and also popularizing the game,\" primary and secondary education minister Visveshwara Hegde Kageri told TOI on Thursday.He may even ask officials to study the model being used in Gujarat and Tamil Nadu to imbibe the best practices there. \"We introduced indoor and outdoor games in our schools long ago. Now, we plan to make chess a preferred game among students,'' said Kageri.Chess associations in the state plan to make a pitch to the government. \"We discussed this at our association meeting on Wednesday. We'll put forward a proposal to the government shortly,'' said R Hanumanthu, vice-president, United Karnataka Chess Association.Will make kids smarter: SchoolsThere are schools in Bangalore which have chess for years now. For students of Greenwood High, chess is not just a game. It's a subject that they learn at school, write exams for, and require to pass for promotion to the next class. There is an entire department with teachers who teach only chess, a classroom with only chessboards and two chairs on either sides and four hours every week dedicated for it.\"Chess inculcates logical thinking in students. They develop strategies to tackle a situation, learn to control pressure and develop focusing skills,\" said Niru Agarwal, director.Like Niru, most school principals believe in the cognitive and character-building skills that chess can help in inculcating in children. However, many schools believe that it's not just chess, but sports as a whole that needs to be promoted in schools.\"To make a sport mandatory in schools is right. But what we need is a definite sports policy,'' said Archana Vishwanath, principal, Jain Heritage Academy.\"Chess is a game that will calm down children's minds and train them to concentrate. In these times when children are exposed to only destructive games, chess is a welcome move. However, to incorporate it as a part of the curriculum requires deliberation. There should be trainers, they should look into how the game can help the child in the long run,'' said Kalpana Mohan, principal, Vidyashilp Academy.\"Any sport being mandatory is a positive move. But there is a need for a balance of indoor and outdoor sports. Chess is a sedentary game, but involves a lot of skills that a child needs to imbibe,\" said Parminder Gill, co-founder and chief marketing officer, Edusports.Quote hangersIf all state governments follow the lead taken by Gujarat and Tamil Nadu in introducing chess in schools, it will increase the talent pool of chess players in India manifold times. Students in Kalmykia, hometown of Kirsan Nikolayevich Ilyumzhinov, president of FIDE (or the World Chess Federation ), where chess was compulsorily introduced as a subject in schools, are seen to be doing extremely well in physics and mathematics, mainly because the game makes one to analyze, think and strategize.''DV Sundar | vice-president, FIDE\"Introducing chess in schools is welcome. There can be a chessboard in each school and a chess master can be appointed for a cluster of schools. A cluster will consist of 18 schools. The master can move about in these schools.\"AS Seetharamu | consultant, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11383100", "title": "Lankan held for smuggling gold biscuits", "text": "KOCHI: The attempt by a Sri Lankan national to smuggle 14 gold biscuits of 100 gm each by concealing them in his rectum was thwarted by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials at the Cochin International Airport here on Thursday.The Sri Lankan national, identified as Altaf Shahul Hameed, 47, of Colombo, was arrested at the airport by a DRI team led by senior officer N S Dev.According to DRI sources, the person was nabbed based on an intelligence input.\"Based on the input, we picked him up when he landed at the airport in a Sri Lankan Airways flight around 8.50am. Though he initially concealed the gold biscuits in his rectum, he admitted to smuggling when we subjected him to X-ray scanning,\" sources said.The person has been shifted to the Government General Hospital to remove the biscuits from the rectum.Based on intelligence inputs, the DRI has stepped up its surveillance on international passengers travelling through the Cochin airport. \"The accused will be shifted to the DRI office for detailed interrogation. We suspect that the accused has landed here to supply gold bars to an agent,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383767", "title": "MNS to contest from 35 prabhags", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) headed by Raj Thackeray is planning it big for the February 16 NMC polls. \"We intend to contest from at least 35 prabhags and field at least 70 candidates,\" said Vishal Barbate, Sah-Sampark pramukh on Thursday.The party, formed after Raj Thackeray left the Shiv Sena , has made major inroads into the Sena vote bank in Mumbai and Nashik and is hoping that its leader's magic works in Nagpur too. In last civic polls the fledgling party could win from only two wards - ward 97 (Moreshwar Dhote) and 5 (Vikas Khobragade). Both of them may not repeatedly pave the way for their kin.MNS hit headlines last month by becoming the first political party in the country to hold an entrance examination for aspiring candidates. The test was based on basic knowledge related to the working of NMC, its history as well as the latest developments in it. Of the 104 candidates who appeared, 101 were interviewed last week. \"Raj Thackeray had made it clear that the exam and interview were must for every aspirant to the party ticket. The party was also firm on going for it alone and there will be no pre-poll tie-up with any other party,\" said Barbate.\"There is great enthusiasm among party workers as MNS is seen as a party with modern outlook. People want a change in the political system and would like their representative to be educated and efficient. Riding on this wave, we plan to contest from at least 35 prabhags that is two candidates from each,\" said Barbate. MNS also has a large number of youth workers, he claimed.Dhote's son and Khobrgadae's wife did appear for the test and have strong chance of be fielded. The party is confident of taking its tally to at least double digit this time. If it manages that, it could a pay a decisive role in the next civic body. In the event of Congress and BJP-led alliances not in a position to get a clear majority any party or group with 10 to 12 seats could play the role of kingmaker in the next civic elections in the city. The MNS is fancying that position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11376405", "title": "Deepika Padukone to fight new actress to win Ranbir Kapoor?", "text": "While Deepika Padukone might have been cast opposite ex-love Ranbir Kapoor, she will have to fight it out with another actress before she wins him.While Deepika Padukone might have been cast opposite ex-love Ranbir Kapoor in Ayan Mukherji's film, she will have to fight it out with another actress before she wins him (in the film at least).While Ayan Mukherji's film Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani was, so far, largely being seen as a love story between Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone, there seems to be a new 'angle' to the film now. And that could well make this Karan Johar production another love triangle.If sources are to be believed, the makers are in hunt for a new actress to be cast opposite Ranbir Kapoor in the film, in addition to Deepika Padukone. Insiders claim that Dharma Productions have already started auditions for the new face and someone should be finalized soon.So for Ranbir Kapoor, it's more the merrier. Wonder if Deepika Padukone feels the same!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382039", "title": "'Will continue campaign for human rights'", "text": "MUMBAI: Thursday morning brought a little more than just sunshine to the Bandra-based Ferreira family. Their son, Arun, was finally home after spending close to five years behind bars at the Nagpur Central Jail and the family members are still struggling to express their emotions.\"It's been a long struggle for us and we are just glad that we have him back,\" said Sanjiv Ferreira, Arun's brother. Arun, who was arrested along with two others for his alleged involvement in Naxalite activities in May 2007, was later held in several other cases. \"The case will continue in the court but at least we have him back home now,\" said Fr Allwyn D'silva, Arun's uncle. As per the law,Arun will have to report to the Bandra police station every month while he's out on bail.While Arun has already filed a petition in the high court against state authorities and police officials for denying him human rights while in jail, D'silva added that they will now keep the campaign for human rights alive. \"There is absolutely no law in this country regarding compensation. People are put in jail, made to rot and later, acquitted of all charges. What about all the mental and physical torture that they went through,\" asked D'silva, who is the chairperson of the Justice &amp; Peace Commission of the Catholic Church. This organization was working towards garnering support for Arun's release.D'silva added that there needs to be some thought by the law authorities before jailing someone without proving him/her guilty. \"Even getting bail in this country is so difficult for those who don't have powerful resources. So many politicians and their relatives get away with the most heinous of crimes, but the common man needs to struggle for the same,\" he added. The Ferreira family had visited various politicians as well as police officials for help during the trial.At present, Arun is glad to be back home and wants to spend quality time with his parents, wife and son. \"He missed out on all the precious years when his son was growing up, and he doesn't want to miss anything anymore,\" said his uncle. Arun and the rest of his family refused to interact with media.On being asked about the action the state is planning to take in this case, home minister R R Patil told TOI, \"We will decide our course of action on the basis of the legal opinion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382365", "title": "Juhu activist to contest polls", "text": "MUMBAI: With no takers in the upscale Juhu area for ward 64, activist and entrepreneur Sherley Singh will be the probable citizen candidate for the February 16 civic election. The 42-year-old Juhu resident will use the Mumbai 227 platform to stand for elections.\"Mumbai 227 has social activists and their guidance is welcome. Being an activist and actually winning elections is a different ball-game. This platform has a mechanism in place,\" said Singh. Now reserved as a ward for women, it presently has corporator Bablu Aziz ( Congress).Singh, an entrepreneur and secretary of the Juhu Scheme Residents' Association, had along with other residents, succeeded in removing an illegal security office near the Irla nullah, which was causing flooding during the monsoon. She recently fought to keep a recreation ground open for the public. She has also been part of the opposition to MMRDA's Metro II project.Under the banner of the Nagriksatta ward 63, Singh along with many residents, got 540 children enrolled to the Gandhigram municipal school opposite ISCKON; plans are afoot to convert it into a private school.\"I've worked closely with Adolf D'Souza for five years. When you are an activist, you end up doing work meant for elected representatives. I've been part of planning for the area. But you can make strategic changes in the system only when you are a corporator. You can be a huge pressure point. You are answerable only to the people. I've experienced that with Adolf, the city's first citizen corporator,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11382376", "title": "Disturbed Madani throws tantrums in jail", "text": "BANGALORE: Upset at being denied bail by the Supreme Court in the 2008 Bangalore serial blasts case, People's Democratic Party (PDP) leader Abdul Nasser Madani is allegedly throwing tantrums in Parappana Agrahara Central Prison, jail sources said.On Wednesday and Thursday, h reportedly yelled at jail officials who serve breakfast to prisoners in their cells. This brought other jail officials to his Cell No. 7, delaying breakfast to at least 20 other elder life convicts in the adjacent Cell No. 6.The Supreme Court rejected his bail plea on Tuesday.\"On Wednesday, Madani shouted at caterers for disturbing his morning prayers. He insisted that no one should walk or stand in front of his cell when he prayed,\" jail sources said. He complained that staffers' shouts of 'Naashta, naashta' (breakfast) was very disturbing.Stamp paper scam accused Abdul Kareem Telgi is in Cell No. 8, while Sandalwood producer Govardhan Murthy, accused of killing budding actor Vinod in 2008, is in Cell No. 9.Around 20 elder convicts, all facing life imprisonment and over 70 years, are in Cell No. 6. \"A few of these convicts like Krishna Reddy, 70, Vajrappa, 80, and H Basavaraj, 80, were forced to have a delayed breakfast,\" sources said. They alleged that some jail officials were heeding Madani's request on not allowing anyone near his cell.Jail superintendent HT Lakshminarayana did not respond to TOI's attempts to reach him for his comments. After a while, his cellphone remained switched off.\"I'll look into the matter and, if necessary, will shift Madani to another cell,\" additional director general of prisons KV Gagandeep said.Who is Madani?Madani, 46, is chairman of People's Democratic Party of Kerala. He was arrested in the Bangalore serial blasts case on August 26, 2010 and is accused No. 31 in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383532", "title": "Etiquette classes for cabbies, automen", "text": "MUMBAI: After having cracked the whip on nearly 650 errant auto drivers in the past one month, the Regional Transport Office (RTO) officials now plan special classes for both auto and taxi drivers during the Road Safety Fortnight.According to RTO sources, auto drivers in the eastern and western suburbs will be imparted lessons on etiquette and moral values.The Tardeo RTO will also hold such camps for cabbies in the island city. \"We cannot continue imposing fines and suspending licences. We need to interact with the drivers and teach them to behave properly with passengers and refrain from cheating citizens,\" said an RTO official. \"We support the training camp and will ensure that drivers participate in the lectures,\" said auto union leader Thampy Kurian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "11388124", "title": "Samsung loses bid to ban iPhone 4S in Italy", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co, the maker of the Galaxy mobile devices, failed to win a sales ban on Apple Inc's latest iPhone in Italy, as a global patent dispute between the two companies continues.A Milan court rejected the Suwon, South Korea- based company's bid to block the iPhone 4S in Italy, said Nam Ki Yung, a Seoul-based spokesman for Samsung, confirming an earlier report by Ansa news agency.Samsung, which reported a 73 per cent jump in fourth- quarter operating profit after selling a record number of handsets last year, also failed to win a sales ban on the iPhone 4S in France last month. Samsung and Apple have been suing each other in multiple countries over patents related to mobile technologies and designs since the iPhone maker accused the South Korean rival of copying its products last year.\"We will review the ruling and consider all available measures to further protect our intellectual property rights and stop this free riding on our technology,\" Samsung said in a statement, referring to the court's decision.Steve Park , an Apple spokesman in Seoul , reiterated the company's earlier statement on the dispute that Apple needs to protect its intellectual property against \"blatant copying.\"Samsung fell 1.4 per cent to 1,040,000 won at the close of trading in Seoul, the lowest level since Dec. 20. The stock was the biggest contributor to the benchmark Kospi index's 1.1 per cent decline.The South Korean electronics maker overtook Apple as the world's largest maker of smartphones in the third quarter, helped by the popularity of the Galaxy line of products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11382353", "title": "Phase two may hurt us more", "text": "BANGALORE: The Phase two extension of Namma Metro rail project has acquired ominous tones. An urban development department proposal to levy cess on properties in areas through which the rapid mass transit system will pass through has come as a shocker.The proposal virtually rubs salt into our wounds. While those owning properties adjacent to the proposed routes have to deal with losing their precious land to the project, those living in the vicinity have to put up with traffic chaos for years.However, experts point out that properties in the vicinity of upcoming routes are certain to gain in value once the project is in place. Besides, the proposal is all about making public pay for infrastructure, they say.Mukunda N, president, Citizen Action Forum , Jayanagar which spearheaded an agitation against the Phase I alignment in South Bangalore, said the government is treating people like guinea pigs. \"First, BBMP extracts property tax from us. Then, BWSSB imposes rain water harvesting. Now, the government wants the common man to pay cess for the Metro. It's another way of looting money from people on the pretext that the state coffers are empty,\" he said.He spikes the property value boost: \"Any boom in market value is notional till the property owner decides to sell her property. Once the Metro comes into localities, residential properties will make way for commercial buildings. This is certainly not welcome.\"Expertspeak* It's a reasonable proposal. The government is trying to improve the infrastructure by which you will benefit economically and you should be ready to pay for it. There's been a boom in property value along the MG Road-Byappanahalli alignment and value of property along other reaches is also going up. People may argue that they also pay property tax but that's very low compared to the increase in value of their property.Ashwin Mahesh | convener, ABIDe* This is a great move and needs to be implemented mainly because the city needs relief from bad roads and chaotic traffic. Also, property value will increase by at least 1.5 times and owners will benefit enormously. This will be the trend in infrastructure development in the city and people must realize that this is the only way Bangalore can get infrastructure like metro. But the government must ensure a transparent mechanism on using the fund raised from the cess.RK Misra | chairman, Mahadevapura Agenda Task ForceIt's legitimate to levy a cess in areas that benefit from major infrastructure projects. When the Outer Ring Road was built, there was a surcharge on lands around the ORR belt. The rationale is that property values increase and the area around it benefits from the infrastructure. Property owners along Phase 2 will most protest against this additional levy for the infrastructure project. Primarily because people expect their taxes pay for it. But the principle of beneficiaries being charged is sound. There will be challenges in identifying them and making them pay.V Ravichander | civic expert", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11380897", "title": "Sugar factories demand 35 per litre for ethanol", "text": "PUNE: Sugar factories in the state have urged the Union government to revise the price of ethanol from Rs 27 per litre to Rs 35 due to the rise in production cost.The Maharashtra State Federation of Cooperative Sugar Factories Ltd (Sakhar Sangh) has communicated the demand to the government through a note prepared by it.Maharashtra has 92 ethanol manufacturing plants with a production capacity of 88.58 crore litres, the note said. However, mainly due to lack of demand, this capacity has remained unutilized. This capacity is enough to meet the requirement of Maharashtra and neighbouring states in case 5% or even 10% doping of petrol with ethanol is allowed. The oil companies are presently procuring ethanol at Rs 27 per litre.Ajit Chaugule, managing director of Sakhar Sangh, said: \"The Union government had appointed a committee under the chairmanship of Soumitra Choudhury to finalize the ethanol price. It is learnt that the committee has recommended a price of Rs 30 per litre. Considering the prices of molasses and alcohol, the production cost of ethanol and international crude prices, ethanol manufacturers should get a minimum price of Rs 35 per litre. We are expecting a decision from the Union finance ministry.\"The Union government has fixed Rs 27 per litre price for ethanol last year. But due to rise in demand for molasses and rectified spirit and consequent escalation in production cost, ethanol production was stopped and the proposed 5% blending of petrol with ethanol could not happen on a large scale.The Sangh claimed that ethanol manufacturing will boost the sugar industry as new market is being created for oil and sugar sector. There will be more demand for molasses and rectified spirit along with ethanol, which will increase the business for sugar factories and can also pay higher rate for sugarcane farmers, the Sangh has stated in its note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386114", "title": "Will Nicole and Baz be in India?", "text": "While MS Dhoni and his Men in Blue are feeling the heat Down Under, there is an interest within the Australian film and television industry to woo all things India.This year is shaping up a big year for tieups between India-Australia in terms of films. Last year, Hugh Jackman had attended the Australian Film Festival in Mumbai. The buzz doing the rounds this year is that Baz Luhrmann and Nicole Kidman might come down to India for AFFI 2012. But before that happens in March, an Australian film unit is already in India to shoot a movie based on cricket. Titled \"Save Your Legs!\", the film will begin shooting in Varanasi from January 11.The cricket film, starring Australian actors Stephen Curry , Brendan Cowell and Damon Gameau, is a comedy that's inspired by a 2005 documentary of the same name. It is about a Melbourne cricket team. Directed by Boyd Hicklin (who also directed the original documentary) produced by Nick Batzias and Robyn Kershaw, and shot by Mark Wareham ACS, the film is about how a guy leads his two best friends and their cowboy cricket club on an audacious tour of India, winning friends but losing matches all the way. Large portions of the film, which began filming in Melbourne in December, will be shot in Kolkata. The film is expected to premiere as part of the 2012 Melbourne International Film Festival and will release in late-2012.Nicole ad at AFFI Meanwhile, Baz Luhrmann is the retrospective director of AFFI and all his movies will be screened at this Mumbai festival. The festival will also have the first digital simultaneous release of John Winter's \"Black &amp; White &amp; Sex\" in India and Australia apart from Bill Bennett's \"Defiant\". Though AFFI director Anupam Sharma refuses to comment on the presence of the stars right now, he says, \"Baz is the retrospective director and we are showing all his great films apart from his famous ad with Nicole Kidman, which was one of the costliest ad ever made for a perfume brand. We would also be screening the making of the ad at the festival.\"For those not in the loop, Luhrmann had directed this lavish multi-million dollar commercial inspired by his Red Curtain trilogy, starring Nicole Kidman and Rodrigo and the director had told that the commercial was based on the 1953 film - \"Roman Holiday\".What's further interesting is that Australia has more than $100 million worth of Indiacentric films that are being shot in this country. Most, in fact, have received government funding for development or production. These include \"Defiant\" by Bill Bennett \", \"One in A Billion\", \"An Indian Summer\" by John Winter, and \"Bollywood Bazaar\".Another very interesting project that will reinforce the Bollywood connect with Australia is the hosting of a reality show on India and Indians on an Australian mainstream television. The show, which is expected to run sometime between March and April this year is titled \"Bollywood Star\" and is aimed to find Australia's first Bollywood star! And guess what's the goody on offer for the star? The winner gets a role in a Mahesh Bhatt film! Says Bhatt, who is now in Darjeeling with daughter Pooja, \"I had already done one such show of \"Bollywood Star\" in London . It was a huge hit. There is a growing interest in Bollywood in Australia. The franchise was picked up in Australia and I have now shot for the finals of the show as well in Mumbai. It will be aired in March/April. I will be casting the winner in either \"Jism 2\" or \"Ashique 2\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381591", "title": "Free treatment still out of reach of poor patients; panel slams govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Poor patients haven't been able to reap benefits of the free treatment provision in top private hospitals in the city. The monitoring committee looking after the implementation has faulted the government policies vis-a-vis lack of publicity and failure by state-run health institutions to refer the needy.In a letter written to the Directorate of Health Services, Delhi government, committee member Ashok Agarwal has claimed there is complete absence of information to the economically weaker section ( EWS) category patients about the facility due to which most beds reserved for them remain unoccupied.On Thursday, TOI found more than 50% free beds earmarked for the poor in 40 private hospitals lying vacant. These hospitals are obliged to provide 25% free treatment in OPD and 10% free beds to poor in IPD.According to Agarwal, they visited slums and JJ clusters in Shastri Nagar, Nand Nagri, Azadpur, Uttam Nagar and Zaffarabad over the last one month. \"People living in these colonies said they did not know about the provision. Almost 90% of the slumdwellers had never visited any private hospital for the fear of high cost of treatment,\" he said.A senior health official, also member of the committee, said on condition of anonymity that despite several reminders, compliance by government hospitals mandated to refer such patients to private hospitals remains very low. \"More than 32 government hospitals in the capital, including AIIMS, Safdarjung, GB Pant Hospital and Lok Nayak Hospital have been mandated to refer poor patients to private hospitals if there is heavy rush. But only few are regularly referring them. To check this, the health department has now asked all hospitals to send a weekly report on number of patients referred by them,\" he said .Sources said that the government has agreed to suggestions made by the monitoring committee and will soon launch an awareness campaign. \"For the first time, the names of hospitals, number of free beds available and eligibility criteria for free treatment will be advertised on a large scale through print and electronic media and LCD screens installed at public places. The phone numbers of monitoring committee members will be made public, too,\" said a DHS official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11382064", "title": "MCG flouting its own norms?", "text": "GURGAON: In an allegation that can have far-reaching ramifications if proved, the municipal councillor of Ward 14 has accused MCG officials of flouting their own rules by constructing a community centre within the restricted 900-metre zone around the IAF ammunition depot.According to Sunita Kataria, the officials have found a way around the rule book just to please the local MLA and claims the centre is to be inaugurated by the MP, Deepender Hooda, on January 13. According to Kataria of the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD), senior officials of the MCG (Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon) are constructing this community centre in Amanpura near Sector 5 on behalf of the MLA. \"I have documents which clearly state that the MCG has sanctioned the money to construct this community centre and awarded the contract to a close relative of the local MLA. The construction is still going on even though the site lies within 900 metrers of the ammunition depot and the Supreme Court has stated that no construction can take place till the next order,\" she said.\"Moreover, the fact is the corporation has named this community centre after Bhim Rao so that the MLA can take credit even though the money has been spent by the MCG. I can still understand if they had named it after Bhim Rao Ambedkar , but they have wilfully omitted the last name. I met senior officials on Thursday as well and gave them a copy of the Supreme Court order and will raise this issue at the monthly House meeting on Friday. If the issue is not resolved, I will approach the court,\" she added.Repeated attempts to reach the municipal commissioner for his comments in this allegation proved unsuccessful. The mayor said that he was aware of this issue. \"I know that the money being used to build this community centre belongs to the corporation and work is still being carried out, however I need to verify the fact that the site lies within the 900-metre zone,\" said Vimal Yadav.Meanwhile, the INLD has said that all its councillors along with thousands of supporters will protest in front of the MCG office on January 16. \"There will be a mass demonstration to protest against the lack of water, electricity and other basic necessities. There is absolutely no work being done by the MCG officials,\" said Gaje Singh Kablana, INLD councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11382652", "title": "Lokayukta cops can probe Balakrishne Gowda", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Thursday dismissed the criminal petition filed by HD Balakrishne Gowda, retired KAS officer and eldest son of former Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda. It means Lokayukta police can now investigate against him in a private complaint pertaining to disproportionate assets case.\"The claim of political rivalry cannot be examined at this stage in a petition which has limited scope. When the investigation is at the threshold stage, it is not possible to hold that complaint/ FIR are influenced by mala fide. There are many properties acquired by the petitioner's wife, brother-in-law and sister-in-law before his retirement.Needless to say they had independent source of income to acquire these properties. It is a matter of investigation and these facts cannot be decided by the assertion of petitioner or the denial by the respondents. There is prima facie material which warrants reference under section 156(3) of the criminal procedure code for investigation and the averments in the petition cannot be termed as absurd or vexatious,\" Justice N Ananda observed in his order while dismissing the petition.Balakrishna Gowda filed this petition seeking quashing of the proceedings in the disproportionate assets case lodged by S N Balakrishna, retired assistant manager of Visvesvaraya Iron and Steel Limited, Bhadravathi.HDK's plea adjournedJustice N Ananda adjourned to Friday the hearing on the criminal petition filed by former chief minister H D Kumaraswamy, another son of H D Deve Gowda. The case pertains to a private complaint lodged by T J Abraham seeking action against three former chief ministers for allowing illegal mining in the state. Kumaraswamy's counsel argued that the complaint is based on a press statement given by G Janardhana Reddy , MLC and former minister in 2006 alleging Rs 150 crore kickbacks in issuing mining permits.BSY pleas, hearing adjournedJustice Anand Byrareddy commenced further hearing on petitions filed by former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa challenging summons issued by the special court in complaints filed by advocate Sirajin Basha. The arguments will continue on Friday. The special court had issued summons against Yeddyurappa, his kith and kin last August in relation to complaints relating to instances of denotification of BDA-acquired lands.Slovanian CJ visits HCOn Thursday morning, Prof. Ernest Petric, president of the constitutional court of Slovenia met Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen in the high court and witnessed proceedings for about half an hour. He evinced keen interest in public interest litigations and advocate general BV Acharya explained to him the evolution of such litigation and about courts imposing hefty costs in frivolous cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11380642", "title": "Fire ravages IGI\u2019s old cargo terminal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cargo operations were disrupted at the IGI Airport in the early hours of Thursday when a fire broke out at the old cargo terminal, destroying 40 airline offices.The fire was reported at 1:05am and was finally doused at 4.45am. While no goods were lost to the fire, many records and important documents perished as the offices went up in flames.Sources said the fire, which affected the first floor of the cargo building, could have possibly started earlier but went unnoticed since the offices shut around 7pm. The Delhi Police has asked for CCTV footage of the building for investigation purposes.\"The offices were made by partitioning the floor using screens of inflammable material with a false ceiling. Delhi fire service had taken over the building to ensure that no more fires broke out. They are yet to determine the cause of the fire and had not handed over the building to airlines till Thursday night,\" said an airport official.Airlines which suffered losses in the fire were Air India, Aeroflot, Ethiopian Airlines, Gulf Air, Kuwait Airways, Royal Jordanian Airlines, South African cargo, Swiss World cargo, Thai Airways, Turkmenistan Airlines, Air Arabia, Uzbekistan Airlines, Sri Lankan Airlines, TNT and Phillipine Airlines. Air India officials said eight of their rooms were reduced to ashes. \"Several important documents and records are gone.While computer back-up is available for some, the papers that were with custom officials are not lost forever. It is going to be difficult to determine who owns what goods and what is to be sent where. The next few days will be chaotic,\" said an airline official.Celebi Holdings, that manages the cargo complex, said the damage seemed to be limited to office equipment and furniture and confirmed that there had been no casualties in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11381808", "title": "Rajasthan Board closes down 100 exam centres", "text": "AJMER: The Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education has closed down 100 existing examination centres in the state due to complaints received last year during board exams. The board has also debarred 158 teachers in the state from doing work related to board examinations. It has started preparations for the coming board exams in which about 1,750,000 students will appear for class X and XII exams.The board is rearranging the exam centres in the state this time, mostly in the tribal regions. \"Around 250 new examination centres have been formed looking to the demand of girl students who have to walk long distances to reach the exam centres,\" Subhash Garg, chairman of the board, said.Last year, there were 4,609 centres of the board here, out of which 100 have been closed down. \"We got several complaints against these centres and therefore have closed them down and assigned new centres,\" Garg added. This time board will conduct class X and XII board exams at 4,760 centers. \"Even if there is a demand for examination centres in tribal regions we will provide them,\" Garg said.According to board, again this year nearly 17 lakh and 50 thousand students are appearing in different examinations of the board which is near to the numbers of students appeared last year. Board has started preparing for the examination which are starting from 1 of March and will emphasis more on transparency. \"Meeting of state level high core committee will be organize in Jaipur on 1 of February in which education minister will analyze the preparation\" added Garg.The board is now more concern on practical examination in school and constituted teams to check the laboratory in schools for the examination. Last year there were complaints from students that mostly private schools conducted practical examination without science laboratory. These complaints were mostly from Jaipur, Dholpur, Sikar and Churu district \"This time we are on inspections of these schools and if we found that schools are not following the norms of the board will discontinue the affiliation\" said Garg.The board is also preparing for the convocation of the board this year will be on 9 or on 10 February in which eight gold medals and 197 silver medals will be given to the meritorious students. The function will be organized in Ajmer and chief minister Ashok Gahlot is likely to preside the ceremony. \"We are also going to honor the government schools who showed better result and the function will be organize in Jaipur on 5 February in which 2 schools on state level, 14 on range level and 55 on district level will be honored\" said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11383996", "title": "2 days after mishap, cops seek school bus status", "text": "BHOPAL: The Govindpura police on Thursday sought details of the schoolbusthat overturned while carrying students of the Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) on Chetak Bridge in the state capital on December 3.Three students sustained minor injuries in the mishap and the incident raised safety of the kids travelling in the school buses.In a letter to Bhopal RTO PS Bamroliya, the Govindpura police have asked for the details regarding fitness and permit of the bus in question. Town inspector RD Bharadwaj confirmed to the TOI that detailsof the bus have been sought from the RTO.Perhaps, it was the first time when the police station shot off a letter to the RTO seeking details. The bus met with an accident at the Kasturba Nagar trisection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11382131", "title": "Snow trap rattles Rohtang tourists", "text": "MANALI: As many as 500 tourists had a narrow escape after being trapped for hours in blizzards on the highway between Kothi and Marhi on Wednesday night. Tourists, who were enjoying snowfall till afternoon, were struggling to save their lives. The administration left the tourists to fend for themselves despite clear alarm sounded about the bad weather by the Met department earlier.\"It was snowing lightly till 2pm and we were having a galatime but suddenly we realized that we are trapped, when our driver told us that it is impossible to drive on a road blocked by slippery snow and we would have to walk 10km down the hill,\" Debashish Dasgupta, a tourist from Bardhaman (West Bengal), told TOI. He added that his family had lost all hopes of escaping from the clutches of death, but they were lucky and could manage to reach Kothi village around 9.30pm.Another group of tourists from Bhagalpur (Bihar), Shriram Shah, Bala Ram Shah, Bablu Kumar Shah, their wives and children, who had reached Beas Nullah after visiting Vaishno Devi in Jammu, said, \"When we were on our way towards Rohtang pass , the sky was crystal clear. The next moment dark clouds hovered over the sky and snowfall started. All the tourists were screaming with joy. After some time, traffic police came there and asked us to vacate the area as soon as possible. But it was too late as our car was not able to move forward on slush and we were trapped at Chaudah Mod.\"The family said that they took a wise decision and left their car, otherwise, it could have been too late. \"All tourists were enjoying walking on fresh snowfall until surrounded by darkness. Feeling of being trapped at an isolated place is terrible. When cold froze our hands and feet, we despertarely sought for someone who could rescue us. Really, mountains are unrelenting,\" Shriram said.Meteorological department in Shimla had released a bulletin that mid and high altitude hills would experience snowfall after January 3. The copy of the report was forwarded to Kullu deputy commissioner B M Nanta and superintendent of police. Despite accurate forecast, tourists were allowed to go to the snow and blizzard-prone zones. And when snowfall began, the police failed to vacate tourist snow point immediately.\"We had not imagined that weather, which was clear till noon, would turn hostile so soon, otherwise tourists would have been stopped near Manali,\" Manali deputy superintendent of police Shamsher Singh said, adding that after snowfall when tourists were asked to leave the place, they jammed the road hurriedly. \"Even after dealing strictly with tourists, they were enjoying photography and finally could not drive on the slippery road. Time was running out and everything ended up with snow trap. Rescue operation finished after 7 hours at 12am,\" he said.The Kullu deputy commissioner said everybody is educated and they should take stock of the situation themselves without insisting on staying in a dangerous area. \"Everybody is aware of the variable weather on mountains. People should cooperate with the police. To prevent such a situation in future, movement of tourists has been stopped beyond Bahang, 6km from Manali,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11384022", "title": "Relief to Sushma, CM in national flag insult case", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major relief to the leader of the opposition in Lok Sabha and the MP chief minister, the district court in Sehore on Thursday quashed a case of insult to the national flag against them. A subordinate court had issued warrants against Sushma Swaraj , Shivraj Singh Chouhan and two others in this case.Additional District and Sessions Judge (ADJ) Nasrullaganj Vijay Malviya allowed the revision petition of Swaraj and others and quashed the Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC) Jafar Iqbal Ahmed's order of issuing arrest warrants and registering a police case against them on November 17 last year.Defence lawyer Rajesh Parashar told the court that his clients had not insulted the national flag and that the case was politically motivated.The JMFC had issued the arrest warrants following a complaint of a Congress leader alleging that Swaraj, Chouhan and others brought disrespect to the tri-colour at a function.Hours after the JMFC order, the BJP leaders moved the ADJ's court which immediately stayed the arrest warrant.A complaint of dishonouring national flag was filed against Swaraj, Chouhan, Sehore's then Collector Sandip Yadav and that district BJP district president, Raghunath Singh Bhati by Congress leader Dwarka Prasad Jat following which the JMFC issued arrest warrant against them and registration of case against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388753", "title": "Vans arrive at Katy and Russell's home", "text": "Moving vans have been spotted at Katy Perry and Russell Brand's house.Two trucks were parked outside the former couple's Hollywood Hills home - which they bought for $6.5 million in June - on Wednesday (04.01.12) but it is not clear whose belongings were being shipped out of the property, TMZ.com reports.Since filing for divorce on December 30, Russell has been staying in his native UK while it has emerged the 'E.T.' hitmaker has sought solace with her grandmother.A source told the Daily Star newspaper: \"Katy drove down to Santa Barbara to spend time with her favourite person. They're extremely close. Katy always runs to her granny when she's in trouble.\"She's been making Katy her favourite pineapple and beetroot salad and giving her a real dose of family love and strong advice about how to heal a broken heart.\"Meanwhile, Katy's parents, Keith and Mary Hudson, joked their daughter's troubles had brought more people to hear them preach.The evangelical Christian ministers addressed the congregation at the Church on the Rise in Westlake, located outside Cleveland , Ohio , and admitted people find them more approachable because of the pop star.Mary said: \"I'm sure that Katy's trending on the Internet was to get you here to church tonight.\"Keith added later in the service: \"You don't need a verse or a scripture. You don't need Katy Perry's father. In the news they call us, 'Katy Perry's parents are religious.' Do I look religious?\"\"What has taken place in my daughter's life has opened many opportunities to go in and be with guarded and gated people. They like us because we're cool. We are not threatening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11383013", "title": "HC notice over filling up school teacher vacancies", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday ordered notice to the state government on a petition seeking to fill up graduate assistant teacher posts only through competitive examination.Justice V Dhanapalan, before whom the matter came up, ordered notice which was returnable by two weeks. The petition was filed by K Somasundaram of Pudukottai and two others qualified with the B.Ed degree and was registered in the district employment exchange. They said the present government decided to fill nearly 8,000 vacant teacher posts of graduate assistants (6th to 8th standards) and post graduate assistants (9th to 12th standard). In this regard the state government also issued a Government Order (GO) stating that all posts would be filled through the teacher eligibility test based on guidelines of the National Council for Teacher Education.They submitted that the guidelines did not provide equality among B.Ed degree holders. Those who have a minimum qualification of B.Ed is sufficient, therefore the guideline is contrary to law. They made a representation to the state authorities to cancel the GO and to fill up the graduate assistant post through competitive examination alone, but there was no response. Hence they preferred the present petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382025", "title": "FMCG companies hike prices", "text": "MUMBAI: Fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies like Procter &amp; Gamble India (P&G;) and Jyothy Laboratories have kick-started the new year by increasing prices to offset commodity cost pressures.P&G; and Jyothy hiked prices across the board while Hindustan Unilever (HUL) had effected selective price increases in toilet soaps in November-December last year. Godrej Consumer Products, Dabur and ITC have, however, not changed product prices, although industry analysts believe that it is only a matter of time that they follow suit.P&G; has taken product prices up by 5-10%. Ariel OxyBlu, which was earlier priced at Rs 80 for 500 gm, now costs Rs 84, while Whisper Choice, which was earlier priced at Rs 20 for a pack of eight, is now dearer by Rs 2 for the same pack. P&G; spokesperson declined to comment.M P Ramachandran, CMD, Jyothy Laboratories, said the company has taken prices up by 5-7% across products, passing down the increase in commodity costs to consumers. The maker of Ujala fabric whitener recently took over majority control of Henkel India, bringing in its fold the latter's detergent business.In the last two months, HUL has raised the price of Lifebuoy (20 gm) by Re 1 to Rs 19 and that of Lux (90 gm) by the same margin to Rs 19.Raw material prices were on an uptrend for most part of last calendar year. Palm oil, which is the key raw material consumed by FMCG companies, has come off its peak but continues to rule high. Prices of packaging materials were also high in November-December, which impact all consumer product companies. Despite the rupee depreciation, prices of other crude-oil derivatives remained unchanged.Analysts said P&G;'s price increase possibly indicated the return of pricing power, especially in detergents and feminine hygiene products. An under-penetrated category like feminine hygiene has grown through price reductions over the years. This is one category which has also got the support of the government which brought the excise duty down on sanitary napkins to 5% in the previous budget, while other FMCG products like soaps, detergents and personal products remained in the 10% excise duty bracket.Price increases, said analysts, would also ensure that value shares are protected from getting eroded in a highly competitive environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11387206", "title": "Busy month for Dulquar Salman", "text": "Mammootty's son Dulquar Salman, who just entered wedlock 10 days ago, is all set for a whirlwind of a month.The newest star kid on the block is currently enjoying his time away with his wife Amal in Cape Town , South Africa.But once he gets back, the actor is in store for a busy month filled with promotions for his debut movie Second Show and the filming of his second film Usthad Hotel.As part of marketing strategy for Second Show, Dulquar has been shying away from the media. However, with the release date set for Jan 20, he will be kept busy with the press meets and promotional events.Also, the star kid's next project Usthad Hotel, directed by Anwar Rasheed, is scheduled to start filming on Jan 12 in Ernakulam. The locations for the flick also include Geneva , Dubai , Ajmer and Kozhikode.The buzz from the camp is that the movie will be shot in a single schedule of 50 days, meaning that Dulquar is expected to juggle between the promotional duties of Second Show and the initial filming of Usthad Hotel during the month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11384149", "title": "8 bikers arrested for rash driving", "text": "RAJKOT: Motorcycle stunt show organized by a private firm landed in trouble before its scheduled day on Friday, after eight of its participants were booked for rash driving in public place on Thursday.Police said eight bikers, most of them from outside the state, had zoomed past from Women's College Circle to Nana Mahuva Circle, performing various daredevilry stunts on Wednesday night. While two of them were arrested on Wednesday night itself, the remaining six were nabbed on Thursday morning.\"The arrested include Sayyed Abbas (20), Mohammed Khan (19), Mohammad Sheikh (23) and Masood Kazmi (22), all from Bhopal, Chetan Kumar (20) and Kushal Jaiswal (22), both from Varanasi, Yuvrajsinh Vala (19) from Rajkot and Sonil Verma (19), a resident of Kalawad of Jamnagar district. They have been booked under Section 279 of Indian Penal Code for rash driving,\" a police official said.The official added that the bikers had hit the road to practice stunts for the show. One of the organizers had also joined them in his car. \"The bikers were booked for rash driving as they had failed to take prior permission from the police for performing stunts at public places,\" he said.Meanwhile, the organizers of the three-day stunt show are mulling calling off the show after the bikers' arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "shivaji nagar", "code": "11382181", "title": "Chintan preserves father's passion", "text": "SHIVAJI NAGAR: When he first clicked a picture out of curiosity of a rose bud on his terrace, Chintan Malhotra had not thought he would win a prize for that picture. A BTech student of civil engineering at Guru Nanak Engineering College, Chintan, 20, likes to capture nature in his lenses apart from practising macro photography.Over the last two years, Chintan has clicked over 10,000 pictures, some of them in other states. He said his family has been supportive to let him explore his passion.He said he even entered the top three contestants in an all Asia online photography competition that had 60 finalists competing with their best clicks.\"My father had an interest in photography and had got cameras at home too, but since he was busy managing the family business, he never got a chance to practice his interest. And, that is where my passion for lenses took birth from,'' said Chintan.Chintan, a resident of Shivaji Nagar, is known in his college for his art as he always spares some time to polish his hands at the camera. \"I make it a point to capture moments even when I am busy with studies. I recently clicked pictures for a rock concert organized to stand for a cause,'' he added.The budding photographer also tries his hands at documentary film making. \"I had made a documentary on child labour earlier and am now planning to make one over an issue of a government school in Field Ganj,'' he said.Chintan has explored Harike Pattan bird sanctuary, near Moga, and Kanjali bird sanctuary, near Kapurthala with his camera apart from clicking various pictures in Chandigarh, Delhi and Rishikesh.He said he has been trying to get hold of an opportunity that lets him merge his education with his interest in photography.His father Surinder Malhotra said, \" I could not pursue my interest in photography but Chintan has been doing a excellent job with his camera. I would want him to go ahead with his passion.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11383990", "title": "Just one ozone jab to ease your back pain", "text": "LONDON: Ozone is a highly reactive gas which can be beneficial or harmful to human health. But, a single jab of the gas could ease the agony of back pain for millions of people, a new study has claimed.Scientists at Frankfurt University in Germany found that around two-thirds of patients who had ozone injected said it relieved the pain caused by disc problems.Ozone could be beneficial or harmful to health, depending where it's in the atmosphere. The 'ozone layer' , which extends from six to thirty miles above the Earth's surface, protects us from the Sun's harmful ultraviolet radiation . But at ground-level , it can be a dangerous air pollutant that damages the airways and inflames the lining of the lungs, the Daily Mail reported.In recent years, however, researchers have been studying its potential as a remedy for herniated discs. This is where discs in the spine which normally act as shock absorbers for the body become damaged and inflamed, pressing against nearby nerves and causing pain and numbness.Treatments usually involve physiotherapy and painkillers but many people end up needing surgery. But the ozone therapy could help many avoid surgery, the scientists said. In the latest study, the German team treated 327 patients with bulging discs who had not got better on other treatments and were heading for major surgery. After a single injection , 37% reported they were still pain-free six months later. Another third reported less frequent episodes of pain, usually once a day rather than several times earlier.Scans showed the discs shrunk by between 2% and 15% afterwards , researchers said. \"If you reduce the volume, it won't be pushing against the nerve and causing pain,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lucknow/faizabad", "code": "11383166", "title": "Surveillance teams recover Rs 82 lakh from Faizabad", "text": "LUCKNOW/FAIZABAD: Working under the directives of the Election Commission , the static surveillance teams of UP Police recovered Rs 4 crore unaccounted cash in the past 24 hours on Thursday evening.The biggest single haul of cash was reported from Faizabad. During the special drive of checking illegal arms, liquor and money that may be used to affect voters, the flying squad of Faizabad police recovered heavy amount of cash of Rs 82 lakh being taken in an SUV with a registration number UP35 F 0012.According to the sources in police department during primary investigation the driver told himself as associated with a liquor baron but he failed to explain the huge amount of money he was carrying and also he has got no documents regarding the cash amount. Talking to TOI, Faizabad district magistrate MP Agrawal said that the administration had handed over the matter to Income Tax department for the investigation.\"We have taken in custody the driver vehicle Ashok, but the final investigation will be done by Income Tax department confirming the money as right or wrong\", said SSP Faizabad RK Chaturvedi. In other cases, Ghaziabad police seized Rs 90 lakh in three separate incidents within the district on Thursday. Rs 10 lakh was recovered recovered from a Tata Indigo (DL 4C 8514) belonging to one Anil Kumar Dheer.He was stopped by the special squad team near Ghanta Ghar area of the city on Thursday afternoon. Another Rs 60 lakh was recovered from a Bolero (UP 16 Q 5199) from Vijay Nagar area. The person carrying the cash identified himself as Dinesh Kumar, an employee of a company dealing in menthol oil. Dinesh said the cash was being transferred to Sambhal branch of the company.The same team intercepted another Bolero (HR 26 AT 5117) and recovered Rs 20 lakh from it. The person carrying the cash identified himself as Tej Pal of Noida, a property dealer. He told police that he was on his way to Modinagar to hand over the cash to a fellow property dealer. Similarly, Rs 40 lakh was recovered from two persons in Meerut. The two were identified as Titu Lakhansi of Meerut and Pradeep Chauhan of Bagpat.In Bareilly, the squad recovered a total of Rs 23 lakh in two separate incidents. In Varanasi, another Rs 19.50 lakh were seized from an unregistered Swift and a Scorpio (UP 65 AM 6363) vehicles. The five persons occupying the vehicle were also found carrying four kilo of silver. Another Rs 8 lakh was recovered from Bulandshahr and around the same amount was seized from Gonda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11382167", "title": "Sunshine stays behind fog &amp; clouds", "text": "LUDHIANA: The sun played hide and seek with clouds on Thursday, making residents anxiously look to the sky for some bright spot. The mercury hovered at 7.9 degrees celsius, with a layer of fog engulfing city till afternoon. With no respite in sight, residents chose to stay indoors and close to heaters. Visibility also remained poor throughout the day.Shelley Saluja of Basant Avenue said fog in the morning and evening has brought the temperature down. \"During the day time we wait for the sun to come out but it has also been cheating us. We are left with with no option but to pad up with warm clothes and also use all the heating systems in our homes,\" she said.Inderpal Singh, a businessman of BRS Nagar, said he hopes the weather will get better after Lohri. Haibowal-resident Pooja Thakur, a student of Khalsa College for Women in Civil Lines, said, \"The morning was quite hazy due to fog, but around 12.30pm the sun gave a peek so we got a chance to bask outside for a while. I hope the weather improves a little in the days ahead because it is very gloomy right now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11383315", "title": "Unaccounted money recovered from man", "text": "VARANASI: Under the ongoing exercise to check transaction of black money launched after promulgation of model code of conduct for the Assembly elections, the Adampur police caught a vehicle near Bhadauchungi and recovered Rs 4 lakh from it.According to Adampur police, a car was stopped during the vehicle checking drive in which a man, identified as Rajesh Talreja, was carrying Rs 4 lakh. The currency was in the denomination of Rs 10. Talreja, a native of Mahmoorganj, failed to produce documents in support of money. The income tax officials reached Adampur police station for further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383224", "title": "Nandigram to get rail connectivity", "text": "KOLKATA: Funding may be a problem for the Indian Railways when it comes to creating infrastructure for passenger safety and recruiting staff in safety-related posts but there is no holding back where projects like the one to connect Singur with Nandigram by rail are concerned.To expedite the process of land acquisition for this project, South Eastern Railway (SER) has paid an additional Rs 2.25 crore (over and above the normal rate) to landlosers and selected 196 people for jobs in the railways. And this is only for about 50% of the land that needs to be acquired.Officials aren't even sure whether this project will be commercially viable. But then, Mamata Banerjee , when she was railways minister, had promised to connect these two locations that provided her with ammunition to take on the Left in West Bengal. She had laid the foundation stone of this new line on January 30, 2010, at a public function in Nandigram.\"Singur is already connected by rail to Howrah through the Eastern Railway network. SER has a line from Howrah to Haldia and Digha via Tamluk. There is a station called Deshpran between Tamluk and Digha. The project involves connecting Deshpran to Nandigram by rail. We really don't know whether there is a demand from people to open a direct connection from Singur to Nandigram. Even if we run train services from Howrah to Nandigram, there are doubts whether this section will be commercially viable,\" an official said.Laying of 18.5 km tracks between Deshpran and Nandigram will cost Rs 121 crore. The project will require the acquisition of 195 acres, spread across 1,037 plots. Till now only 544 plots have been acquired by SER. For these, 1,400 cheques totaling Rs 6 crore, have been distributed to landlosers. Of the 412 job applications received, SER shortlisted 196. Till date, 113 of them have already got jobs. The compensation was high and landlosers got jobs as this project was given a 'special' status.The formula used to arrive at the compensation in case of special projects is quite complex. All plots in the area that were sold in the last three years are first selected. The top 50% of these (on the basis of monetary value) are selected and the average unit rate is calculated. The compensation offered by the railways is 60% over and above this sum.That is, if it is found that the average going rate is Rs 1,00,000 per cottah, the railways will pay Rs 1,60,000. Going by this equation, the compensation due to landlosers would have been Rs 3.75 crore only had the railway link not received a special project status.According to SER, 196 of those who applied for the Group-D jobs so far were found eligible. Of them, 113 have already got their appointment letters. The remaining are completing various formalities like medical examination and verification of educational documents.Of them, 26 candidates were eligible but can't be employed at the moment as they have not yet attained 18 years of age. Their names have been registered though and they will get jobs in the next couple of years, an official said.When asked why so much effort is being made for a project that may not be commercially viable, SER chief PRO Soumitra Majumdar said: \"All this is happening as per law. When the project was announced, it was made clear that it would get special status. Moreover, this status has expedited the acquisition process.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11383116", "title": "City to feature on Harley-Davidson map from Poila Baisakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Rolls Royce of bikes is all set to cruise into Kolkata. Harley-Davidson, the iconic American brand that has a cult following the world over, has booked a Poila Baisakh entry date with a dealership near Rajarhat.Harley-Davidson currently sells 15 bikes in India with engines that range from 883 cc to 1,802 cc. The lineup includes Heritage Classic Softail, Road King, Street Glide, Night Rod Special, Ultra Classic Electra Glide, Iron 883 and Street Bob, apart from Fat Boy, which former Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger rides. The bikes are priced between Rs 5.5 lakh and Rs 35 lakh.The big-bang launch will comprise a Harley Founders' ride around the streets of Kolkata. \"Existing owners of Harley-Davidson will ride across the city to make sure everyone knows we are here. Thereafter, we will have a series of events, including rock music that is an integral part of the Harley-Davidson culture,\" said Anoop Prakash, managing director of Harley-Davidson India, the wholly owned subsidiary of Harley-Davidson Inc.The company has already appointed a dealership in Kolkata and construction of the showroom is already underway. \"Hopefully, it will be ready for launch in April. The showroom will be unique like all Harley-Davidson brand spaces are and represent the culture and lifestyle associated with the brand,\" Prakash said on the sidelines of the India Auto Expo.The motorcycle showroom, spread luxuriantly over 3,000 sqft, will be larger than many a car dealership in the city. it will also retail its equally popular merchandise and accessories. \"The service centre will be located next to the dealership, making it extremely convenient for customers,\" he said.The entry of Harley-Davidson will not only bring to the city some of the meanest and most expensive motorcycles, it also promises to herald a whole new culture that is high on adventure.\"There was a time when one of the original social networks didn't require you to log in. It required you to get on and ride that get-up-and-go thrill of hitting the road with other riders who share that same independent spirit. Harley-Davidson motorcycle owners have been gathering on and off the road for decades as members of the Harley Owners Group (HOG) because they know what riding can do to a person's soul. Kolkata has a HOG comprising around a dozen or so members and is raring to grow. The dealership will enhance that spirit of adventure in the city,\" the official said.Prakash expects a good number of Harley-Davidson customers in Kolkata to be high-net worth professional executives in the 35-45 years age group. \"The city had a tremendous biking culture in the 1950s and 60s when bike races were held at the Barrackpore airfield. Those who watched the races as kids back then are top executives now and would love to rediscover the passion by owning a Harley-Davidson bike that is a ticket to a whole new way of life,\" Prakash added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383759", "title": "Staff shortage hits lower judiciary hard", "text": "CHENNAI: With about one-fifth of the entire subordinate judicial posts lying vacant in Tamil Nadu, the lower judiciary is battling a severe shortage of hands, bar pressure, mounting arrears, poor career progress and disillusionment among the ranks. Worse, there is no end in sight, as even if the process of filling up these vacancies begins today, it will take at least one year to fill all vacancies.\"We need more than 150 judicial magistrate/district munsifs, who hold the foundation of subordinate judiciary. At least 48 out of 184 district judgecadre posts are lying vacant. Though 16 candidates were directly recruited, they have just now completed their district munsif training and it would take another six months for them to complete the sub-judge training and join the posts. About 35 vacant sub-judge posts are lying sandwiched between the judicial magistrate/ district munsifs and the district judges,\" lamented a subordinate judicial officer. A total of about 40 retirements too are expected in the next five months, he said.The last time a significant number of judicial magistrate/ district munsif cadre officials were inducted into subordinate judiciary was in 2009. \"More than 170 were appointed in 2009. It was a great relief,\" an officebearer of the Tamil Nadu Judicial Officers Association said.\"Every day's delay is affecting our colleagues' seniority. At least six of our senior sub-judges are about to retire. If they are promoted and allowed to retire as district judges, they can hope for some posts in consumer courts and other forums. But the shortage in district munsifs, which is the feeder category in our structure, is curtailing their progress. Now, most probably, they will retire with just one promotion in their entire career,\" said an association official.Since 2009 there has been a spate of communication between the higher judiciary and the state government on the power of the high court to recruit district munsifs. After several rounds of discussions and bitter exchange of views, an agreement has now been evolved, as per which the high court authorities would prepare the question papers, evaluate answer scripts and participate in the interview process as well. The Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) will confine itself only to conducting the examination, compiling marks and declaring the results.\"When all looked set for the next recruitment process, TNPSC got embroiled in corruption charges. Now, high court is hesitant to entrust TNPSC with the job of conducting the examination, because the recent vigilance raids unearthed copies of question papers, answer sheets, hall tickets and list of selected candidates even before results were declared,\" said an HC registry official.The government, on its part, issued an order on December 20 clearing decks for appointment process to begin. But in the absence of specific dates and schedule from high court, the TNPSC is unable to issue employment notification. A senior TNPSC official said the commission needs only 24 hours to finalise the notification to recruit 175 judicial magistrates/district munsifs. \"We are waiting for a word from the high court,\" he said.Confirming the matter is pending with the high court, a senior registry official said the communication was received on December 22, after which the court holidays intervened. A committee of judges would take a call on the matter after taking into account all relevant factors, he said.It seems the subordinate judiciary has to wait for months to see all its chairs occupied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386452", "title": "Tapas, Victor in lead roles", "text": "The cast and crew of Subhash Chatterjee ' s \"Kancher Prithibi\" were at a city banquet for a press conference.At the do, we spotted Tapas Paul, who plays one of the main characters in the film. He has the role of Bhagirath who enters the life of Nodi, played by debutante Jigna Chatterjee. How he changes her life forms the premise of the story.The film also stars veteran actor Victor Banerjee in the role of Bhumi. The film's music is scored by Sanchyata and the lyrics have been penned by Priyo Chattopadhyay.We also spotted Tapas's daughter Sohini at the even, dressed in a floralprint dress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11381986", "title": "Local ATV riders proved saviour for many tourists in Manali", "text": "MANALI: Dozen of local all-terrain vehicle (ATV) riders who earn their livelihood providing joy ride to tourists at snow point proved saviour for many tourists who were waiting for help after being trapped in blizzards on Manali-Rohtang highway.When local youths had news about tourist trapped and search and rescue operation carried out by administration, they too reached the spot and helped rescue many of them. Having four wheeled drive and experience to drive on rugged terrains, MTV riders crushed the snow on highway and transported victims to safe place near Kothi.\"Me, Karam Chand, Mangal Chand, Ram Krishan, Guddu and our friends heard the bad news and decided to join the operation. We really did good job,\" said Mahender Kumar, MTV rider from Palchan village. He further recited that they have been joining such operation for years and feel proud as tourists are the source of their income. \"This is the best way to show that how friendly we are with tourists.\"Saying that it is impossible to forget the pain that a family was feeling, Karam Chand said, \"Though my ATV has passenger capacity of only 2 persons, but I was carrying a four-member family. An elder person from Kolkata who was stuck to me, trying to absorb my body heat, was crying like child. We continued with operation till late night.\"According to police, operation was continued till midnight and all tourists had safely reached Manali and Kothi village till 12.30 am. Around 50 vehicles could not be freed from the snow. Manali DSP Shamsher Singh said that operation to bring down all vehicles is on and there were only 9-10 vehicles left behind and they would be brought before the night.Manali not able to predict exact weather conditionsWith no instrument installed to predict weather conditions, Manali is unable to provide accurate weather forecast to administration, police, tourists and its residents which is leading to endless natural disasters.Manali is fully dependant on forecast from Shimla which is out of reach of public due to not availability on internet or television bulletins. People are not able to understand that exactly what would happen next. Same thing happened on Wednesday afternoon when dark clouds hid the sun within some moments and tourists found them surrounded by only snows.A modern high power weather tower which is proposed to be built near Marhi with the help of GB Pant institute of Himalayan environment and development is still only limited to paper work. Though district administration has allotted a piece of land for the tower but lack of funds is delaying the project. It is sure that Manali may get to see such more incidents in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383682", "title": "Pongal: Special trains to clear rush", "text": "CHENNAI: Southern Railway will run Pongal special trains to clear the extra rush of passengers during the eve of the festival. Advance reservations for the special trains will commence on January 7.Train Number 06021 Chennai Central - Nagercoil Special will leave Chennai Central at 10.30pm on Januray 13 and arrive in Nagercoil at 2pm the next day.Train number 06022 Nagercoil - Chennai Central Superfast Special will leave Nagercoil at 12.40pm on January 17 and arrive in Chennai Central at 3.30am the next day.Train number 06023 Chennai Central - Nagercoil Superfast Special will leave Chennai Central at 10 pm on January 14 and arrive in Nagercoil at 11 am the next day.T.No.06024 Nagercoil - Chennai Central Superfast Special will leave Nagercoil at 9.40pm on January 16 and arrive in Chennai Central at 10.40am the next day.T.No.06626 Coimbatore - Chennai Central Superfast Special will leave Coimbatore at 11.45pm on January 17 and arrive in Chennai Central at 7.45am the next day.T.No.06625 Chennai Central - Coimbatore Superfast Special will leave Chennai Central at 10.30pm on January 18 and arrive in Coimbatore at 6.50 am the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382965", "title": "Orthopaedic update aims to aid arthritis patients", "text": "PATNA: Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey would inaugurate the XXII PG Orthopaedic Update on January 8 at the conference hall of the Mahavir Vaatsalya Aspatal. The Orthopaedic Update is being organized under the joint aegis of the Aspatal and the UP Arthroplasty Society-VIth course.Giving this information, organizing chairman and convener of PG Orthopaedic Update, Dr H N Sinha said here on Thursday that Indian Institute of Technology, Patna, director Anil K Bhowmick will be the chief guest on the occasion.Aspatal director and HOD and organizing secretary of the Update Dr S S Jha said that the objective behind organizing the Update was to provide proper care to arthritis patients by diagnosing arthritis in the early stages. He said that planning for long-term treatment, ultramodern, but costly medicines which are called biologics will be discussed during the conference by Dr Rajiva Gupta (Medanta Hospital, Gurgaon), Dr Dheeraj Abhyankar (Hyderabad) and Dr Udhas Ghosh (Kolkata).Dr Jha said that ultramodern techniques with regard to hip and knee joint replacements will be discussed by Dr A S Prasad, Kanpur (hip and knee joint replacement specialist), Dr Sanjiv Jain, Mumbai (computer assisted surgery specialist), Dr R A Agarwal, Gorakhpur (Ilizarov specialist) and Dr Manish Varshney, Jamshedpur. In addition to the aforesaid joint replacement surgeons, local bone and joint specialists Dr H N Sinha, Dr D K Sinha, Dr John Mukhopadhya (hip joint replacement specialist), Dr V K Sinha and Dr Amulya Kumar Singh would also deliver lecture at the conference. Dr Jha said that critical arthritic patients would also be checked up by rheumatologists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11381953", "title": "City set to exhibit works of India\u2019s most famous painter", "text": "GURGAON: Next week, Gurgaon will host the first exhibition of artist M F Hussain's paintings after his demise in June last year. The exhibition will be held at the Westin hotel, and is slated to be held on January 9. Around 30 serigraphs of Hussain's originals will be put on display at the exhibition, which will be open to general public.\"These serigraphs will be on sale for those interested,\" said one of the organizers. The serigraphs, or screen-prints, are priced between Rs 40,000 and Rs 50,000. \"Those interested in the originals can also get in touch with the organizers. We can't display Hussain's originals because of security issues, as they are rare and extremely expensive,\" she added. The exhibition will be set up along the main lobby in the hotel, and is expected to attract hundreds of art lovers from Gurgaon and nearby areas.\"We are featuring Hussain's artworks from four major series of his,\" one of the organizers said. Gaja Gamini, Ashtavinayak, Kerala and Arabic are the names of the series. The paintings have been sourced from the artist's son, Shamshad Hussain, who is also expected to attend the launch of month-long exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11383593", "title": "Reservations declared for Wardha Zill Parishad", "text": "WARDHA: The reservations for the Wardha Zilla Parishad were declared on Tuesday. It is the first election after the declaration of 50% reservation for women in the local bodies, which means 26 seats are reserved for women while 25 seats are for men out of 51.The reservations will have a big impact on the upcoming assembly and parliamentary elections as the local body elections will bring many new faces, especially women, in the politics of the district.The seats allocations for women include 7 for OBC, 12 for general, 2 for scheduled caste and 5 for scheduled tribe. While for men of general, OBC, schedule caste and tribal category, there will be 12, 7, 3 and 3 seats respectively.After the declaration of reserved seats, it is clear that the males of dominant castes, who used to lead ZP before this election, will be left with only 10-12 seats and the face of the ZP will entirely change.However, there is little scope for males from general category in the five talukas, since only one general seat has been left for them, keeping the rest reserved for different quotas. Arvi, Seloo, Deoli, Samudrapur and Hinganghat taluka has one general seat each, with 2 seats each in Karanja and Ashti. Three general candidates can fight from Wardha taluka.This election is a big test for the Congress, since it has to prove that its first win last time, which got it the first ZP president Paapu Jaiswal, was no fluke and they have the power to win the ZP again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11386204", "title": "Insider trading: US court ask for specifics of financial benefits made by Rajat Gupta", "text": "NEW YORK: A US judge has asked prosecutors to provide specific financial benefits they allege former Goldman Sachs director Rajat Gupta made by passing inside information to his friend Raj Rajaratnam amidst allegations that he also tipped him about Proctor and Gamble's 2008 sale of Folgers Coffee Co to JM Smucker.The judge's direction came after Gupta's lawyers claimed he made no profits and called the government's allegations \"mumbo jumbo\".In a pre-trial hearing in Manhattan federal court here yesterday, Judge Jed Rakoff said he would \"encourage\" the government to be \"more specific\" about the financial benefits accrued to Gupta, as alleged in the indictment filed against him in October last year.Rakoff said the prosecutors should \"spell them (any financial profits) out with reasonable specificity\" in any superseding indictment the government may bring against Gupta in the coming weeks.During the hearing that lasted for over an hour and which Gupta attended, the government said it is likely to bring slightly revised and expanded charges in a superseding indictment against Gupta by the end of January.\"A final decision has not been made, but more likely than not there will be a superseding indictment,\" Assistant US Attorney Richard Tarlowe told the judge.Prosecutors also disclosed during the hearing that apart from passing confidential information about Goldman Sachs and Proctor and Gamble to Rajaratnam, Gupta tipped the Galleon hedge fund founder about P&G;'s three billion dollar sale of Folgers Coffee Co to JM Smucker in 2008.The defence wanted to strike out from the indictment the mention of \"other company\" apart from Goldman Sachs and P&G; about which Gupta had passed on information to Rajaratnam.The prosecutor said there was one other company.\"Gupta disclosed the information about a P&G; sale of Folgers Coffee Co to J M Smucker before it was made public,\" said Tarlowe.In the indictment filed last year, the government had said Gupta \"provided inside information to Rajaratnam because of his friendship and business relationships with Rajaratnam.\"Gupta benefited and hoped to benefit from his friendship and business relationships with Rajaratnam in various ways, some of which were financial\".Calling the government's allegation in the indictment as \"mumbo jumbo\", Gupta's lawyer Gary Naftalis said his client had not made any profits through his dealings with Rajaratnam, who is currently serving 11 years in prison for running one of the biggest insider trading scams in the country.\"We would like to know what allegations there is other than the vague mumbo jumbo here (in the indictment). What's their theory\" Naftalis said.\"What were the financial benefits?... It's a simple question. Our client didn't trade, there was no profit-sharing agreement, there was no kick-back,\" he said.Gupta, dressed in a dark blue suit, remained sombre throughout the hearing, exchanging only a few words with his legal team.He politely declined to make any comments to reporters after the hearing. Naftalis too did not make any comments.Prosecutors have alleged that Rajaratnam made millions of dollars in profits and avoided massive losses through the inside information Gupta passed on to him which the Indian-American learnt in his capacity as board member of Goldman Sachs and Proctor and Gamble.The IIT and Harvard educated former McKinsey head is charged with securities fraud and conspiracy to commit securities fraud and faces a maximum prison sentence of up to 105 years if convicted on all charges.Gupta has pleaded not guilty to the charges and will go on trial on April 9.Among other crucial information Gupta allegedly passed on to Rajaratnam was the five billion dollar investment in Goldman by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathway at the height of the financial crisis in October 2008.During the hearing Naftalis also asked the prosecutors to identify any other co-conspirators in the case, to which prosecutors said Gupta was the sole source of inside information for any trading done by Rajaratnam.\"We have no evidence whatsoever that anyone other than Gupta tipped Rajaratnam,\" Assistant US Attorney Reed Brodsky said.Gupta's lawyers had also asked Rakoff to suppress the wire tap recordings from being heard by a jury, a request the judge said the defendant should \"not be too optimistic\" about being granted.Gupta's lawyers are expected to base their arguments at the trial on the fact that Gupta himself did not trade in any securities, did not tip Rajaratnam so he could trade, and did not share in any profits as part of any quid pro quo.Prosecutors will also have to prove that Gupta provided inside information about Goldman Sachs to Rajaratnam expecting him to trade on it and received a benefit in return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383548", "title": "Adarsh had CRZ nod, claims Tiwari", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramanand Tiwari, suspended state information commissioner and former principal secretary in the state urban development department (UDD), on Thursday claimed that the state had granted CRZ clearance to Adarsh land.Tiwari's claims are at variance with the stand of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and the state government that the society did not have a CRZ clearance. \"Till April 2003, the MoEF had delegated powers to the state government for undertaking development in a CRZ II area (the zone under which Adarsh land was located),\" Tiwari said. \"The permission was already granted when the state government had limited powers,\" said Tiwari. Advocates Dipan Merchant and Bharat Jhaveri quizzed Tiwari about why the state government put a condition asking Adarsh to obtain CRZ clearance, in the letter of allotment in April 2004. \"This was a standard condition and I had no occasion to inform the society that they did not need to obtain CRZ clearance as they had already got the clearance by the UDD,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "11384017", "title": "Naxal nod for mining in Gadchiroli?", "text": "GADCHIROLI: Amid talks of an 'understanding' between the Naxals and industrialists, iron ore mining is set to start in Gadchiroli district. Threats from the Reds have left this district on the eastern extreme of Maharashtra starved any investments and development.Locals and government officials now say that the situation is undergoing a quiet change.What's lending credence to the rumours is that apart from iron ore, a whole chain of development work, which includes several industries themselves seeking land in Gadchiroli, is also set to roll.Lloyds Steel , which has been allotted a block at Surjagarh Hills situated in heart of Red zone, is planning to start operations within a few months and is in talks to rope in an ally for carrying out mining on contract basis. The company, along with other players from the iron and steel sector, has also approached the state for land to be allotted.The Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation (MIDC) on the other hand has proactively begun the process for acquiring land to set up a 200-hectare industrial estate in Aashti, a town much closer to the red zone. This, even as an 80-hectare MIDC estate in the safer haven of Gadchiroli town remains just a vast expanse of open ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11382204", "title": "US will have smaller and leaner force: Panetta", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US will have smaller and leaner armed forces, the Pentagon said today, noting that this will mean more risks; which are worth taking given the financial constraints that the country is facing right now.Due to deep economic crisis that has engulfed the nation for the past few years; the Pentagon has been asked to massively cut its budget running into several hundred billion dollars; which has forced the Department of Defence to come out with a new strategic review document that would shape its defence policy for the years to come.\"The US joint force will be smaller, and it will be leaner. But its great strength will be that it will be more agile, more flexible, ready to deploy quickly, innovative and technologically advanced. That is the force for the future,\" Defence Secretary Leon Panetta told reporters.General Martin Dempsey , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said that smaller forces, the details of which would be announced later, means increase in risks.\"We do accept some risks in this strategy as all strategies must. Because we will be somewhat smaller, these risks will be measured in time and in capacity. However, we should be honest. We could face even greater risks if we did not change from our current approach,\" he said.\"We are going to have a smaller and leaner force. What those numbers are will be part of the budget that will be presented by the President. And at that time, obviously, we'll reveal what those final decisions are as to the exact size,\" Panetta said in response to a question.\"But there's no question that, look, under any circumstances, we were looking at a drawdown as a result of the end of the war and, hopefully, what -- the end of the transition in Afghanistan .\"But budget constraints require that, in addition to that, we have to develop a smaller and leaner force, but one that has to be more agile, flexible, innovative and creative,\" he said.But Panetta said the reduction in the force structure would be compensated by developing technologies and increasing investments in special operations forces.\"As we reduce the overall defence budget, we will protect, and in some cases increase, our investments in special operations forces, in new technologies like ISR and unmanned systems, in space and, in particular, in cyberspace capabilities, and also our capacity to quickly mobilise if necessary,\" he said.\"These investments will help the military retain and continue to refine and institutionalise the expertise and capabilities that have been gained at such great cost over the last decade,\" Panetta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "tura", "code": "11382040", "title": "Horti-hub inaugurated in Meghalaya", "text": "TURA: Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma on Thursday inaugurated a horti-hub at Zikzak in West Garo Hills district.The hub which started as a seed-farm in the 1950s, will function as a demonstration-cum-training centre for farmers on new crop technology and cultivation, commercialization and management of crops.Laid over seven hectares of area, the hub had been lying unutilised for decades before it got sanctioned in 2008.At present, there are nine poly-houses, out of which two are being used for orchid plantation and the rest are being used as nursery for quality areca nut seedlings in the district.Dedicating the hub to the people of the area, the CM expressed hope that it would help local farmers replicate the new trend of farming and help them uplift their livelihood. Since this area is situated on the banks of river Rongkai, Sangma said it is very suitable for orchid plantation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11380654", "title": "1 killed, 5 injured as trailer hits car, bike", "text": "PUNE: A privately-owned trailer, carrying Army equipment, crushed a young motorcyclist and injured five others near Navale lawns on the Katraj-Dehu bypass on Thursday evening.The victim, Sagar Shilimkar, 22, is a resident of Borawale in Velah taluka, said police inspector of Haveli police station S P Patil.Patil said, \"The trailer first dashed a car, then hit a truck and finally ran over a two-wheeler. The five injured have been admitted to different hospitals in the city. Shilimkar's body has been sent to Sassoon general hospital for postmortem. \"The registration number of the trailer is RJ06GB4845.Patil said the work on the road is on and there were no reflectors which could be one of the reasons for the accident. The driver of the trailer ran is missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11380805", "title": "Bidve family to visit murder spot today", "text": "PUNE: The family members of Anuj Bidve, who was shot dead in Manchester on December 26, will visit the spot of incident on Friday.Anuj's father, Subhash, mother Yogini and brother-in-law Rakesh Sonawane are currently in the UK to get his body back.A media communication sent via e-mail by Sonawane said the family members on Thursday met Keith Vaz, member of British Parliament and later travelled to Lancaster University where Anuj had enrolled for MS in Microelectronics course in October last year. Anuj, 23, had come to Manchester with his friends during the Christmas holiday, when he was attacked.The family members visited the University and also met Anuj's friends, some of whom were with Anuj when he was attacked.The family arrived in London on Wednesday. The second postmortem was already conducted and his body was handed over to the Indian High Commission.The family is expected to reach Pune by Saturday and perform the last rites here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11380784", "title": "AIIMS creates 230 new posts to meet crunch", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union health ministry on Thursday sanctioned the creation of 230 new faculty positions in the All India Institute of Medical Sciences to tide over acute faculty crunch.The new posts include 144 assistant professors, five professors, an additional professor, 10 lecturers in nursing and 70 technical personnel. A ministry official said \"We have sent the order to the administration of AIIMS. The posts will be filled up soon. It will improve patient service and teaching and take the load off the present faculty.\"A recent study by AIIMS' department of hospital administration had said most of the departments in the premier hospital are grossly understaffed. Though 629 faculty positions are authorized at AIIMS, only 434 are filled - a deficiency of more than 30%.The ministry has put out advertisements to recruit 120 assistant professors to fill the previous vacancies.\"Screening is on to fill the previous vacant posts. Interviews will be held shortly. Besides, we have created 230 new posts,\" said the ministry official. The lack of enough faculty members is hampering research, which AIIMS was earlier known for.Faculty members told TOI that one of the main reasons for doctors finding no time for research is due to tremendous patient load.\"Nearly 10,000 patients a day attend OPDs alone. Three-fourths of the faculty members interviewed felt that their department was understaffed. About 90% of the faculty disagreed that AIIMS has adequate strength. This is why male faculty members spent an average of 38.6% extra time over and above their official working hours for the purpose of teaching, research, patient care and institute-related activities. Female faculty members spent an average of 14.1% extra time,\" the internal study had said.The lack of faculty was also increasing waiting time for patients requiring an intervention. It could take as long as two years to get a date for a simple MRI scan,While a CAT scan has a waiting period of over four months. For patients requiring a total hip replacement or a total knee replacement, the waiting period is five months and six months, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11383034", "title": "Temple authorities barred from collecting parking fee", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court has barred temple authorities from collecting parking fees from devotees' vehicles in and around Madurai City Municipal Corporation area.The bench comprising Justice K N Basha and Justice M Venugopal gave the ruling while disposing a petition filed by S Selvakumar of Dindigul. The petitioner sought for a direction to the corporation commissioner to restrain the collection of parking fee by unauthorised persons, strangers, including the authorities of Meenakshi Sundareshwarar temple from the devotees, who come on pilgrimage in their vehicles.The petitioner contended that he along with his family members visited Madurai in a contract bus and went to Kallalagar Temple at Alagarkoil. They paid Rs 200 towards parking fee. Thereafter, they went to Thirupparankudnarm where also they paid Rs 100. After having darshan, they came to the Meenakshi temple.After parking their vehicle, a person claiming to be the licensee for collecting parking fee demanded Rs 50, for which the group paid for. When they were about to move to the temple, another person came and instructed them that the vehicle should not parked in a nearby place and asked them to shift to a different place. Immediately, another person came there and demanded parking fee. When questioned, the person replied that the fee demanded by him is meant for the developmental work of the temple, he contended.It was further submitted that people like the petitioner and his family, coming on pilgrimage are being compelled to pay parking fees both by private licensee, as well as the temple authorities, thereby causing irreparable loss for the devotees.When the matter came up before the bench, the counsel for the corporation, G R Swaminathan said that only a licence holder has been authorised to collect parking fee and not the temple authorities of the temple.He contended that as per the Madurai Municipal Corporation Act, no person should open a new car stand without obtaining a licence from the corporation. The temple authorities have not been issued with any licence till date to collect parking fee from any one of the areas in the city corporation limits.Passing an order on the petition, the bench rejected a contention made by the counsel for the temple that they need not obtain any licence in respect of their private land. The bench observed, \"As per the act, a private person has to obtain licence from the corporation. As admitted by the temple, they have not obtained any licence to do so from the commissioner of city corporation.\"Holding that the licence-holder from the corporation alone is entitled to collect parking fees, the bench rejected another claim of the temple under the category of government by placing reliance on the exemption granted under the act. They also pointed out that the temple is a separate entity managed by trustees and it cannot claim any exemption by taking shelter under the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11383181", "title": "BSP turncoats stripped of their security cover", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least half-a-dozen political leaders, who had either left the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) themselves or had been shown the door by the party, were striped of the security paraphernalia they enjoyed while in the government on Thursday.Some of these leaders, who were enjoying Z, Y and X- grade security which comprised escort cars, watchers, shadows and spotters to move along with the individual apart from armed pickets at their respective residences and offices.After security review, these leaders will now be accompanied by a single, or at the most, two armed guards. Prominent among those whose security has been revised include Rajya Sabha MP from Bahujan Samaj Party Naresh Agarwal, who enjoyed a Z category security cover, and has now joined SP along with his son.Similarly, the Y category security of sacked secondary education minister Rangnath Misra has been trimmed to X category. Others including Badshah Singh, Anees Ahmed and Shahzil Islam who had two or more armed guards around them, will now have to depend on their personal arrangements.With the leaders in question understandably angered by the government move, the issue may snowball into a major controversy as they were now planning to not only take up the issue with the Election Commission but raise it from their respective political platforms. \"It is a serious affair. How can the government do this particularly when the elections have been already notified. This was a special review, we are told. We will not take it lying down,\" Naresh Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383807", "title": "Principal's educational meet begins today", "text": "NAGPUR: Senior educational adviser of Lucknow's City Montessori School Sunita Gandhi will inaugurate Principal's Educational Conference (PEC) on Friday. Her school has a distinction of having their name in Guinness Book of World Records for highest pupil strength of 45,000 and 5,000 staff members. The two-day conference will commence at Vanamati complex on VIP Road in the city.The event would be conducted by South Point School in collaboration with Nobel Sun Beam publishers, Sunflower publishers, Classedge by TATA Interactive system and Royal Gondwana Public School.Interacting with media, South Point principal Rasika Dasture said, \"In contemporary age, there is immense need for the schools to encourage individual's creativity rather than imposing tradition-bound thinking on children. Therefore, the theme of conference is 'Sing your own song- A thought beyond curriculum'.\"The formal inauguration will be followed by Gandhi's talk on 'learning for empowerment of every child- a broader and bolder education for 21st century'.Principals of various institutions will be presenting papers during the meet. Topics for presentation include creative answer versus correct answer, vacuum in the family: an antithesis of creativity, drawing a channel to creativity and more. Eminent psychologist Rita Agrawal will be conducting a session on 'unique mind-uniform teaching'.Chairman of Desh Gaurav Social and Educational Society Dinanath Dasture and managing director of Nobel publishers Rajesh Ghai will be the guests of honour for the inaugural function. Principals from Gujarat , Punjab, Mumbai, Raipur and another 20 schools from Nagpur are participating in the endeavour, Dasture informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382415", "title": "Tiny twinkle in tinseltown", "text": "MUMBAI: When Master Alankar says \"Main phenke huye paise nahin uthata\" or Master Mayur talks of revenge, they sound like anything but kids. Children did have their time in the spotlight in the 50s and 60s (Boot Polish, Hum Pancchi Ek Daal Ke, Bhabhi and the like) but they hardly sounded their age. In the 70s, they played the hero in his childhood, mouthing revengeful dialogues. A fresh change came in the 80s with Masoom. But children have rarely been essential to mainstream Bollywood narrative, till Taare Zameen Par (2008).Director Vishal Bhardwaj admits he loved dialogues like the one made famous by Master Alankar in Deewar, adding however that \"those could hardly be a child's emotions.'' Vishal, who has made children's films like Makdee and Blue Umbrella, feels mainstream cinema has been very insensitive towards children. \"All we do is make a child wear a pagdi like a sardar and make other children laugh at him,\" he says. \"Even if there is a child in the film, the focus is on romance. Kids are natural actors, we need to write proper roles for them.\"While Shekhar Kapur has maintained he didn't make Masoom for kids, Jugal Hansraj, who played the central child character in the film says, \"Nobody really wrote dialogues for a child, but Masoom reflected a child's emotions.\" Agrees Sachin Pilgaonkar, once a child actor and now a film personality of many hats. \"Earlier, films involving children were made for elders to watch. The character of the child was not necessarily the strongest one.\" But Master Mayur argues, \"Tell me one dialogue in Muqaddar Ka Sikandar that sounded 'grown-up'. People say they love my dialogues like 'Aap rona mat memsahib, main aapko bilkul aisi gudia laa doonga (Don't cry memsahib, I'll get you a similar doll).\"Though the last decade also had films like Cheeni Kum in which the child character asks Amitabh Bachchan for adult DVDs, analysts say that is not surprising now considering children have matured in real life. Daisy Irani, Bollywood's numero uno child artiste, says, \"The innocence isn't there in real life, so if filmmakers try to show that it will look unreal. Today's kids are more mature and speak a different language. A kid today very innocently sings 'Pappu can't dance saala', but in my days 'saala' was considered an abusive word.The issue, writer Sanjay Chauhan says, is \"in the West, children's films are big revenue-earners and aimed at the family audience. In India, it is a neglected genre.\" But Sachin says, \"In the last few years there have not only been films for a child-audience but also movies with kids to highlight larger issues - like Chillar Party or Taare Zameen Par.\"In fact, Chillar Party, about school kids who become friends with a car wash boy, and I Am Kalam, on a dhaba boy who aspires to be like the former President, show Bollywood is waking up. As Sachin says, \"Audiences across time have always connected with child actors because kids convey emotions so purely.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11382862", "title": "Trains running late by 8 to 12 hrs", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Most of the trains arriving at the Allahabad railway junction were delayed by several hours causing discomfort to passengers. The trains were running late by about eight to twelve hours due to foggy conditions which paralyzed the movement of trains in the New Delhi-Howrah railway route.Train number 14083 Mahananda Express whose arrival time is about 6:00 am was running late by about twelve hours. Even the prestigious train of Allahabad Prayag Raj Express arrived at about 2:05 pm getting delayed by about seven hours.Train number 14164 Sangam Express was also delayed by about 6 hours and 30 minutes as it arrived at Allahabad junction at about 3:30 pm. Train number 14056 Brahmaputra Mail was running late by about 8 hours.In addition to this, train number 12428 New Delhi-Rewa Express was running late by about 7 hours while train number 14512 Nauchandi Express was running late by about 7 hours.Train number 12987 Ajmer Sealdah was running late by about 4 hours while train number 14209 Vindhyachal-Lucknow was running late by about 2 hours and 30 minutes. Train number 12308 Jodhpur-Howrah Express was running late by about 2 hours and 30 minutes while train number 12324 New Delhi-Howrah Express was also delayed by about 2 hours and 30 minutes.Train number 12312 Kalka Mail was also running late by about 4 hours while train number 14084 Mahananda Express coming from New Delhi direction was running late by about 4 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383491", "title": "Two arrested for tendering forged documents", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons from Buldhana district who submitted bogus documents as sureties for two of the four foreign nationals to secure bail in the 2010 diamond heist case were arrested by the crime branch on Thursday.When two constables from the crime branch went to Buldhana to make inquiries they learnt that the surety documents submitted to the court were bogus. \"Surendra Namdev Ingle and Shaikh Zakir Shaikh Gafoor in Buldhana have been arrested and a case registered against them,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11383827", "title": "Chavan to steer Congress campaign", "text": "PUNE: Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan will spearhead the campaign for the Congress in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad for the February 16 civic polls.This makes the possibility of an alliance between the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) uncertain as Chavan's deputy Ajit Pawar has already said that his party will not have an alliance with the Congress in the city and Pimpri-Chinchwad.After rounds of discussions for three days with city Congress leaders in Mumbai, Chavan asked its leaders to draft a campaign plan and a strategy to take on the NCP. \"The CM will camp in Pune to start the campaign and then will lead the party in the elections. The meeting with CM and Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre concluded late on Wednesday,\" a senior Congress leader who was present at the meeting said.\"All leaders from Pune opposed any alliance with the NCP. The Congress should maintain its independent status in Pune and its main opposition is the NCP and not the BJPSena. We had told MPCC leaders that there should be no alliance with the NCP,\" said another Congress leader.The Congress' meeting also discussed how to nullify Pawar's campaign against the Congress targeting member of Parliament Suresh Kalmadi.\"The Congress is working on a strategy to counter attack Pawar's campaign against Kalmadi. We are not going to succumb to his pressure tactics. If the NCP brings Sharad Pawar for campaigning in the last phase, we plan to rope in national Congress leaders and union ministers from Maharashtra,\" the MPCC leader from Pune said.In the absence of the 66-year-old MP, who has been in Tihar jail since April in connection with the multicrore Commonwealth Games scam, the MPCC has appointed a coordination panel to face the polls. \"Even if Kalmadi is released on bail, the party will not immediately withdraw his suspension. Hence, the city Congress will have to face elections without Kalmadi\" said Congress leader.CONGRESS EYES AMBEDKAR'S GRANDSONThe Congress, which is looking for a Dalit mascot to keep its votebank, may rope in Anandraj, grandson of Babasaheb Ambedkar, for campaigning. \"Before the NCP can tap him, we will seek him out,\" a senior MPCC leader from Pune said. Anandraj, founder of Republican Sena, recently led an agitation demanding 12 acres of land at the Indu Mill site in Mumbai, owned by the Union government, for a memorial of Ambedkar.Shiv Sena and the Republican Party of India (RPI) faction led by Ramdas Athavale have a poll pact for the election. Both parties have decided on a common front against the Congress-led government in the state. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has an alliance with the Sena which succeeded in weaning the RPI away from the Congress and the NCP. Athavale has been their ally but after his defeat in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, the Dalit leader, who has a following among the youth, has been out in the cold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11383616", "title": "Three held for firing on ex-sarpanch", "text": "GONDIA: Three persons closely associated with sarpanch of village Pindkepar were arrested for their alleged involvement in firing at former sarpanch Rajendrasingh Rathore on Monday.After the incident, Goregaon police had registered offences against two persons, including sarpanch Madhukar Patle, who is absconding.Goregaon PI Tonpe said that since the former sarpanch had levelled charges of corruption against Patle, he was the first suspect, but he is absconding.Following this, junior engineer of panchayat samiti Gaurishankar Baghele (36), Patle's driver Devdas Pandhare (25) and student Krushnakumar Bisen (22) of Pindkepar were arrested and further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382976", "title": "PhD scholar ends life", "text": "HYDERABAD: A PhD scholar at University of Hyderabad Thursday committed suicide by consuming poison. Police said that failure in love might be the reason behind the scholar taking the extreme step.The Chandanagar police said 29-year-old Naresh Kumar Reddy, who is pursuing a doctorate in animal science, was found lying on the ground in front of New Research Scholars' hostel on the university campus in the wee hours of Thursday. Campus authorities shifted him to Apollo hospital where Naresh succumbed to his injuries.During the investigation, police found a suicide note, purportedly written by Naresh, wherein he mentions that \"no one is responsible\" for his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11384139", "title": "12 diamond merchants freed by China to arrive home today", "text": "SURAT: Twelve out of the thirteen diamond merchants released by China in the $7.3 million worth of diamond smuggling case will arrive in Mumbai on Friday, ending the two-year long wait for their family members and relatives.Family members of the diamond merchants--released by a Chinese court in the $7.3 million diamond smuggling case on December 7-- have been eagerly waiting for their return since that fateful day of January 8, 2010 when the Shenzhen customs had detained them along with nine other diamond merchants on charges of smuggling diamonds.Unfortunately, one out of the 13 diamond merchants will have to spend another two-and-a-half-months in jail due to some legal tangle.Industry sources said the diamond merchants freed by China will arrive at Mumbai airport along with their family members and relatives in the wee hours of Friday.Dinesh Navadia, president, Surat Diamond Association (SDA), told TOI \"We are happy the diamond merchants are arriving home. Now, we pray for the early release of the other 10 diamond merchants held in China.\"Navadia said the diamond merchants released by the Chinese court were expected to arrive on December 30.But due to administrative lapses the deportation of the diamond merchants got delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11383633", "title": "Gorge filling work of Bawanthadi irrigation proj to resume today", "text": "BHANDARA: The gorge filling work of Bawanthadi interstate irrigation project will resume from Friday under the protection of police force, according to sources. Police have said that they will strictly deal with those who try to take law in their hand at the dam site during work.A joint meeting of collectors and superintendent of police of Nagpur and Bhandara district, irrigation officials of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh, special IG of police, rehabilitation officials was conveyed by divisional commissioner, Nagpur on Wednesday in Nagpur. It was in this meeting that the decision to resume the gorge filling work was taken.Police force from Bhandara, Nagpur and Wardha will be deployed at the dam site and full security will be provided to the implementing agency.The gorge filling requires 4.72 lakh cubic meters of soil from Pusada (Nagpur) and Susurdoha (Bhandara), as the main dam height is 31 meters and gorge to be filled is of 60 meters length.Last year when the work was undertaken, a group of project affected persons (PAPs) held demonstrations, burned vehicles of contractors, and even tried to assault the labourers. This had resulted in the MP irrigation authorities abandoning the work.Utmost care has been taken of the PAPs of the project. A package of Rs17 crore has been sanctioned and is being disbursed to PAPs. Bhandara district administration is organizing camp for disbursement of package amount to PAPs from January 7 in the affected villages.Divisional commissioner has asked the officials to implement schemes of tribal development as most of the PAPs are from the tribal belt. Superintendent of police, Bhandara Dr Aratisingh said, \"I have already held meetings with the PAPs. They have assured me that they will cooperate with the government machinery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11381216", "title": "Make chess mandatory for all students: schools", "text": "HUBLI: Teachers and headmasters of many city schools have asked the state government to introduce chess in their schools, following the Gujarat and Tamil Nadu government's initiative. Many teachers assert, \"Chess is a powerful game which could help children improve their memory and level of concentration enormously.\"Vinod Patil, headmaster, V S Pilley English Medium School, Hubli, said, \"Chess should be made compulsory in all schools since it plays a very vital role in a child's personality development. It will also help students de-stress themselves from the regular dose of tension, exams and studies. If chess is made compulsory, then they will participate and improve their concentration power. It's like yoga.\"Rekha Tuppad, headmistress, Priyadarshini Primary School, Hubli, said, \"Chess is a mind-twisting game which will help students improve their thinking and reasoning ability. It will also aid many students to take right decisions promptly, and moreover, will boost their self confidence. So chess should be introduced in all schools.\"M S Patil, teacher/headmaster of Rotary Kannada Medium School, Hubli, said many schools are conducting annual sports meet to encourage students to participate in sports, but there seems to be no scope for indoor games.The level of patience is declining among students today, said Nayana P C, headmistress, Sanskar English Medium School, Hubli. \"A game such as chess will help children be more patient. It will help them accept both victory and defeat with equal zeal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383290", "title": "Goons gun down man in Titagarh", "text": "KOLKATA: A businessman was shot dead in front of a meat shop on JC Road near Titagarh in North 24-Parganas on Thursday.In broad day light a 34-year-old businessman was shot dead in front of a meat shop at JC Road near Titagarh in North 24 Parganas on Thursday morning while 34-year-old man was returning home after buying chickens. Police are looking for the culprits. No one has been arrested in this connection yet.Around 9.30am, Atiyar Rahaman alias Khokan, a construction planner who was also associated with promoting business, was on his way back home when the incident occurred.Soon after Rahaman came out from the shop, three miscreants came on a motorbike and allegedly fired two rounds at him from a point blank range and fled the spot. Reportedly, the bullets struck Rahaman in his chest and shoulder and he slumped to the ground. On hearing the gun shots locals rushed to the spot and took him to Barrackpore BN Bose Hospital where he was declared dead on arrival.A police team led by Jyotirmoy Roy, SDPO Belghoria came to the spot for investigation. The sniffer dogs were also used in search for clues.\"The exact motive behind the murder could not be ascertained. Investigation is on. After a preliminary investigation, we suspect that an old rivalry could have led the crime. The raids are being conducted to nab the criminals,\" a senior police official said.Victim's family, however, alleged that the murder was pre-planned. The victim's family members however alleged that it was a preplanned murder.\"We suspect some persons who had earlier threatened my uncle with dire consequences were involved in his murder. Weknow them and later would later disclose their names to the police,\" said Sekh Rahaman, Rahaman's nephew.Panic gripped the local residents following the daylight murder of the Rahaman. Locals also launched an agitation in front of the police men to protest against the murder alleging inaction of the police to stop the crimes in the area. They also demanded immediate arrest of the culprits.\"Several crimes including murder have taken place at Titagarh area in past few months. This time the goons killed a businessman in front of a shop in broad day light. The area should be monitored regularly since it has become a hub of criminal activities, but police hardly take action against the criminals,\" said Ramratan Prasad, a local shop owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11383081", "title": "Frame rules for effective management of mental health centres: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The statutory authority set up on the basis of the Mental Health Act has turned out to be a white elephant, the Kerala high court observed on Thursday. The court was considering a petition seeking the court's intervention to prevent ill-treatment of mentally-challenged patients, in the backdrop of the incident at Avanoor in Thrissur.A total of 41 mentally-challenged patients had been rescued by the district medical authorities at Avanoor. The patients, including a few from Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, were found chained to windows in rooms that had no roof.The court directed the state government to frame rules for effective management of mental health institutions and submit information on the total number of persons who are managing mental health centres in Kerala. Their educational qualification and eligibility criteria too should be informed, the court said.The court also asked the government to identify mental health officers, including reputed psychiatrists and other personnel well-versed in managing mentally-challenged patients, to frame a plan to better the conditions of patients.Further, the court prohibited the Mental Health Authority from closing down any mental health centre. If the closing down cannot be avoided, the authorities will have to ensure the welfare of patients, the court said.\"The process of vetting mental health centres, which has already begun, shouldn't be aborted in view of the court order as closing down of the centres would result in law being used adversely,\" the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11383955", "title": "US students on trip to Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: A group of students from Illinois University of US is on a visit to the state to learn about the culture and languages of the state. The students will be in Jharkhand till January 10 and will be taken on a trip to various tourist spots by the Jharkhand Tourism Development Corporation (JTDC).\"These students are here to learn about the culture and festivals of Jharkhand and we are providing our bus service to them. They have already visited the war memorial, rock garden and Ramkrishna Mission and are planning to visit some waterfalls and nearby villages,\" said R K Choudhary, conveyer of Jharkhand on Wheels, a joint venture of Jharkhand Tourism Development Corporation (JSTC) and Wheels Travels.The students are pursuing their course on \"Globalisation in Language and Culture of India,\" in Ellenoy University. Faculty member Mithilesh Mishra, who was leading the group, said, \"This is the third year I have taken my students on a trip to Ranchi. I want to show them different faces of India. I have taken them to Delhi to show them a modern city, came to Ranchi to show a developing city and will take them to villages also.\"The students enjoyed the trip and found Ranchi better than Delhi. \"There was a transition from a loud city to a peaceful one when I came from Delhi to Ranchi. The parks of the city are very clean and I can see an agricultural touch here with cows and goats everywhere\" said Ginny, a student.The students also learnt about the famous personalities of Jharkhand during the trip. \"I enjoyed the places I have been till now. I also got to know about Sidhu-Kanhu and Birsa Munda. I was told that Birsa Munda is like Gandhi for Jharkhand as he played a very important role in the freedom struggle,\" said Brandon, one of the team members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11383097", "title": "Houseboat catches fire", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: A double-decker houseboat caught fire in the Punnamada lake on Thursday evening. The lake is famous for the Nehru Trophy Boat Race.Alappuzha Fire and Rescue Services team assistant station officer V Shaji said the estimated loss caused by the fire was Rs 5 lakh. The incident took place at 3.30 pm and there were two staff in the boat at that time. \"When they saw the flames, they jumped out of the boat .The owner of the boat Lakeshore Palace is N G Biju, a native of Chingavanam,\" he said.\"One of the bedrooms and the kitchen were completely razed and the fire was brought under control around 4.30 pm. Fire brigades from Alappuzha and Cherthala worked for half an hour to douse the fire. We believe that the fire was caused by short-circuit,'' said Alappuzha Fire and Rescue Services station's leading fireman Jayakumar R.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11384132", "title": "RSJ founder Saigal drowns off Bogmalo", "text": "VASCO: Music magazine Rock Street Journal (RSJ) founder and editor Amit Saigal, 47, drowned off Bogmalo beach while swimming on Thursday.Police said Saigal and three other friends, including an Australian, were swimming near their anchored sail boat off Bogmalo beach. They had left from Panaji and were due to sail up to Palolem. They anchored about 400 metres off Bogmalo and one of the group went to shore. Saigal then jumped into the water for a swim and after a while one of his friends saw him floating in the water and rushed towards him.A lifeguard on shore watching through binoculars and seeing persons in trouble rushed in a jet ski and brought Saigal to shore. As Saigal failed to respond to first aid he was rushed to a local hospital where he was declared \"brought dead\". A source said Saigal appeared to be suffering from some respiratory problem. Police said they will have to await the postmortem report to know the cause of death. Saigal is widely credited by several now-legendary bands for giving them a leg-up, through RSJ published from New Delhi.Saigal founded the magazine in 1993 after he realized there was no support system for independent musicians in India. Saigal also started some of India's most well-known music festivals, such as Great Indian Rock, Pubrockfest and JazzUtsav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388120", "title": "I never cheat on my gym routine: Sonu Sood", "text": "He's been one of the fittest stars around and looked just as good as Salman Khan , when he played the wily Chedi Singh in Dabangg.And Sonu Sood's sculpted body does not come without effort. The star says, \"I never ever cheat on my gym routine or on my diet. I avoid oily stuff, try and eat healthy low fat stuff even when I am on outdoor shoots and exercise every single day!\"However, ask the actor what if he's on any outdoor location and the star says, \"Then I just go for long walks! There are times when we shoot outdoors where there is no facility of a gym. So either in the morning before the shooting or after we wind up, I run or go for a long walks. Exercising is something that I cannot do without today.\" And what's the one thing in his diet that he avoids? \"Rice,\" says the actor, adding, \"I must have eaten rice maybe just twice or thrice a year!\"Speaking about the year gone by, the actor who has had four releases in the South in 2011 and Sonu says, \"all the films - two Telugu, one Tamil, and one Kannada - have all done well. So it's been a busy 2011 for me!\" So, ask him on his film Lucky Unlucky, where he debuts as a producer and he says, \"Yeah that goes on the floors in March and though I will feel the pressure, I am also every excited about the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386121", "title": "Madhura Naik quits Pyar Ki Yeh Ek Kahani", "text": "Madhura Naik, who got a lot of attention for her role in the vampire serial - Pyar Ki Yeh Ek Kahani, had her track changed in the show from playing a high profile spoilt girl to being a vampire as the show producers did not want to let go off her.But in the recent events in the show, Madhura felt that she wasn't really contributing much to it and thus decided to resign from the show. When asked, she mentioned, \"\"Ekta is my mentor and she is the one because of whom I got into TV, but every character has its life and I realised that now the time was right that my character from this show should go as I had given all that I could and I wouldn't be able to do justice to it any further. Also my new show was going to start and I did not want to over exert myself by doing two shows at the same time. The producers understood my decision and we all have parted on a peaceful note, to work on better projects in the future.\"\"Well its glad to know that Madhura will still be seen on TV and also that she doesn't forget people who have mentored her unlike some actors who leave shows on a bad note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383636", "title": "Gang dupes 88-yr-old man, jeweller of gold", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-member carborne gang conned an 88-yearold man and a jeweller of a total of 32 grams of gold jewellery in Aminjikarai on Wednesday evening. Based on separate complaints, police registered a case and launched a hunt for the trio who took away six rings weighing 26 grams from jeweller Munnal Chand (60) and a six-gram ring from Dhanapal (88).Police said Dhanapal was walking near his house on Parthasarathy Street when the three men got down from their car and approached him. They introduced themselves as distant relatives and enquired about Dhanapal's health and his family. When the old man appeared surprised and tried to recollect where he had seen them before, one of the three opened a bag and showed Dhanapal a marriage invitation. He said they had just handed over the invitation to Dhanapal's family and were returning when they saw him and stopped to pay their respects.Police said Dhanpal was convinced by their sweet talk and in turn enquired about them. Another gang member then invited Dhanapal to accompany them to a jewellery shop to make purchases for the bride. Dhanapal accepted and got into the car and all of them went to a jewellery shop near the Aminjikarai market.While two men took Dhanapal into the shop, the third stayed back in the car. In the jewellery shop, the employees showed many varieties of gold rings which the two gang members showed to Dhanapal. He was impressed by their deference, Dhanapal later told police. Meanwhile, one of the men asked Dhanapal for his gold ring so that he could buy a similar one. Dhanapal promptly gave the ring to the men who showed them to the employees and asked to see similar rings.The employees showed them 10 models. The conmen collected six and with Dhanapal's ring went to the shop owner, Munnal Chand, and said they would return after showing the rings to their ailing mother who was in the car. Chand agreed as their \"father\" remained in the jewellery shop. That was the last Munnal Chand and Dhanapal saw of the three men.\"We are trying to get a fix on the accused with the help of the CCTV footage recorded in the jewellery shop,\" a police officer later said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382302", "title": "State panel finds woman unfit for kidney donation", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Can the court overrule medical opinion?\" asked the Bombay HC on Thursday after it was informed by the State Authorization Committee that a woman is unfit to donate her kidney to her brother.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi was hearing a petition by a brother-sister duo from a tribal area of Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh. Sonia Vayklip (33) wants to donate her kidney to her brother Deepak (29), whose kidneys have failed. Her advocate R A Shaikh said Lilavati Hospital rejected her as a donor, saying her intelligence quotient is below average and the court must be appointed to decide for her. The court had then directed an authorized committee to decide under the Transplant of Human Organs Act.The committee, in its report, said it cannot give its no-objection certificate as on interviewing Sonia, she was found to be \"mentally retarded'' and also \"medically unfit'' as she has stones in her right kidney. Additional government pleader G W Mattos said the petitioners had not taken an NOC from the State Authoritization Committee of Chhattisgarh as mandated by a 2005 Supreme Court judgment that such permission of concerned state committee is necessary. \"The donor is not in a position to donate her kidney,'' said Mattos. Justice Shah asked, \"How can we (court) overrule medical opinion?''Shaikh pointed that said it would only be applicable for those who are not near relatives. He said a doctor had opined that if there is no open surgery, then a kidney is fit for transplant. Mattos said the opinion of a private doctor would not be binding on the State Authorization Committee. Justice Dalvi, however, asked whether the donor could donate the healthy kidney. Mattos riposted, \"To save one life, another life cannot be put in jeopardy.'' He added it would also depend whether the recipient would benefit from such transplant.To a query from the court, whether alternatively there could be a donor from Mumbai, Mattos replied that the process would have to be followed all over again. \"They will have to first obtain NOC from the Authorization Committee at Chhattisgarh,'' he said, adding that such checks and balances were placed to prevent mass trafficking in human organs. To enable Shaikh to obtain an expert's opinion in the case, the judges adjourned the matter to January 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382399", "title": "\u2018Discover Bihar\u2019 road show today", "text": "HYDERABAD: In its first major initiative to promote Bihar as a tourist destination, the Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation is organising a series of road shows in 10 cities kick-starting with Hyderabad on Friday. The 'Discover Bihar' event features a folk dance recital by a cultural troupe from Bihar at The Marriott, Tank Bund from 12 noon.Apart from Hyderabad, New Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Guwahati, Mumbai, Jaipur and Ahmedabad are among the cities where these promotion events will be held. Highlighting the tourism potential of the state, a spokesperson said that Bihar has several tourist attractions including Sonepur, Bodh Gaya, Nalanda, Vaishali, Sesaram, Rajgir and Gaya", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386246", "title": "A.R. Rahman: 46, and ready to play on!", "text": "A R Rahman, who celebrates his birthday today, gets chatting on topics close to his heart2 011 was a relatively disappointing year for fans of the Mozart of Madras as the composer had just a couple of Hindi albums (Rockstar and Ek Deewana Tha) releasing. But there's good news in this New Year as A R Rahman - who turns 46 today - is all set for his homecoming, quite literally, with at least four Indian projects.There's Rajini's Kochadaiyaan, Gautham Menon's Yohan: Adhyayam Ondru, Mani Ratnam's film and a movie with Bharatbala on the cards and the Oscar-winning composer is looking forward to more creative work. \"I am doing Rajini's film and it should be exciting,\" he starts off.Will he use any of the tunes that he already composed for Sultan or Rana, the other Rajini films that are on hold at the moment? \"Well, we're yet to decide about that,\" he says. Though all these assignments will make the composer stay more in Chennai, and India, his first week of the New Year has mostly been out of the country.\"I was out of the country on January 1 and will be 'pardes' on my birthday as well; so there're no special plans,\" he states. Rahman will join hands with his favourite director Mani Ratnam yet again for his upcoming flick that's already making headlines. So, what can we expect from the combination this time around? \"Well, Mani Ratnam is quite secretive these days,\" he says with a smile, \"We're still in the process of working out the music for the film.\"Any non-Rahman film music that he has liked of late? \"I can't think of anything other than Kolaveri, which is nice,\" he replies. Currently, the composer is extremely happy that some of his popular orchestral tracks will be performed live by a team from the German Film Orchestra, Babelsberg, and the students from his K M Music Conservatory in a five-city tour. \"When I was a musician, a crowd used to gather to witness how music is made,\" he reminisces, \"Unfortunately, now the studios have shrunk and that no longer happens.In these concerts, you can witness that - and the way orchestral tracks are played, sans any digital enhancements.\" Rahman's keeping his vocal cord busy this year too, as he's begun by crooning a track in Ek Deewana Tha. \"It's an addition to this album, something that didn't feature in the Tamil original (Vinnaithandi Varuvaaya),\" he signs off.SPIELBERG CONNECTION On the international front, Rahman has completed work on Welcome to People that sees him join hands with Steven Spielberg , who is its co-producer. The film is directed by Alex Kurtzman. \"We finished the music three-four months ago,\" reveals the composer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11381862", "title": "Engineer held for forcing wife to sign 'divorce' pact", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 29-year-old engineer was arrested on Thursday for allegedly forcing his wife to sign an agreement that would allow him to remarry. He was remanded in judicial custody at the Coimbatore central prison.According to the police, A Udayarani (27) of Kurichi in Coimbatore met S Arunbabu (27), an engineering graduate, while working in a private company at Sundarapuram. They soon fell in love and got married three years ago. The couple has a baby girl. After a brief stint with a company in the Gulf, Arunbabu returned to India five months ago and joined a software company in Bangalore.Thereafter, he stopped contacting and visiting his wife in Coimbatore. Arunbabu allegedly had an extra-marital affair with a software engineer in Bangalore and started living with her. Udayavani came to know about it when that woman contacted her over phone to tell that she and Arunbabu were living as husband and wife. She asked Udayarani not to be a hindrance between them. She also advised Udayavani to hand over the baby to them and get remarried.Five days ago, Arunbabu reached Sundarapuram and took the baby with him to Bangalore. He returned Sundarapuram on Wednesday and forced his wife to sign an 'agreement' allowing him to remarry.He claimed that he had a relationship with the woman even before his marriage with Udayarani. He threatened Udayarani with dire consequences if she refuses to sign the agreement. Udayarani soon filed a complaint with all-women police station in Ramanathapuram. Based on the complaint, the police arrested Arunbabu. The infant was rescued from his custody and handed over to the mother, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11380918", "title": "Kushwaha co-accused held, he may be next", "text": "NEW DELHI: After registering five FIRs in National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam, the Central Bureau of Investigation is now moving ahead and has arrested Former Uttar Pradesh bureaucrat P K Jain on Thursday.In another development, sources said that they are planning to book P K Jain and other accused persons in disproportionate assets case. Jain has been arrested in the case in which sacked BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha is also named as an accused by CBI. Source added that Kushwah could be next in line. This is the first arrest by CBI in connection with alleged irregularities in utilisation of funds, Rs 10000 crore, allocated under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scheme.The former general manager of Construction and Design Services (C and DS), Jain, was called to the CBI headquarters on Thursday morning and was placed under arrest in the afternoon. He was later taken to a designated court in Ghaziabad. The CBI had registered a case against Jain on January 2 for allegedly causing a loss of Rs 5.46 crore in the upgrading work of 134 district hospitals. The CBI alleged that Rs 13.4 crore was given to Construction and Design Services, a unit of UP Jal Nigam, for the upgrade work of 134 districts hospitals.It alleged that the work was sub-let to a Ghaziabad-based firm - Surgicoin - on the basis of bogus and forged documents. \"The materials installed in the hospitals were found to be of inferior and sub-standard quality thereby causing an approximate loss of Rs 5.46 crore to the exchequer,\" the CBI alleged.It claimed to have recovered three kgs of gold and cash of Rs 1.10 crore besides some important documents during search operations at Jain's residence on Wednesday. The CBI summoned some officials of Uttar Pradesh for questioning in connection with alleged irregularities in utilising Rs 10,000 crore funds allocated under the centrally-sponsored NRHM.Besides Jain, former director general of Family Welfare Department - S P Ram was among the senior officials called for questioning by the CBI, the sources said. The questioning came a day after the agency carried out inter-state searches at about 60 locations, including the residence of former Uttar Pradesh minister Babu Singh Kushwaha, to probe alleged irregularities.The agency had registered five cases on January 2 against certain government and private sector officials, including one against Kushwaha alleging loss of about Rs 28 crore in implementing the Centrally-sponsored scheme meant for 72 districts of Uttar Pradesh.Kushwaha, a BSP OBC leader of the state, was sacked by Mayawati and expelled from the party last November following his alleged involvement in the multi-crore scam.NRHM funds to the tune of about Rs 10,000 crore were allocated to Uttar Pradesh for the period 2005-06 till date by the Union Health and Family Welfare Ministry.Jain was produced before the designated court of A K Singh in Ghaziabad and was remanded in CBI custody for nine days. The CBI had sought permission of the court for custodial questioning of the accused for 14 days but the judge allowed his custody till January 13 only. Jain's medical check up was done before he was sent to CBI custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388086", "title": "Amar or Siddharth will win Bigg Boss: Shradha Sharma", "text": "The telecast of the grand finale of Bigg Boss is on January 7 and Shradha Sharma, who was a house inmate for a while, is excited to be doing a special act in front of a star studded guest list, which includes the likes of Karan Johar, Imran Khan and of course Sanjay Dutt and Salman Khan!Says the excited gal, \"I am thankful to the Bigg Boss platform for having given me this opportunity to be in front of so many stars who I really admire. I love the films made by KJo and he is one of the most successful filmmkaers today. And I am gonna see him! Wow! Imran Khan is my favourite star and if I get to meet him I am gonna ask him out for a date! If Avantika's around, I'll still ask....let her feel bad!.\"Veering back to the show, Shradha says, \"The show gave me a platform to show my talent. I am now being flooded with offers from various other reality shows and I can actually think of which one to do. After all I do love the concept of reality shows.\"But, who does she think will win the prize winning moolah? Shradha says, \"My guess is that either Amar Upadhay or Siddharth will win this season. I dunno why, but I think it will be one of them!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi ", "code": "11381409", "title": "Finally, Team Anna trains guns on BJP for UP outrage", "text": "NEW DELHI : Team Anna on Thursday attacked BJP for its induction of the scam tainted former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha even as it seems divided on its future course of action.This is a significant departure from Team Anna's norm so far as activists have refrained from criticizing other political parties on the Lokpal issue reasoning that the onus of passing the anti-corruption law rested with Congress more than any other party.Responding to Kushwaha's inclusion within the BJP fold, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said,`` We strongly condemn Kushwaha's induction by BJP when he is facing serious charges.\" The statement comes a day after Congress had challenged Team Anna saying that the activists should respond to the move.Another prominent member Prashant Bhushan said that the fact that BSP has kicked out people on the eve of election, who were kept for so long within the party, shows that they are trying to delude people in to believing that they are taking strong action against corruption. ``The fact that tainted members have been accepted by both BJP and Congress shows that none of these parties have any real commitment towards probity in public life. Many of these parties believe that elections won by money and muscle power and a bad image will not affect their poll fortunes. It also shows that parliamentary democracy no longer reflects wishes and aspirations of the people,'' he said.With its star campaigner Anna Hazare unable to campaign ostensibly due to health reasons, the strategy to travel to poll-bound states appears to be shelved for now. A final decision is likely only next week after the core committee meets. The meeting will to be held in Delhi without Anna, who is currently recuperating in a Pune hospital and IS unlikely to travel to Delhi. Those closely associated with the campaign said that dissent notes will be recorded in the meeting that will be put before Anna who will take a final call.Sources said that the campaign to poll-bound states could backfire and so it was important to take measured steps from now on. The lack of planning for the Mumbai agitation has also made the agitators more cautious in their approach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373155", "title": "I still don't have a TV: Dibakar Banerjee", "text": "As he gears up for the release of 'Shanghai', Dibakar Banerjee talks about Emraan Hashmi, Abhay Deol and planning to gift his daughter a BarnaporichoyWhat's it about Emraan that prompted you to cast him in \" Shanghai \"? Emraan has an effortless quality in him. Whatever roles he has done - be it films where he had to kiss his partner or fight in the rains - the audience can identify with his emotions. Even if Emraan is serenading a girl wearing a sharkskin jacket while driving a sports car, he makes the his audience believe that they too can do what Emraan is doing. In \"Shanghai\", I made Emraan play a character who represents this viewer whose icon is someone like Emraan Hashmi. He is a small town guy, who makes a living by being a photographer. He does odd jobs, isn't well-read and has two or three press cards on him. He is a man of all seasons. What's nice about Emraan is that he is a natural and has a great comic timing. His character undergoes a transformation and by the time the film ends, he is finally facing his own reality.You are the only director with whom Abhay Deol has done two movies. How did you see him evolve as an actor? Abhay is the black sheep in most of his films. In \"Shanghai\", he is the core of conservative, middle class India who clings on to his patriotic belief that India has to take over China one day. I've known Abhay as a spontaneous actor who doesn't rehearse much. But here, Abhay is different. He is playing a Tamil Brahmin who is an IAS officer . Abhay asked for a language coach and insisted that everyday, before we shot the scenes, he spent at least 40 minutes with him. He researched on IAS officers apart from interacting with two different Tamilians from different social classes. He also got a book to learn Tamil alphabets.Your movie is based on Greek author Vassilis Vassilikos's novel, Z. There is a Costa-Gavras movie that has already been adapted from the same book. How difficult does the scope of adaptation become in such cases? The organic difference between a book and a film is that while in the former, we need to read what the character is going through and figure it out in our heads, the audience has to see those experiences in a movie. Ergonomically, a book often meanders in terms of the narrative. A film, in contrast, has to be more linear in structure. Writing the screenplay of an adaptation is a tough job. Urmi Juvekar and I bickered for a year to get the screenplay in place. In the book, there are two characters who come from the lowliest of society. They are involved in negative acts but Vassilis has dealt with them quite positively. He understood the compulsions of these two characters. The earlier film ignored these two characters. I didn't.Is this because in the Indian context, finding a sentimental reason for a character's flaw is always a great way to win over the audience? No, that's not it. The book was set in the 1960s and was written in the context of the Left and the Right wing politics. Today's India has no political ideologies as such. It is more about the rich and the poor. From being a transmutation of a \"Left and Right film\", \"Shanghai\" became a \"Rich and Poor movie\".\"Shanghai\" is a political thriller at a time when real-life political scenario has become one big tamasha with a lot of thriller element. Does that interest you? No. Most of the political thrillers in India are about this tamasha. But my film is about the politics in real life.While you spent a year deciding on the screenplay of the movie, most of the hits in India today don't even have the script... A script of an Indian film is as important as you make it. A film with lots of stars and expensive locations might generate 100 crore at the box office. But who knows whether the film wouldn't have generated 200 crore at the BO if more attention was paid to the script or not. For me, the important factor is the need to make better and well-made cinema that's organically complete. A well-made film should not be judged by its BO success. The maker and his respect for what he does in cinema should not be judged by what he earns by doing so.Are you happy with what you've earned? Yes, I am. I have my house, my cars and can afford a decent standard of living.Do you still not have a television at home? I don't. My mobile still doesn't have Internet connectivity. But do I look illinformed? I have my iPad and I am very prompt about replying to e-mails.Does your daughter insist that you let her watch cartoons on television? We don't have a television at home. She doesn't watch it.Can she speak Bangla? No, she can't. The fault is completely mine because I have never spoken to her in Bengali. My wife, Richa, is from Kolkata and can speak the language. But Richa and I speak in Bengali only when we have some secret to share in front of others. Otherwise, we speak in Hindi and English. I certainly want our daughter to be introduced to Bengali literature. My parents did that to me and, hence, my world opened up. I too would want that to happen to her and will soon gift her a Barnaporichoy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11381941", "title": "BJP, Congress trade charges", "text": "MANGALORE: The war of words between ruling BJP and opposition Congress over action initiated by police department against police personnel for alleged excesses on BJP workers in Sullia last month is getting shriller.Taking umbrage at comments of veteran Congress leader B Janardhana Poojary that the Sangh Parivar and ruling BJP is not allowing honest police officials to work impartially, the district unit of BJP asked him to get his facts right.Accusing Poojary of trying to politicise the issue, Monappa Bhandary, spokesperson of Dakshina Kannada district unit of BJP, told reporters here on Thursday that police have no powers to violate human rights in the name of investigations and should get their basics right in identifying trouble makers and dealing with them.Police action against senior BJP leaders and workers in Sullia last month was based on a prejudiced mindset against them, he said.Reminding Poojary that disciplinary action was initiated against police officials based on an inquiry carried out by ADGP (Law and Order) Bipin Gopalkrishna on directions from DGP Shankar Bidari, Monappa Bhandary said even CM DV Sadananda Gowda has stated that the department has been given q free hand to deal with the situation.\"There is no political interference in any of the steps taken by the department to deal with errant personnel,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11382743", "title": "Babus slip on deadline, get a taste of DVS ire", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda is upset. Not because of his predecessor BS Yeddyurappa coveting his chair, but because top babus have ignored his diktat to tone up the administration. A miffed Gowda gave a dressing down to the state's top babus - principal secretaries and secretaries - at a review meeting here on Thursday, exactly five months after he had set an agenda for them.\"I had given you sufficient time to act. But the progress is not up to the mark. It is unsatisfactory. It is regrettable. This is just not done. Though we have entered the last quarter of the year, most of the departments have failed to implement the programmes. In a majority of the departments, the progress is only 50-60%. If the achievement is less than 70%, it is as good as zero,'' he fumed.On August 5, 2011, a day after he was sworn in, the chief minister had briefed officials about his priorities. Gowda said the officials were found lacking in every sphere of administration - be it in providing drinking water to rural areas or in implementing RTI or speedy disbursing of files or repairing of roads.The CM is bothered about negative reports in the media. In his August meeting, he had asked officials to appoint a nodal officer to respond and issue clarifications to reports in the media.\"Only 2-3 department heads have followed my directive. Henceforth, you have to issue a clarification to the negative reports in the media. I won't tolerate negligence or excuses in this regard. You have to send a clarification to my office the same day a report is published in the newspaper. If you don't respond, the news will be construed as true by the people,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382841", "title": "Modi's pep talk to holding tax collectors", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Thursday directed urban development department officials to target multi-storied buildings, commercial premises and big taxpayers to augment collection of holding tax revenue.He said this at a review meeting at which urban development minister Prem Kumar and principal secretary Shashi Shekhar Sharma were also present.Sharma informed the deputy CM that four ADMs were deployed in Patna's four circles - Nutan Rajdhani, Bankipur, Patna City and Kankerbagh, and this had resulted in increased collection of revenue.During the first ten days of December last year, the holding tax collection on an average was Rs 7 lakh every day which went up to Rs 13 to 14 lakh every day after the deployment of the ADMs.While the official informed Modi that Rs 2.58 crore was collected from the four circles of Patna in December, Modi asked the department to achieve an average target of Rs 16 lakh every day in the current month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386487", "title": "Play Arbi for me!", "text": "Are vegetarians more sensitive than others? This was a question that formed itself when I was watching a BBC Entertainment program in which four strangers living in the UK are persuaded to invite each other to their homes and cook and entertain each other for marks.That is at the end of each evening, they go back and assess each others entertaining skills based on how they have cooked and served the meal. \"Phew! I can't stand the smell of cheese, could I go and sit in the living room?\" asked the Indian Lady, a dance teacher, with a smile and a wiggle as she walked out of the dining room. Adding for good measure, \" I think it's because I have a problem with something that is moldy,\" she explained why she had such a strong reaction to cheese.The others had a chance to complain when they tried her veggie thali meal, later on, particularly when she did not serve any wine to go with it. They did not however troop out of her dining room but remarked instead about how 'slimy' her milk and rice pudding had been. So what's kheer to the initiated is yucky nursery food to others.How important smells are, or should we say, aromas, comes through in the latest book on south Indian cuisine by Chandra Padmanabhan. She has not only re-packaged some of her earlier recipes in her new book, which is titled Southern Flavours, but she makes sure that you know how to enjoy a typical south Indian meal by the judicious combination of different elements.Talking of sambhars and curries she says for instance, \"It is served hot with rice and a dollop of bubbling ghee, accompanied by a vegetable and friend and roasted papad on the side.\" One can just imagine the tingle of delight when the hot ghee is poured into a slight depression made in a mound of rice as it trickles onto the fresh green banana leaf underneath, with the scent of the stone ground herbs and chutneys by the side, the sour-sweet tang of pickles and the faint burnt flavor of the roasted pappad by the side.She creates a feast of tastes and textures and maybe that's what sets vegetarian cuisine from the south apart. Or as she writes again, \"Souring agents are normally, tamarind, tomato, sour curd and lemon or lime juice. In order to make the perfect kuzhambu, we need to balance the flavours of the souring agent, salt and chilli.\"It's also interesting how different the cooking methods of the south Indian cook is from that of the north. No, it's not just a question of wheat being the staple of the north as compared to the rice of the south. It could be that rice required more liquid based curries, rasams and saarus, while the rotis and chapattis allow you to scoop up dry items easily. It would also seem however that the vegetarian delicacies of the North are textured to look and taste of more robust items.They also use different techniques such as baking, sealing in pots and allowing different flavours to emerge, or deep-frying. This is the season for instance when in Gujarat , people go into the fields and cook their 'Undhio' vessels sealed with all manner of ingredients from purple yams, tender flat beans, sweet potatoes, green bananas, brinjals etc., and cooked in a slow fire.Or that in Rajasthan the mornings start with freshly made jelabis and crisp besan fritters taken with hot milky chai. What makes the difference to Chandra's recipes is that she has innovated within the tradition. She jives with the times, telling you about her probiotic curd curry and sets the pace with oat uppuma, arbi patties (chepankizhangu vadai) and finger millet patties. Ouch, you want to ask her: your finger or mine? Southern Flavours - The Best of South Indian Cuisine by Chandra Padmanabhan, released by Westland, is priced at Rs. 599.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ropar", "code": "11382015", "title": "Arms case: Daljit Bittu, 4 others acquitted, one gets 3-year jail", "text": "ROPAR: Additional sessions judge, Manjot Kaur, on Thursday acquitted Akali Dal (Panch Pardhani) president Daljit Singh Bittu and four other Babbar Khalsa avtivists in a case of unlawful activities, illegal possession of explosives and fire arms registered here. However, the court sentenced one accused, Harminder Singh, to three years imprisonment. However, Bittu would continue to remain in jail as another case is still pending against him in a Mansa court.The police had registered a case under Sections 16,17 and 18 of Unlawful Activities Act, Sections 25, 54 and 59 of Arms Act, Sections 3,4 and 5 of Explosives Act and Sections 465, 467 and 120-B of IPC at Ropar Sadar police station on November 15, 2009 and had arrested Babbar Khalsa activists Harminder Singh Cherrian and Balwinder Singh Dekwala. Thereafter, the police had implicated Daljit Singh Bittu, Babbar Khalsa activists Baljit Singh Bhau, Sukhwinder Singh Sukhi, Buta Singh and Khalistan Liberation Force terrorist Daya Singh Lahoria in the case.Lahoria was discharged from the case by the court some months ago.After completion of trial against the remaining six accused on Thursday, the court acquitted Bittu, Bhau, Sukhi, Buta Singh and Dekwala, while sentencing Cherrian to three years imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11383331", "title": "Lapse enables illegal Bangla immigrants to cast vote", "text": "VARANASI: Nearly 3,000 suspected illegal Bangladeshi migrants here would cast vote in the forthcoming assembly elections after managing to have themselves included in the electoral roll following district administration's failure in completing the exercise of Parental Root Verification (PRV) in time.The development has come as a major embarrassment to the district administration which concedes to the lapse. Talking to TOI, district magistrate and district election officer Ravindra said: \"While receiving objection against registered voters during revision of elector roll before its final publication on January 8, many objections were submitted mentioning that some Bangladeshis had got registered in the elector roll. A process for their verification was also conducted, but as no concrete evidence could be found, their names could not be removed from the revised voter list.\"\"Barring anyone whose name is present in the elector roll from voting is not possible,\" he said adding, \"whenever it is established that such people are Bangladeshi immigrants, their names will be deleted from the voters list during the regular process of voter list revision.\"Though the election office staff was tightlipped over the actual number of persons against whom complaints were made, a recent list forwarded to the district administration by the intelligence wing through the police department contains the names of 2,624 persons with suspected credentials.How lightly this issue is being taken could be known by contacting the officials of the departments concerned. Contacted, DIG Ram Kumar said: \"The elector roll related verification exercise was done by the machinery working under district election officers and police had no role in it.\"While IG (Range) R P Singh refused to comment on the issue, ADM (City) M P Singh said: \"No file in this regard has been produced before me so far.\" It is a clear hint that the list of suspected Bangladeshis has been left to move in files from one office to another.The list reveals that they have taken shelter mainly in Sarai Surjan, Bajardiha, Teliyana, Jakkha, Sigra railway overbridge, Bhikharipur, Konia Dotpul, along railway tracks near Laat Bhairo, Nagwa, Lehartara, Jalalipur, Chawkaghat, Daulatpur, Premchand Nagar Colony, Havelia Crossing and Aktha in Sarnath, Kandva Gate, Bada Madhopur and Shivpurva localities.A majority of these people claim that they have come to the city from places like Veerbhumi, Murshidabad and Malda while many of them disclosed that they came from Jharkhand and also from Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381426", "title": "Open category for school entry shrinks further", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you are not an alumnus of a city school, don't have an elder child studying somewhere and have no connections in the right places, your kid's chances of getting a nursery seat in a reputed school are very slim. In some schools this year, the number of seats in the general category is as low as 30% of the total.With 25% quota for poor students kicking in this year and schools reserving seats under various heads, including a discretionary quota for the management, open category seats have shrunk .For instance, out of 368 seats at Bal Bharati Public School, Ganga Ram Hospital Marg, only 110 seats (30%) arein the general category. Of the rest, 25% seats are reserved for economically weaker sections, 20% seats each for school's discretionary quota and siblings, and 5% seats for alumni.If the number of applications received is more than the number of seats in a category, the school will conduct a draw of lots.In schools following a 100-point system, alumni and sibling are part of the general category. At Springdales School, Pusa Road, where a 100-point system is in place, there are only 47 seats open to the general category out of a total of 102. Alumni and sibling categories take away a large chunk of these general seats due to high points awarded to them. The school allots 30 points to siblings and 25 to wards of alumni followed by 20 points to children in the neighbourhood.Similarly, DPS Mathura Road has 240 nursery seats. Only 120 are in the open category, including alumni and sibling. The school gives 30 points each to neighbourhood and sibling and 20 points to alumni.\"My husband is from Haryana and I studied in Lucknow. And we have only one daughter. I had made a list of the best schools in the city where I wanted to apply for her admission. But I am so disappointed to see that her chances of getting through are so slim,\" said Ridhi Saxena, who lives in Safdarjung Enclave.\"Schools following the point system seem to prefer alumni and sibling. And those going for a draw of lots have separate categories for them, leaving little room for people like us. The only saviour can be the neighbourhood criteria but then I do not have many good schools close by,\" Ridhi said, adding that the points awarded to a girl child or a first-born child are too less to brighten her child's chances.Seats started shrinking when the EWS quota in city schools was increased from 15% to 25% under the Right to Education. Delhi government also allowed schools to reserve up to 20% under the management quota to acknowledge their autonomy. Further, schools were also allowed to reserve seats for different categories based on their philosophy and objectives. So, instead of being clubbed as general, alumni and sibling became special categories.\"How can private schools be questioned on having special points for alumni and sibling or creating a management quota? We are autonomous institutions. Shouldn't we have a right to decide the composition of children we want in the school?\" said a principal from a central Delhi school.D K Bedi, principal, Apeejay School at Pitampura that follows the category system, added, \"We are all for educating the disadvantaged. But it is being done at the cost of general category children. Neither is the government setting up new schools nor have private schools been allotted land in last few years. This is a serious problem as we have only a fixed number of seats.\"Ameeta Mulla Wattal, principal, Springdales School at Pusa Road, says making categories at least ensures there are some seats reserved for those who do not fall in any category. \"However, when we have nearly 4,000 applications to select from, a draw of lots is not feasible. Unless the government improves the standard of its schools in the city, the scramble for seats will continue,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "11383016", "title": "VIP devotees cry foul over Tirumala Tirupati ticket sale", "text": "TIRUMALA: Notwithstanding the furore over the poor arrangements made for the auspicious Vaikunta Ekadasi festival on Thursday, a fresh controversy broke out with the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) issuing thousands of VIP passes to non-protocol persons. So much so, several high-profile pilgrims themselves complained about several irregularities in the sale of VIP tickets for the paid rituals as chaos reigned supreme at the temple precincts.The VIP break darshan tickets are priced at Rs 500 each, but this time they were sold at Rs 1,000 as the TTD categorized them for VVIPs and VIPs separately. What more, the Rs 500 ticket was sold in the range of Rs 5000 to Rs 10,000 with touts having a field day in collusion with TTD mandarins. \"Around 10,000 VIP passes were sold to non-protocol devotees at high prices. This could not have been possible without the active connivance of top TTD officials,\" sources said,Film star Mohan Babu, Congress MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao and Venkatagiri MLA K Ramakrishna threw a fit and dubbed the TTD's arrangements as the worst ever. Sources said several VIPs made beeline to the temple from early on the day leading to massive traffic jams on the 6-km stretch between the VIP Padmavathi guest house and the temple. With a massive influx of pilgrims from all corners of India, the TTD was found wanting as it failed to make arrangements for darshan as well as accommodation for the pilgrims.TTD initially announced that it would not sell any VIP passes but the number of VIPs passes issued by it surpassed everybody's expectations. The classification left even the ruling party MLAs fuming as they waited patiently for darshan of the Lord.\"There were only six state ministers, four judges, two central ministers present under the VIP quota. Even if the VIP quota is completely addressed, the number should not be more than 300. But the TTD management has completely goofed up in making arrangements for the pilgrims and issued passes to even non-protocol VIPs,\" rued Nagari MLA Muddukrishnama Naidu.The fiasco began with the TTD allowing the VIP break darshan at 2 am itself. Though it was supposed to end at 4 am, it continued even after 6 am, causing severe inconvenience to both VIPs and regular devotees. Even the police who were managing the queues lost out on the number of devotees with VIP passes and at one point of time regular devotees also entered the VIP line.This caused uproar among the VIPs who protested at the 'non-VIP' devotees entering their queue. Many devotees who walked up the hill on foot via Alipiri footpath route returned without darshan of the Lord.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383719", "title": "HC allows demo for medical facility at Kalpakkam", "text": "CHENNAI: Coming to the aid of nuclear safety activists, the Madras high court on Thursday directed the Kalpakkam police to permit a protest fast by the People's Movement for Nuclear Safety demanding a medical facility in the vicinity of the power plant.Justice Vinod Kumar Sharma, passing orderson a writ petition filed by K Duraisamy, panchayat ward member of Sathurangapattinam in Kancheepuram district, said: \"The respondents (Kalpakkam police) are directed to grant permission to the petitioner to hold a protest for one day at a place to bespecifiedby the police,so asto see that no law and order problem iscreated.\"Justice Sharma gave the direction after the petitioner's counsel M Radhakrishnan contended that the protest was meanttohighlightthelackofthe promised specialty hospital for treating radiation-related diseasesin Kalpakkam.In his petition, Duraisamy, an office-bearer of the People's Movement for Nuclear Safety, claimed that due to the continuous functioning of the plant, many people in the vicinity had been afflicted with cancer. Citing a survey, he said that in the lastthree years alone244casesof cancer hadbeen detectedin Kalpakkam.In order tohighlightthe need for a specialty hospital, the forum had applied for police permission to hold a day's fast near the Poigaikarai Roundtana in Sathurangapattinam on December 12. The request was rejected by Kalpakkam policeon December 10. In the new petition, Duraisamy wantedthe rejection order tobeset aside, andtheforum be permitted to hold a day-long fast at Sathurangapattinam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11383061", "title": "CBI zeroes in on JSY to probe NRHM mess", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Thursday went out for a massive physical verification of funds exhausted in the name of financial assistance doled under different schemes of the National Rural Health Mission.The teams had directed some randomly selected beneficiaries to appear before the invest-gators at the local CHCs and PHCs dotting the borders of the state capital. Similarly, the CBI had also directed the signing authorities at these medical units to be present at their offices so that verification work could be done. CBI is focusing on specifically in the anomalies in the implementation of Janni Suraksha Yojna (JSY).The scheme aimed at promoting institutionalised de-livery of pregnant women in order to improve the infant mortality rate. In this scheme every expecting woman was entitled to a financial help of Rs 1,400 in cash, if the delivery takes place at the CHC/PHC.In rural pockets, villagers depended on untrained and self-proclaimed mid-wives for deliveries. Such arrangements are popular as the cost of delivery is very limited as compared to the expenses of transporting a pregnant woman to the local CHC/PHC which could be situated as far as 5 to 7 kilometres away, cost of medication and so on. In order to counter this trend, the NRHM introduced the JSY scheme with the provision of financial assistance merely to encourage rural women to opt for deliveries at the medical centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11388162", "title": "2G case: Accused Asif Balwa made to stand in dock for irrelevant questions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irked by a counsel of the 2G spectrum case accused posing irrelevant questions to a prosecution witness, a Delhi court today made the accused stand in its dock for over half an hour, warning that other accused too would meet the same fate for similar conduct of their lawyers.Special Judge OP Sinai made Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Ltd's Director stand in the dock as his counsel Shrikant Shivade asked several queries relating to phone call made by former Telecom Minister A Raja's erstwhile private additional secretary Aseervatham Achary, also a CBI witness.\"I have given too much liberty to you. All the 17 accused will stand in the dock from tomorrow onwards (if this conduct continues). You ( Asif Balwa) go and stand there (in the dock) right now,\" the judge said.Shivade was quizzing Achary regarding his telephonic conversations with some officials in the Ministry of Environment and Forest, which Achary failed to recall.Sample the counsel's posers that irked the judge. \"Have you taken any drug which might have affected your memory?... Is this lapse chronic or temporary or recently acquired?\" Shivade asked.The judge prevented the lawyer from making such queries and said \"if such questions are put any further, the questions shall be disallowed with a heavy cost\".The judge also disallowed a question relating to the number of bank accounts held by Achary after CBI prosecutor objected that it was a personal question not related to the 2G case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11383245", "title": "\u2018Look at science the Buddhist way\u2019", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After delivering hard talks on chemistry at the ongoing Indian Science Congress (ISC) here, Nobel Laureate Prof Richard R. Ernst donned the garb of a Buddhist spiritual leader and philosopher on Thursday.Stressing the need of a \"role model\", the 79-year-old Swiss Nobel laureate was all praise for Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama while delivering his lecture on \"Science and Spirituality: The view of a Western Scientist\" on the Utkal University campus here. The event was organised by Bhaktivendanta Institute, Kolkata.Trying to strike a chord with the audience, Prof Ernst said: \"I was immensely influenced by Buddhism and the Dalai Lama and his preaching. The Buddhist leader always looked at science from the spiritual point of view.\"Ernst recollected old memories how the Dalai Lama held series of discussions with scientists to establish the link between spiritualism and science. He also spoke of the monastic Tibet Institute in Rikon, Switzerland. \"The Dalai Lama was responsible of the institute. The Buddhist monastery and its Tibetan monastic community consttute a vital part of the cultural and religious life of Tibetans in Switzerland,\" said Ernst, who won Nobel Prize in 1991 for his contributions to the development of the methodology of high resolution nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy.The Nobel Laureate exhibited his craving for Tibetan paintings created by master painter Zhu-Chen. \"I find science when I do pigment analysis in his paintings. The colour combinations in Tibetan art resembled the chemical reactions in chemistry,\" Ernst said. He cultivated interest in Tibetan art during a trip through Asia in 1968. Puri Gajapati Maharaja Dibyasingh Deb and Subhag Swami spoke, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11383844", "title": "Cash registers ring at party offices in city", "text": "PUNE: Aspirants from all political parties are making a beeline to party offices to collect candidature forms for the February 16 civic election. All leading parties had sold about 500 forms in the last few days and earned about Rs 10 lakh as fees.The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has sold the maximum forms. It had sold 850 forms till Thursday. \"People from all strata of society are approaching us. The response from women aspirants is good,\" said Vandana Chavan, city unit chief of NCP.Most parties have priced the forms at Rs 100 each. Parties are accepting Rs 3,000 as submission fee from aspirants from the open category when they submit the forms. Some parties including the NCP, Congress and BJP have offered discounts to women aspirants and those from the scheduled caste.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has distributed over 400 forms. \"The last date for selling candidature forms has not been fixed. We are talking with our allies about seat-sharing and once it is done the call on stopping sale of candidature forms will be taken,\" Vikas Mathkari, city unit chief of BJP, said.The Shiv Sena, a partner in the alliance has distributed over 450 forms. The party has charged Rs 1,000 for the form and Rs 2,000 as submission fees from the aspirants. The distribution and submission of forms will continue till the end of the week.\"The response is overwhelming so we have decided to extend the date of selling forms,\" Neelam Gorhe, Shiv Sena member of legislative council, said. The party may extend the deadline till January 12 or 13.The civic election is due on February 16. Parties have to look for candidates in 76 panels comprising 152 wards. Of these 50% seats are reserved for women. \"Aspirants are coming to the party office seeking forms. We are making all arrangements to make the distribution and submission of forms easy,\" Abhay Chhajed city unit chief of Congress said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383262", "title": "Ex-servicemen in railways write to President", "text": "KOLKATA: They stood guard along the borders while rest of the country enjoyed their sleep. Many of them did battle in inhospitable terrain and missed death by a whisker. Many of them are graduates and some even hold post-graduate degrees.Today, these ex-servicemen work as gangmen and trackmen under railway Public Way Inspectors (PWI), packing sleepers with ballast, clearing undergrowth near tracks and changing rails. This is how the country treats its veterans.Unable to stand this physical and mental torment, 27 ex-servicemen working for the Sealdah division of Eastern Railway have written to the President, Prime Minister, defence minister and railway minister, seeking deployment in suitable jobs.\"Not only do we have to perform tasks that we are not used to, we also have to remove carcasses and other items from the tracks. We are always concerned that we may not be able to do justice to our jobs as we are not properly trained. Moreover, there are no career prospects for trackmen. While in the defence services, we attained higher rank and supervisory posts. The skills that we picked up there are not put to use. We are made to do menial jobs instead,\" the letter to the President states.Most of them are between 40-50 years old and received some training in different trades before their retirement from the services. There are several security-related posts vacant in the railways that could have been filled up by them. The ex-servicemen have stated from the Railway Establishment Book - 2010, that ex-servicemen can be directly employed as Group-C employees by the railways. The veterans have claimed that there is a rule that a soldier, who is a matriculate and has served in the services for 15 years, may be treated at par with a graduate.The former soldiers are worried that they are untrained in the job they are made to do and this may result in an accident. Any such accident would be a cause of for embarrassment for the ex-servicemen, widows and serving soldiers and officers in the Army, Navy and Air Force.Recently, during a re-employment rally in West Bengal, senior officers of the Eastern Command and Bengal Area had urged prospective employers not to typecast the veterans into those capable of doing menial jobs. For several years now, the soldiers and JCOs receive training in various trades before retirement. If employed, they can serve as skilled and dedicated workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381605", "title": "Navy on alert to foil gunrunning", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has alerted coastal states, including Gujarat and Maharashtra, and asked Navy and Coast Guard to step up patrolling in sea following an 'interception' of a telephone call - made from a ship using satellite phone off Kutch coast to the US - about possible arrival of consignment of arms and ammunition along the Indian coast line.The call was intercepted by Central security agencies on December 31. An unidentified person made a call through Thuraya satellite from a ship, which was at that time at Gulf of Kutch, off the Gujarat coast, to a US number.Sources said during the 232-second English conversation, the receiver enquired about the precise maritime location of the ship, consignment of the weapons and nature of the Customs patrol. The information, including the US telephone number, has been shared with American agencies to verify the details from their end, they added.Fearing that terrorists may try to replicate the 26/11 terror attack, the Centre has asked the states and other agencies to check movement of all ships and closely monitor fishing trawlers. The Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) terrorists, who attacked Mumbai in November, 2008, had come to the metropolis using sea route from Karachi .Though the security agencies suspect it to be an international gun-running operation and alerted all agencies concerned to take necessary steps to stop any such consignment, they do not rule out the possibility of it being routed to local terror modules through organized crime network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11382163", "title": "Fresh snowfall lashes Shimla", "text": "SHIMLA: Snowfall in Shimla has brought the long wait for white flakes to an end. Not only the tourists and those associated with tourism industry were waiting for it but the apple growers too were looking up the sky to see a better crop this summer. After a brief spell on Wednesday night, fresh snow started on Thursday afternoon.Snowfall also started in Shimla's surrounding areas, including Kufri and Naldehra. Tourists, who had come to Shimla, were delighted to find white flakes covering the tourist town of Kufri during the morning hours. In the afternoon, Shimla was also lashed by snow.\"Shimla cannot be imagined without snow during winters. Snow gives a majestic look to the town,\" Atul Gautam, a hotelier from Shimla said. He added that after disappointing tourists during Christmas and New Year, Shimla has finally received winter's first snow which would bring more tourists to the town.Ravinder Chauhan, an apple grower, said, \"We had been waiting for snowfall. Now trees would get required minimum chilling hours for better production this season.\"Delayed snowfall has already hit the tourism sector hard as majority of tourists this year headed for Kashmir. But the fresh spell of snow has brought some hope to the tourism industry as it can expect more rush of tourist to Shimla and its adjoining areas.A hotelier from Kufri said this winter Shimla has witnessed less number of tourists. \"Majority have headed either for Kashmir or Manali,\" he added.Meanwhile, Himachal Pradesh is going to reel under severe cold conditions in the coming days as the weather department has predicted overcast sky till January 9 during which the state would receive rain, thundershowers and snow in many places.Shimla on Thursday had maximum temperature of 10.2 degrees Celsius, which was 2.7 degrees below normal temperature, while Manali had a maximum temperature of 5 degrees Celsius, which was 5 degrees below normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383786", "title": "Govt plans offshore facility to tap wind energy", "text": "CHENNAI: The Centre for Wind Energy Technology (CWET) plans to conduct a feasibility study in Dhanushkodi near Rameswaram to set up offshore windmills, following problems of land acquisition for onshore wind power projects.Sources said wind velocity at 100 metres from ground level would be measured and data collected. \"It will be set up in a lagoon. If there is enough wind flow, we will set up a wind farm and start power generation,\" said a CWET source.A machine will be installed at the erected tower and the velocity, direction and duration of wind recorded. The data will then be sent to the CWET. \"At least one acre of land will be required to erect the tower in Dhanushkodi,\" the source said. It would take at least two years to study and gather data on the potential for offshore wind energy.The study will take some years to complete. \"We conducted a study in Rameswaram too, but that was not for offshore windmills. We studied the velocity at 20 metres from ground level,\" said the source. Many countries have started opting for offshore windmills. Many European countries, the US and China have started setting up such windmills. But in India the concept is yet to catch on.The country's wind energy generation capacity is around 14,000MW, of which Tamil Nadu accounts for 6,547MW. Between April and October last year, nearly 660MW was added. However, a major problem in both onshore and offshore windmills is the evacuation problem. \"There is a need for proper evacuation facilities. The ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) said an exclusive corridor for renewable energy will be set up soon,\" said Tamil Nadu Energy Development Agency (TEDA) chairman and managing director Sudeep Jain.He said there were no offshore windmills in the country. \"Tamil Nadu has a huge potential and it would be good if some are set up in the state,\" said Jain. TNEB officials on the other hand said laying transmission lines for evacuating wind power would not happen in a short time. \"Wind energy producers claim the state has a capacity to produce an additional 10,000MW. This would need a strong transmission network,\" said a TNEB official.He said they sought funds from the MNRE for an exclusive corridor for evacuating wind energy. \"We will need at least Rs 5,000 crore,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11383259", "title": "Devotees now have more faith in women priests", "text": "VARANASI: If you believe that orthodox scenario that has prohibited women performing various religious rituals still prevails, you are sadly mistaken. Banaras, which boasts of its religious richness and diversity, is witnessing a good number of women priests.Increasing number of women helping devotees with prayers and rituals on ghats and temples and performing rituals of 'karma kand' at various homes and organisations evidently reflects this fact.A Durga temple in Dhoopchandi area has been boasting of such women priests since time immemorial. According to Radhe Shyam Vishwakarma (57), a local and a regular visitor to the temple, women are generally the wives of the male priests and are equally aware of the rituals and tradition of leading the puja ceremony in a Hindu temple.It is worth mentioning here that the temple, which already brakes the fanatic ideology that only Brahmins can have access to the temple and lead the prayers, is actually looked after and managed by members from boatmen community. \"There is no methodological training that we are provided with which is given at universities and gurukuls. However, the tradition is on since generations and we follow what our elders tell us to do. But, we only know the tradition of performing rituals at this temple of Goddess Durga and do not go out to perform similar rituals for the common man,\" informed Poonam (31), a priests and member of boatment community.As many as seven women priests from the same group of boatmen are there in the temple and take their duty according to a given schedule. \"We do not mind giving the prasad and flowers to women inside the temple. They offer it to the deity and bless us. Moreover, they are more concerned and systematic as compared to the male priests,\" says Jyoti Soni, a devotee.Kusum Devi, a 64-year-old woman, has been sitting at Kal Bhairo temple for the past 30 years and has been guiding devotees and helping them with rituals to escape various diseases, problems and adversities. \"There are many male priests too but people trust Kusum Devi more for her effective healing prayers,\" says Manoj, a flower vendor outside the temple. According to Kusum, the healing prayers are easy to learn but need proper practice and concentration. However, she accepts that they are not very well stocked with mythological wisdom.Apart from less methodological path of attaining priesthood by women, a gurukul Panini Kanya Mahavidyalaya in the Mehmoorganj is breaking the 5,000-year-old law of Manusmriti that women cannot perform religious rites, enchant hymes or read Vedas.According to Acharya Priti Vimarshini of the gurukul, the 40-year-old institution exclusively for girls has been imparting Vedic knowledge to as many as 60 girls every year. \"The girls are being trained in performing Karma Kands, Sanskars and are taught Sanskrit, Vedas, Ashtadhyayi and Indian philosophy,\" says Priti. Moreover, the gurukul follows Vedic system rather than caste system and girls from different castes, including dalit, attain priesthood here after following rigorous hard work and studies.\"We invite girls from Panini Kanya Mahavidyalaya for every ritual at our home. They follow a systematic method and all the hymns and rites they perform are very peaceful and serene,\" says Rahul Srivastava, a resident of Pandeypur. \"These young girls perform much effective rites than any male Brahmin or priest,\" says Dinesh Barnwal, a resident of Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386014", "title": "Our hips don't lie", "text": "Here's some news to make you go \"Waka waka\" in the new year! Music director Debajyoti Mishra is composing for Shakira in a musical that will have the Latina superstar explore the many facets of desire through her songs.The film is a British production - the working title is \"Desire - The Flying Butter\" - and is being directed by Enamul Karim Nirjhar from Bangladesh.At a time when Indian composers are gung-ho about foreign collaborations, Debajyoti has pulled off a musical coup of sorts. \"Enamul has been working on the script of this English film for a long time. Initially, he had wanted to have Bangladesh as the film's backdrop, but it was changed. Now, the film will be shot in Scotland , Dover and London,\" says Debajyoti, who has given us musical gems like \"Raincoat\" and \"Chokher Bali\" earlier.The musical shows how desire plays havoc with people's lives. \"Even if desire is genderless, in the film it appears in a woman's form,\" Debajyoti adds. All the five songs in desire's voice will be sung by Shakira, while Debajyoti has composed another 25 numbers to fit various situations in the musical. Talks are also on with Shakira to play the character of desire in the film.\"Shakira was keen to sing English songs, not Latin numbers. Each song is about 4.5 to 5 minutes. She also made an effort to find out about the length of the songs. About her in the title role, nothing has been decided as yet,\" Debajyoti says. So, has she heard any of his songs? \"Before giving her go-ahead, she had heard the soundtracks of \"Raincoat\" and \"Aha!\" (an Enamul film with Debajyoti as composer). She was particularly impressed with the song, \"Dur isharaye\", and that's what she told me over the phone on the second day of coming on board.\"Another high point of the film's music is the collaboration with Chinese-American cellist and composer, Yo-Yo Ma , a recipient of multiple Grammy awards . \"Yo-Yo Ma is a legend. I had met him long back in London and kept in touch. It feels great to be working with him on this project. He is co-arranging the film's music with me,\" says Debajyoti.UK DATE WITH SHAKIRA IN FEB Out of the five songs for Shakira, Debajyoti has already composed four. \"\"Living beyond windows\", \"Desire\" and two other tracks are ready apart from quite a few short numbers. All of them are popular Western songs. They have a sensual quality about them, but it's not the same as seductive. They are mostly bouncy, naughty songs,\" the composer adds. And even if the composer is yet to consider an Indian instrument, he is keen to use the dialect of Moymonsingha Geetika. \"We want to give a bizarre twist to the folk music of Moymonsingha. In fact, Shakira too was keen to sing in that dialect.\"Apart from Shakira, the unit has also zeroed in on Moroccan singer Abdelhakim. \"Hakim, as we call him, is a great singer. We will also use a few other singers from the subcontinent. There are a few Bangladeshi characters in the film. Actors from the neighbouring country will be doing those roles. We need to record some songs with singers in Bangladesh,\" Debajyoti says. He is also collaborating with London Philharmonic Orchestra for the film. The team will be leaving for London end-February to record the songs at Ignition Studios. While the composer will be busy recording till mid-March, shooting for the film will begin in April.Enamul, who is currently in Bangladesh, says, \"The project's been born out of a strong friendship. Debu, Mustafa Khalid Prokash, architect and co-producer of the film, and I are great friends. And it feels great to be in your comfort zone. \"Desire - the flying butter\" is a celebration of this friendship and will be made under the banner, \"We\".\" About the film, Enamul adds, \"From political changes to technological transformations, I have seen it all in the past few years, but the one thing that remains constant is desire. It has both local and universal appeal. I have tried to weave both on a single thread.\"Enamul is an architect-turned-director, whose first film, \"Aha!\", was the official entry to the Oscars from Bangladesh in the Best Foreign Language film category in 2008. His second, \"Namuna\", was banned in the country for its strong political overtones. Music for both films were composed by Debajyoti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388790", "title": "Sam Worthington won't settle down", "text": "Sam Worthington keeps all his belongings in two bags..The 'Terminator Salvation' actor has never felt the need to settle down and prefers to travel light with only the things that he needs to survive.He said: \"I've got a bag of clothes and a bag of books. I don't own a phone and I don't want to own one. Sydney's home but I am never normally there. I'm a gypsy. I go where the work is.\"The white picket fence at home in Australia has never really appealed to me. I'm not very responsible when it comes to mortgages, bills, paperwork.\"I could have had that years ago and I chose not to. Maybe when I'm 60 I'll settle down. At the moment I like my lifestyle.\"The 35-year-old star insists he never became an actor because he wanted to be famous but also admitted his profession does not stem from a childhood ambition.He told Britain's Cosmopolitan magazine: \"I didn't set out to be famous; if I'd wanted that, I would have gone on 'Big Brother'. I'm not a fan of people who say they put a sheet up in the backyard when they were seven and entertained everyone. When I was seven, I thought I was a fire truck.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11383406", "title": "KBA elections on Feb 1", "text": "KANPUR: The elections of Kanpur Bar Association will be held on February 1.A meeting of executive committee of KBA was held on Thursday to decide the date of elections. According to KBA general secretary Anoop Kumar Dwivedi, the details would be finalized in a day or two. The term of present executive ended in December last year.Dwivedi said that the KBA also expelled two of member named as Akhilesh Gupta and Mahesh Mani Pandey and wrote to UP Bar Council to take action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382832", "title": "ECR earnings go up through passenger fine", "text": "PATNA: The East Central Railway (ECR) earned a record earning from passengers held travelling without ticket (WT) in all its five divisions during the ticket checking drive undertaken from time to time last year.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, about 1.35 lakh passengers were caught travelling without tickets under Sonepur division of the ECR which yielded about Rs 4.95 crore revenue to the railways last year. The railways detected about 18,117 cases of unbooked luggage and realized a sum of Rs 9.25 lakh as penalty from the persons concerned, he said.Similarly, the railways caught 1.39 lakh passengers travelling without tickets under Samastipur division of the ECR and realized a sum of Rs 5.20 crore as fine from them till November last year. However, the railways earned about Rs 34 lakh as fine in cases of unbooked luggage, the CPRO said.Under Danapur division, about 1.10 lakh passengers were held travelling without tickets under the division which yielded Rs 3.55 crore as revenue last year. The railways detected as many as 51,000 cases of unbooked luggage under the division and realized a sum of Rs 38 lakh as fine, Ambastha said, adding Mughalsarai and Dhanbad divisions earned about Rs 3.42 crore and Rs 1.87crore respectively as fine from passengers caught travelling without proper tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382944", "title": "Deaf to the cries of the blind", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over half a century ago, Helen Keller had described the Government School for the Blind at Darulshifa as among the best centres of learning for the visually impaired. But the school today is beset with infrastructure and administration problems and narrates a story of struggle.Speaking to TOI on the 203rd birth anniversary of Louis Braille, the man who invented Braille, students and the staff of the school said that their books and other tools of learning are almost obsolete. \"Elsewhere, technology is bringing people like us on a par with those with vision. Here we are left to struggle with archaic material,\" a student here complained.There are four schools for the visually challenged in the city of which two are run by the government. Started in 1939 as an institution for the deaf-dumb and blind, Government Special High School for the Blind, was set up temporarily in Hyderguda, before being moved to Basant Haveli, Diwan Devdi in 1970. When facilities at Diwan Devdi were no longer adequate for the growing school, it moved to its present location in Darulshifa in 1974.Reflecting on the school's initial years, N Venkata Ramulu, the headmaster of the primary section, who is also visually impaired, says, \"Helen Keller was impressed when she visited the school in 1954. The equipment that we used then was ordered from London . This equipment was in use till I was a student of this school in the seventies. Even after we moved to this building, the school was performing extremely well under the patronage of the first few headmasters.\" Citing official negligence, he adds, \"The infrastructure in use today is inadequate and has affected the quality of teaching.\"\"The primary section building has only two classrooms. We have both Urdu and Telugu medium here but we have to pack children belonging to five classes into one room. Though we have sufficient staff, we do not have enough classrooms. Ideally there should not be more than eight children in each class in schools for special children. So how do we cater to the 100 students who are now enrolled,\" he asks.Pointing to the administrative drawbacks, he says, \"The government gives additional charge to headmasters from other schools but does not make a permanent appointment, though there are many competent individuals who are also alumni of the school. Due to the lack of proper administration, problems like delay in starting the academic year and lack of standard Braille equipment have become the norm.\" Explaining the importance of Braille equipment for learning, another staffer said students have to make do with substandard books and slates. \"Since students learn everything through touch, the equipment that we use has to be of the highest standard. Standard equipment is available from National Institute for Visually Handicapped from Dehra Dun but what we get at the school does not conform to those standards. Recently a group of young IT professionals took pains to order Braille slates, stylus and other equipment from Dehra Dun and donated it to us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381777", "title": "Car knocks down Safdarjung Tomb gate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Blinding fog, which enveloped the city late on Wednesday night, claimed a BPO employee's life in the wee hours of Thursday. In another freak accident, a businessman's car rammed into the main gate of Safdarjung's tomb, knocking it down. The driver, a resident of Greater Kailash, has been arrested.The incident took place around 10.30pm near Tughlak Road. The accused, identified as Bharat Arora, was coming from Lodhi Colony and heading towards Paschim Vihar area to drop a friend. As the visibility was low, he missed the right turn near the tomb and rammed into the gate. Due to the strong impact, the gate broke.Fortunately, Arora escaped unhurt. But the car was badly damaged in the crash, said cops. Passersby rushed to the driver's rescue and informed the police. Eyewitnesses said that the car was speeding and the driver missed the turn due to the fog.\"We received a call around 10.30pm and rushed to the spot. Although the driver was safe, we conducted his medical examination to check for alcohol presence. However, he tested negative. He has been booked for rash and negligent driving and a case has been registered under appropriate sections of IPC,\" said a senior police officer from New Delhi district.Around three hours later, a 29-year-old BPO employee was killed after his bike was hit by a car in Chirag Delhi area of South Delhi. The deceased was identified as Sujoy Vats, a resident of Vasundhara in Ghaziabad.The incident took place around 1am on Outer Ring Road near Masjid Moth. A resident of Greater Kailash, Umang Aggarwal, was behind the wheels, police said. Blinded by the thick envelope of fog, the accused did not notice the biker on time, said cops. \"We received a call around 1am about the incident from a passerby. The victim was rushed to the hospital where he was declared brought dead. The driver has been booked for causing death due to negligence and rash driving and has been arrested. The accident cell will further probe the case,\" said a senior police officer.Vats was going home after work from his office in Sainik Farms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11381943", "title": "\u2018Stop construction till expert committee gives clearance\u2019", "text": "GUWAHATI: Anti-dam organizations on Thursday told the state government categorically that no dam construction should be allowed till the experts are satisfied with the safety and security of downstream areas.Even in relation to NHPC's 2000 MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project at Gerukamukh, the organizations asked the government not to allow construction work till the expert committees come up with a study of its impact on downstream areas. As the government called another meeting on January 20, the organizations have also asked the NHPC not to resume construction while talk process is on.Although the group of ministers met the anti-dam organizations including All Assam Students Union (AASU), Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuva Chatra Parishad (AJYCP) and Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) separately, the issues raised by these groups were almost similar. They mostly concerned cumulative downstream impact, safety and security of the downstream people in Assam and threats to livelihoods because of hydro-electric projects planned in Arunachal Pradesh.Aasu and 26 other organizations representing different ethnic groups in the state said that they wanted solution to the problem through dialogues involving the Centre, the state government and the anti-dam groups.\"We are not agitating for the sake of agitation. Likewise, the government should not talk for the sake of talks. We want solutions. So we want a tripartite dialogue,\" said Aasu adviser Samujjal Bhattacharya, adding, the government should talk to citizens' body and experts on January 14.\"We don't want the downstream impact study to be confined to only 10-km from the dam site. We have categorically asked the government to consider the entire river system of the state for the downstream impact study,\" president of the Mising Mimag Kebang, Ranoj Pegu, said.Terming the meeting as a positive step, KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi said that the meeting was yet to come up with desired results. \"We have asked the NHPC not to go on with construction of the Lower Subansiri project till we reach a solution,\" Akhil said.However, AJYC felt the meeting failed to come up with positive results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11387906", "title": "Amar or Siddharth will win Bigg Boss: Shradha Sharma", "text": "The telecast of the grand finale of Bigg Boss is on January 7 and Shradha Sharma, who was a house inmate for a while, is excited to be doing a special act in front of a star studded guest list, which includes the likes of Karan Johar , Imran Khan and of course Sanjay Dutt and Salman Khan !Says the excited gal, \"I am thankful to the Bigg Boss platform for having given me this opportunity to be in front of so many stars who I really admire. I love the films made by KJo and he is one of the most successful filmmkaers today. And I am gonna see him! Wow! Imran Khan is my favourite star and if I get to meet him I am gonna ask him out for a date! If Avantika's around, I'll still ask....let her feel bad!.\"Veering back to the show, Shradha says, \"The show gave me a platform to show my talent. I am now being flooded with offers from various other reality shows and I can actually think of which one to do. After all I do love the concept of reality shows.\"But, who does she think will win the prize winning moolah? Shradha says, \"My guess is that either Amar Upadhay or Siddharth will win this season. I dunno why, but I think it will be one of them!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11384062", "title": "Air passenger dies in Indore", "text": "INDORE: A 71-year-old Jet Airways passenger died at the airport here soon after the landing on Thursday morning. He along with his wife was on way to Lucknow from Ahmedabad in the Kolkota-bound flight, said sources.The deceased has been identified as Satyendra Kumar Srivastava, who hailed from Lucknow's Gomti Nagar. Sources said that he had complained of a chest pain on board at around 7.45 am just before the scheduled landing at the Ahilya Bai Holkar Airport here. He soon fell unconscious in the flight and the crew members provided him first aid on board. The airlines sources said that Srivastava was breathing when he was shifted out of the flight but died while waiting for the doctor in the ambulance. There was no doctor at the airport to provide emergency medical aid to the patient. Sources further said that the deceased was a diabetic patient and was suffering from acidity. Srivastava was accompanied by his wife Shanti Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11382104", "title": "Haphazard seating during meetings irks councillors", "text": "GURGAON: It is bad enough that the councillors don't have a building for themselves when they have a meeting. What makes things worse is the lack of proper seating arrangements in the meeting hall at the deputy commissioner's office.The councillors say that apart from other hurdles like lack of coordination between them and the officials, one big reason for the ineffectiveness of these meetings is the way in which they are organized. To begin with, they say, the seating arrangement itself is erroneous.\"It is true that we have not achieved anything in the past three meetings that we have had and we should make some necessary changes if we want something meaningful to come out of the one on Friday. What is missed the most is a place where we can sit and discuss issues at hand.We are being forced to meet at the hall in the deputy commissioner's office that is not at all suited to conducting a House meeting like ours. This hall is meant for seminars where one speaks and the audience simply has to listen. And this is precisely what is happening at our House meetings as well because of which there is no meaningful interaction taking place,\" said Mangat Ram Bagri, Ward 10 councillor. \"In other corporations like the MCD , the mayor and other senior officials sit on the podium while the ruling party councillors sit on the right side while the opposition members occupy the left side.However, in our case all the councillors sit on one side while the officials sit on the other side and both can't even see or hear each other clearly. The seating arrangement has to be changed immediately and the MCG should look for an alternative place to hold these meetings so that the motive for which we gather can be achieved,\" he added. Many blame the administration for showing a lackadaisical attitude towards having an office for the elected councillors.\"At least for the past three years the authorities knew that the election would take place and councillors would be elected and they would need a place to sit and hold House meetings but they have just not bothered to do anything about it. Moreover, since a majority of the councillors belong to the anti-CM faction, the state government too is not concerned about how, when and where we have these essential meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11381136", "title": "Khot, Tawadkar to vie for Canacona", "text": "PANAJI: While uncertainty continues over the joining of its Canacona MLA Vijay Pai Khot to the Congress fold, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided to recommend the name of Khot and Poinguinim MLA Ramesh Tawadkar to its central parliamentary board, which is the final authority to finalize candidate names for the elections.Speaking to mediapersons, leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar said, \"We have not finalized the candidate for Canacona. We decided to send the names of both MLAs from Canacona taluka with a brief note of their positives and negatives. The final decision will be taken by the parliamentary board after taking state party leaders into confidence,\" he said.Sources said the move to recommend Khot's name along with Tawadkar seems to be a delaying tactic to prevent the Canacona MLA from joining the Congress. He also said that all sitting MLAs will be recommended as candidates for party tickets for their respective constituencies.Speaking on the entry of member of parliament Shripad Naik into state politics, Parrikar said that the decision will be taken by the BJP's parliamentary board.He also said that the BJP-MGP alliance will be finalized within the next couple of days.On Thursday, Usgao-based businessman Satyavijay Naik joined the BJP. The party's state unit president Laxmikant Parsekar conducted the induction formalities.\"With Naik joining the party , it has strengthened the BJP in Valpoi constituency,\" he said. After delimitation, around 12,000 voters have been added to Valpoi constituency.Parsekar also said that in the days to come, there will be a few more \"prominent personalities\" who are likely to join the BJP. \"I will try to get maximum votes in Usgao for BJP,\" said Naik, who is also a front-runner for the BJP ticket in Valpoi. \"As Naik has entered the BJP, we will discuss his candidature for Valpoi,\" said Parrikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388771", "title": "Paris Hilton is a huge tomboy", "text": "Paris Hilton is a \"huge tomboy\".The 30-year-old socialite - whose business empire includes ownership of a Moto GP team - is a big fan of many different sports and is an \"amazing\" ice hockey player.She said: \"I've actually always been a huge tomboy. I love watching American football games and I love watching Moto GP, which is why I bought my own team.\"I actually enjoy soccer. I was at the World Cup in South Africa.\"I'm an amazing ice hockey player. As a kid I played softball, I was in the basketball and volleyball teams and I was a cheerleader.\"As well as her love of sports, Paris is also fascinated by cars, but after recently acquiring a rare vehicle, she now plans to auction off one of her others.She told the new issue of FHM magazine: \"I just got a new Ferrari Spider, which I love. I also have a Lexus LFA. They're only making 100. I have the second one in the world. The owner of Lexus [has the first].\"Do you know something? I'm going o auction off one of my Bentleys for charity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11381362", "title": "NRI students donate wheelchair", "text": "MYSORE: Two non-resident Indian teenagers have raised funds and donated a wheelchair for disabled children of Sneha Kiran of Mysore Spastic Society here on Thursday. Sheena Mookerji (14) and Shaunish Mookerji (17), who reside in Atlanta, USA, collected funds by selling handmade jewellery in America and managed to raise $1,500. The two are students of Walton High School in Atlanta.According to a press release by Software Paradigms Infotech (SPI) private limited, the wheelchair was handed over to Sneha Kiran of society president Raghunath on Thursday. Sheena learnt to make jewellery when she was restricted to bed-rest, while recovering from a foot injury.The duo is associated with Sneha Kiran of Mysore for many years in the past and came to know about this centre from their father, Sid Mookerji, CEO and Founder of SPI, who visits Mysore frequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11381259", "title": "\u2018Traffic police need funds, manpower\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Traffic management in the city can be done in a more effective way if the city traffic police gets the required funds and manpower, police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar said here on Thursday.Speaking at a programme to felicitate citizens who have been helping the traffic police in solving traffic problems in the city, Borwankar cited the examples of Bangalore and Delhi where the government is helping the departments with required funds and manpower. The programme was organised as part of the road safety fortnight which is being observed till January 15.Borwankar said in Bangalore, the police have got nearly Rs 124 crore in the last six years for implementing works that help in improving the road traffic conditions. Senior police officials including deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre had visited Bangalore to study the traffic problems and the help that the traffic department receives from the government, she said. \"In Delhi, not only does the government provide all the necessary grants to the traffic department, but it also has a huge manpower.\"\"The entire strength of the traffic police in Delhi is nearly 6,000. In Pune, the strength of the entire city police including that of the traffic branch is 8,000. The city traffic police do not get any grants for traffic improvement. The traffic police come in for criticism, but one has to realise our constraints. Citizens should take up the issues of availability of funds and adequate manpower with all the decision makers such as MLAs, MPs and so on,\" Borwankar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383693", "title": "Congress city president complains about code of conduct violation", "text": "NAGPUR: With over a month left for civic elections, there is some hectic political activity going on in the NMC. Both ruling and opposition parties are not letting go any chance to level allegations against each other.On Thursday, Congress city unit president Jaiprakash Gupta lodged a complaint with state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayana, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and district election officer Saurabh Rao about code of conduct violation by the ruling party office bearers of NMC by giving inducing advertisement containing false and frivolous claim pertaining to 24X7 water supply scheme being implemented under JNNURM project by NMC on January 4 in local newspapers.The model code of conduct for the general elections to NMC has been made effective from January 3 by the state election commission of Maharashtra in which advertisements containing false and frivolous claims of the central government sponsored schemes are banned. But the ruling party has violated the code of conduct by publishing advertisements in newspapers.Moreover, pictures of state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and union urban development minister Kamal Nath have been used to woo voters.Gupta has urged the SEC to give appropriate directions to the concerned authorities in Nagpur to take immediate action into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383550", "title": "Young couple, MRs among 4 dead in mishaps", "text": "NAGPUR: A young unmarried couple in courtship since two years lost their life while on their way to temple at Girad, around 50 kms from Nagpur. The couple came under the rear wheels of a truck near Brahmni railway diversion on Chandrapur road on Thursday afternoon.Vinay Meshram (29) was a marketing manager with a private company while 18-year-old Neelam Verma, a resident of Itwari, had started working as a primary school teacher in a private school just a month ago. The families of both were unaware of their relationship and also of their trip. They were shocked beyond words at its tragic outcome. The family members said both Neelam and Vinay had said they were leaving for their jobs.\"Vinay was my good friend. He and Neelam were very much in love and were to marry in a few months. He had even started building a room at his home at Sahyog Nagar on Naranari road. Though shocking, their deaths shows they were inseparable,\" said a friend.Vinay left home around 11.45 am, kept his bike at his friend's house and took his friend's bike because that gives better mileage. \"He would observe fast every Thursday and sometimes go to Girad to take the blessing of lord. On this fateful day also they were going to Girad but could not reach their destination,\" added the friend.The couple's bike collided head-on with a truck coming to Nagpur from Chandrapur. \"It seems that Vinay veered his bike to avoid collision but still got hit. He lost balance and their bike came under the rear wheels of the truck,\" said ASI Manohar Akote of Butibori police station.Apart from receiving head injuries, both of Vinay's legs were crushed. Neelam too received head injuries. Both died on the spot. Butibori police reached the spot and had a tough time diverting traffic that was blocked for a few hours after the accident.The identity cards and cell phones of the couple helped police contact their family. The truck driver has been booked.In another incident at Saoner on Nagpur-Chindwara road, two medical representatives from Nagpur were killed when tyre of a van burst and vehicle hit the youth's bike near Bhanegaon bus stop on Thursday evening. Kaustubh Peshwe (28) and Ashok Khadse (32) had gone for visit to doctors in Saoner. Peshwe was a resident of Reshimbagh while Khadse, who hails from Wardha, was currently staying as paying guest in New Subhedar Layout in the city.According to police, the van was heading towards Saoner when suddenly its front right tyre burst and the driver lost balance. The matador swerved sideways while the youths going on bike towards Nagpur collided with the vehicle. Both were crushed to death by the vehicle. Though the van's driver escaped with minor injuries, the cleaner, who was thrown out, of the vehicle has been seriously hurt. Saoner police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386265", "title": "Trisha trashes Rana rumours", "text": "The actress says she's been good friends with Rana Daggubati for ten yearsCelebs had their favourite haunts for New Years and actress Trisha was no exception. She and her friends headed out to Goa to ring in 2012. But what got tinseltown buzzing was the fact that Rana Daggubati was also part of her group and rumours abounded that the two were seen cosying up in each other's company.Rana has been linked to Bipasha Basu in recent times and the Bollywood actress even went to Hyderabad to ring in his birthday. However, Rana and Bipasha have maintained that they are just friends who hang out together. So, had he supposedly moved on from Bips?The fact is that Bipasha was also in Goa for the New Year and got together with Rana and the group. When we contacted Trisha about this link-up with the actor, she trashed them saying, \"Rana and I have been friends for 10 years now. He's a great friend and yes, we hang out because of that. We also share a mutual group of friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383824", "title": "Politicians submit code violations against rivals", "text": "MUMBAI: Barely 48 hours after the election Code of Conduct for the municipal polls was put in place, the state Election Commissioner received two complaints for code violations on Thursday. These are the earliest complaints from Mumbai; the first complaint of the state had come from Thane. The EC had on Tuesday declared municipal elections in ten corporations, would be held on February 16.The first complaint in Mumbai was filed by Snehal Jadhav, MNS corporator from ward 184, against Congress MLA from the Wadala-Mahim constituency Kalidas Kolambkar. In her complaint Jadhav claimed that NCP MLA through posters has been announcing a drive to fund jobs for unemployed youth. The drive to \"100% job guarantee to unemployed youth of the area\" was organized on Thursday.\"The MLA literally offered a carrot to the voters of my ward (184) by way of this drive, a clear violation of the code guidelines put in place by the EC. I would like you to find out how the police and the BMC gave permission for such a function even when the code was in place,\" said Jadhav in her letter to the EC. But Kolambkar said the program was conducted under the aegis of an NGO.The second complaint was filed through proxy by Shiv Sena corporator from Worli Jagdish Sawant against state housing minister Sachin Ahir. In the complaint filed by the shakha pramukh of ward 190, where Sawant is the corporator, it is claimed that Ahir had violated the EC guidelines by publicly issuing an ahaval (a report card of work done). \"We asked the shakha pramukh to lodge a complaint,\" said Sawant. The EC, however, was unable to confirm until late in the evening if its offices did receive a copy of the two complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11384146", "title": "EC raids health department over recruitment drive", "text": "PANAJI: The chief electoral office's (CEO) flying squad on Thursday raided the directorate of health services and found 18 letters of acceptance from successful job candidates. Sources in the CEO said at least two officers are likely to be suspended for violating the election code of conduct.Speaking to media persons district election officer Mihir Vardhan said that on receiving information from the CEO they dispatched the flying squad to the health department. \"The squad also found offers of appointment issued earlier,\" he added.Vardhan said it appears that the health department had not instructed its staff not to receive acceptance letters. The flying squad found that the inward section was involved in receiving the acceptance letters.He stated even a signboard stating that the department had stopped receiving acceptance letters due to model code of conduct is in force was not displayed. He added that the raid's report will be sent to CEO and that further investigation would be required to ascertain whether it is a violation of the model code of conduct. \"We have to go into the details. This is the factual position,\" he said.Vardhan also said if the election commission wants them to investigate further it would be done. \"We will also seek a detailed report from the health department on this matter,\" he added.In another development, the CEO has sought a report from various departments with regard to the complaint filed by the BJP on violations of the model code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11383510", "title": "Bidve parents in Britain, plead for safety of students", "text": "LONDON: Britain on Thursday promised \"full investigation\" into the killing of Indian student Anuj Bidve, whose distraught parents viewed his body for the first time at a funeral parlour in London, more than a week after the apparent hate crime.Subhash Bidve, father of 23-year-old Anuj, arrived in London last evening along with wife Yogini and the victim's brother-in-law Rakesh Sonawane. They will visit the site of the December 26 gruesome crime in Salford on Friday morning.After their arrival here, they viewed the victim's body and met with Indian-origin Labour MP Keith Vaz in Parliament. Vaz, the chairman of House of Commons home affairs parliamentary said he will \"certainly ask for a full investigation into the circumstances of the murder\" once the criminal proceedings are over.Fighting back tears, Subhash said, \"Thank you to everyone for the concern that everyone has about our son Anuj. It was really unfortunate that I lost my son, but I feel as a father that this should not happen again because a lot of Indian students come here for their education and they return to their countries.\"The Bidve family will return to London on Friday after praying at the crime spot. They are also expected to visit Lancaster University, where 23-year-old Anuj was a postgraduate student of Microelectronics.UK varsities try to control damageUniversities UK, the representative body of varsities in the UK, has sought to reassure Indian and other international students that the country is \"safe and tolerant\" with low levels of violence and street crime.Expressing sadness at killing of Anuj Bidve, Eric Thomas, president of Universities UK, said that such incidents were rare in UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "11388730", "title": "Shutdown in Kashmir to protest killing over power shortage", "text": "JAMMU: Shops and other business establishments remained closed on Friday across Kashmir following a protest call against the killing of a student by the Central Industrial Security Forces (CISF) over power shortage in the valley.While public transport remained off the road , private transport plied normally. The government offices also recorded thin attendance due bad weather and the shutdown, reports said.12th class student Altaf Ahmad Sood was killed when Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) guards fired at people who had gathered outside an NHPC hydel power plant at Boniyar on Monday last, protesting against poor power supply in the area. J&K; Police arrested five CISF men for murder.On Friday, the J&K; police held chairman of one of the factions of Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) Yasin Malik near Lal Chowk when he was trying to hold a demonstration against the killing of the student. The JKLF leader was however released later, police said.The Kashmir Economic Alliance (KEA), a representative body of various trade, industry and tourism groups in Kashmir, had on Tuesday appealed to people to observe complete shut down across the valley on January 6, 2012 against the power crisis and the the killing of the student by the CISF men .Chairman KEA, Muhammad Yaseen Khan in a press conference said that the government was shifting its responsibility to people and even blaming consumers for transmission and distribution losses of 60%. \"They should improve the corrupt system and ensure the smooth power supply to the people who pay tariff,\" Khan said.\"The January 6 shut down would be a tribute to the class 12 student, who was killed by the CISF without any reason,\" chairman KEA Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382400", "title": "Dior shoes to Gucci bibs, it's all child's play", "text": "MUMBAI: Rakesh Bhavnani can identify the make of each car as it whizzes past him and he is just 10. Bhavnani is the reality of most modern, mall-frequenting, Blackberry-sporting kids to whom market forces increasingly dictate the curriculum. Teachers are walking kids through the supermarket to tell them the difference between a grape and an apple and pre-schoolers are being taken to malls the way their parents would be taken to the zoo for an excursion. In addition, companies are entering school premises to build loyalties.So toddlers not just know their brands, but uninhibitedly revel in consumerism. For instance, six-year-old Kia has only just learnt to tell the time. But ask her, pretty as a picture in her pink Baby Christian Dior jacket, about the difference between Fendi and Louis Vuitton and she will put a fashionista to shame. Kia is not the only designer toddler around - from Fendi strollers that cost up to a lakh to Gubibs that require a cough-up of five-digit figures, these kids are mini clothes-hangers for haute couture.It might seem absurd to tog up mewling babes in brands, but for parents who have loose change in hand, there's nothing to it. \"The clothes of high-end brands are made of very soft fabric that doesn't irritate the baby's body, the monogram is for the mother's entertainment and to show off at birthday dos,\" says Khar mom Poonam Singh, as her five-month-old dangles little feet in Dior shoes with flowing pink ribbons.As Indian parents slowly morph their poppets into copycats of child sartorial icon Suri Cruise , the bambino sections at stores have become plumper. High-end international brands are opening toddler sections in India and giving a whole new meaning to \"pester power\".A 35-year-old mother from Andheri recalls how her five-year-old daughter asked her to buy Dettol instead of Savlon, as Dettol killed 99.99% germs as opposed to the latter's promised 99%. \"Factors like nuclear families, dual incomes, less time to spend with children are contributing to the new role kids are playing in influencing their families' buying decisions,\" says Anna Bredemeyer, vice-president marketing, High Street Phoenix , which has specialized kids' retail stores such as Chicco, Hamley's, Burberry Kids &amp; Mother Care. Bredemeyer has met parents who walk into stores to buy suits for their 10-year-olds \"though the brand didn't cater to young adults\".Kavita Shivdasani, who runs an outdoor class for kids, says most children in the age group of 8 to 13 who come to the class own expensive cellphones. Shivdasani, who asks them to switch off their phones and hand them over during class, recalls, \"Once I was holding an armful of cellphones which would collectively have been worth over Rs 2 lakh.\"It's not just branded products that children are conscious of. If the words 'birthday party' evoke the image of a homemade cake decorated with gems, we hope it's a black-and-white image. Not only has the birthday party long moved out of drawing rooms to five-star-hotel rooftops, it has spawned an industry catering to every whim and fancy of mommy and daddy's darling. From elaborate invitations (one had a 24K gold coin embossed) to hiring art directors from Bollywood to put up a themed set, flush parents are pulling out all stops to make sure each birthday celebration is nothing short of a mini-wedding. Event managers and party planners are working overtime to come up with newer and zanier ideas to satisfy their junior clientele. \"The scale of the party is directly proportionate to how much parents are willing to spend. It could be a few lakhs or a crore,'' says the coordinator of a Mumbai event management agency that organises Bollywood stage shows and awards functions and recently forayed into birthday bashes.The mother of a 12-year-old once approached psychologist Seema Hingorrany as her son demanded \"branded underpants.\" Hingorrany was amazed at the kid's reasoning. \"It's made of cotton, it's healthy and will show when I wear low-waist jeans.\" Another woman, who'd just lost her husband, approached Hingorrany as her son wanted to treat his friends to an expensive lunch on his birthday.In some cases, parents are far stronger influences than schools. \"It's the bid to outdo each other as far as mothers are concerned,\" says event manager Dhawal Oza. Though some schools discourage ostentatious birthday parties and return gifts, few kids in urban India can imagine birthdays without gifts or return gifts. That's why you have birthday parties like the one held for a five-year-old in South Mumbai where every kid went home with a Blackberry .\"Parents' attitude plays a role in the hypnosis. 'Who needs a Mercedes when we can have a Lamborgini or a Ferrari?' seems to be the attitude now,\" says ad guru Alyque Padamsee, adding, \"It's not a western concept. At Indian weddings, everything was always 'izzat ka sawaal'. Now it extends to daily life. The more expensive your car, the more 'izzat' you get.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "11382010", "title": "Woman loses twins due to docs 'negligence'", "text": "MANSA: The alleged negligence of the health authorities and incompetence in dealing with delivery cases has cost a couple their twins. While one newborn died soon after delivery at the civil hospital in Mansa, the second died in the womb. After the first delivery, doctors on duty referred the mother, midway through the delivery, to \"any other big hospital.\" The second baby died on the way when the mother was being rushed to another hospital.The callousness of the health authorities was apparent with the Mansa CMO Dr Surinderpal Singh stating that there seems to be no negligence on the part of the doctors in the case even before any report had been submitted to him.Sukhpal Kaur, the wife of Satpal Singh, a poor labourer of village Pakho, was getting treatment from a health centre in Joga. But when on Wednesday Sukhpal went into labour, she was referred to the Mansa civil hospital from there.\"My wife was carrying twins. When the first baby was delivered the doctors messed up. My newly born daughter died after some time and the doctors on duty referred my wife to a higher institute even as she was midway through the second delivery,\" said Satpal Singh.What is baffling is that the doctors referred the woman to another institute midway through the delivery. \"We were asked to my wife elsewhere when she was in utter pain. We somehow managed to get her to another hospital but both the babies had died by then. My wife is lucky to be alive,\" wept the poor man who would have been a father if the babies had survived.Mansa CMO Dr Surinderpal Singh said, \"Though there seems to be no negligence but not taking any chances I have sought a detailed report from the SMO\". He said in case of one of the babies it was an intra-uterus death (IUD). He said, the doctor on duty not taking any chances had asked the family to take Sukhpal to some advanced institute for the delivery of the second baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11387817", "title": "Leona Lewis more talented than chart rivals", "text": "Leona Lewis thinks reality TV singers are \"more talented\" than other artists.The 'Bleeding Love' hitmaker - who shot to fame after winning the UK version of 'The X Factor' in 2006 - believes contestants in star-search shows have to rely more heavily on their natural abilities than their chart rivals, who can use auto-tune and other studio trickery on their vocals.She said: \"Because my first single, 'Bleeding Love', did so well - it went number one in, like, 30 different countries - I've proved myself not to be a sell-out. And people see me on the show, where people are singing live; there's no miming like you see so many artists now doing on TV shows. You're out there in front of so many people and there's so much pressure.\"So in all honesty, a lot of reality-show musicians are more talented than the artists who are actually out right now. There's no Auto-Tune, no nothing. It's all raw, genuine, so a lot of the people are actually very, very talented.\"Leona also admitted she feels \"lucky\" to have kept the support of Simon Cowell , who was her mentor on the show.She added in an interview with Time Out Dubai magazine: \"I feel lucky that he actually likes me. We've worked quite closely together since the show; I'm signed to his record company. He's cool offstage. We've always got along; he's always been a real supporter of me and my music. Everything happens so fast: One minute no one knows you, the next minute 13 million people in the UK are seeing you on TV. It's crazy.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11382854", "title": "Gujarat sees substantial dip in electorate", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The \"summary revision\" of electoral rolls, which ended on Thursday, has found that the total number of electorate in Gujarat has reduced by 10 lakh voters in just a year.\"While the final data remains to be published, early results suggest that Gujarat's total 18 plus voters, as on January 1, 2012, are 3.66 crore, as against 3.76 crore exactly a year ago,\" sources in the Election Commission of India (ECI) office in Gandhinagar said.As per the break-up provided by sources, while 17.3 lakh new voters were registered, more than 27 lakh voters were deleted. \"The reason could be either the voter is dead, or has migrated to some other place,\" a senior official said, adding that, \"The highest number of voters were deleted in two districts - Ahmedabad and Surat.\"When contacted, Anita Karwal, chief electoral officer, Gujarat state, said: \"We can safely say that, with the latest revision, the integrity of the electoral roll has gone up.\" At the same time, ECI officials admitted that a large number of voters in the age group of 18 to 20, especially women, are still left out. \"A ten-day campaign has been launched, starting on Thursday, to register voters between 18 and 20 years of age. Female registration would be the focus,\" Karwal said, adding, \"We are employing the services of anganwadi workers.\"The reason behind launching the campaign to enroll women who have just acquired adulthood is that both in rural and urban areas, they do not get themselves registered in the electoral following marriage. \"Currently, male-female ratio in the state's electoral list is 910 females against 1,000 males. However, the census figures are higher - 918 females to 1,000 males,\" the official said.The ECI decided to go in for an intensive house-to-house campaign across the state after it found that 63 per cent of the state's population is on the electoral list. Finding this \"abnormally high,\" ECI took a conscious decision to delete those who do not live permanently at their place of residence. \"Census figures suggest that 60 percent of the state's population is over 18 years of age. With the revised electoral roll, we have 59.5 per cent of population as voters,\" the official clarified.Meanwhile, ECI has decided to open Voter Facilitation Centre (VFC) across Gujarat.To be placed in the state's district-level Jan Seva Kendras starting on April 2, ECI has decided to begin a pilot project in Ahmedabad and Sabarkantha districts starting on January 25, which is the national voters' day. At VFC, any voter can apply for and obtain any of the election-related services, ranging from registration to obtaining electoral photo identity card ( EPIC), and change in name and address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11376599", "title": "Bipashu Basu to marry by end of 2012?", "text": "On the eve of her 33rd birthday, we 'figure' out what's in store for Bipasha Basu in 2012.Back to her 'singularity', this sexy siren needs no introduction. On the eve of her 33rd birthday, we 'figure' out what's in store for Bipasha Basu.\"Bips was born on 7th January 1979. So primarily she is ruled by Number 7 (Ketu), Number 8 (Saturn - Capricorn) and her destiny number also adds up to Number 7. Since she is ruled by Number 7, she is automatically ruled by Number 2 (Moon) as Numbers 2 and 7 always go hand in hand. In this case, she is ruled by this number twice\", explains Bhavikk.\"Bipasha now enters the 34th year of her life, which indicates marriage in BLOCK LETTERS in her chart. Just like her ex-beau John Abraham , she might also take the plunge and walk down the aisle by end of this year as she is likely to meet her Mr.Right by mid 2012\", predicts Bhavikk on a serious note.\"Even on the film front, things are looking up for Bips as her work in 'Players' and her international project 'Singularity' will be highly acclaimed. But it will be 'Raaz 3' and 'Race 2' which will not only give her appreciation for her work, but will also ensure commercial success\".\"Wearing a Cat's Eye on a Thursday midnight set in silver on her smallest finger will help her ward off negativity (read people) and ill vibes (energy) around her which she is so much surrounded with\", advices Bhavikk strongly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11383405", "title": "Heart patient dies in cold outside LLR Hospital ward", "text": "KANPUR: A 78-year-old heart patient died outside the medicine ward of Lala Lajpt Rai Hospital on Thursday because of unavailability of bed inside the ward.According to the ward patients, the old man requested the doctors for readmitting him in the hospital but no one paid heed. The patient died of exposure to cold as he spent the night outside the ward.On January 2, the Kotwali police admitted the abandon old man suffering from heart ailment to LLR. The patient was being treated by Dr Iqbal Ahmed.The man went out to enjoy sunshine on Wednesday morning. When the doctors came on round and found him missing from bed, they informed the police.\"The old man came back around 5pm and saw another patient sleeping on his bed. When he contacted the ward authorities, the nurses and other staffers said that they will not allow him to sleep on the bed. Even the doctor didn't readmit him,\" said a staffer.The patient was forced to sleep on the floor outside the ward. When the sweeper asked him to get up on Thursday morning, the man gave no response. He was declared dead by the doctors.Dr CS Singh, chief medical superintendent of LLR Hospital said that the man had died due to cold. \"I will look into the matter and the guilty persons would be punished,\" Dr Singh added.TOI contacted patients to know whether they are getting blankets in the hospital or not. The scene was quiet agonizing in most of the wards, including medicine, orthopaedic and ENT. More than 50 per cent of the beds were occupied by two patients and they were sharing a blanket which was insufficient to beat cold.\"The patients are struggling without blankets. The plight of these patients did not force the authorities to improve the situation,\" said an attendant. \"It is the duty of the hospital to provide blankets to the patients,\" he added.Dr Singh said that the bed problem is not new for the LLR hospital. The number of patients increase in winters and it is difficult to manage things due to limited facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386299", "title": "Kareena Kapoor is unaffected by her stardom: Imran Khan", "text": "Actor Imran Khan who is all set to play a tragic character in his next film Ek Main Aur Ekk Tuis all praise of his co-star Kareena Kapoor . \"The best thing about her is that she is unaffected by her stardom.She is the biggest star in the country, she is stunning and beautiful and yet she doesn't carry the star baggage with her. She is very casual, she used to come on the sets in chapels, very relaxed and chat with everybody,\" gushes Imran.His character Rahul is different from his real-life persona. \"My character in the film is much more of an introvert, he does what his parents want him to do. His parents decide his hobbies as well. It's more of a coming of age story and he is quite sad and lonely, pretty much an introvert.He has never done anything all by himself. The character is quite different from me,\" he shares. Asked why he always maintained that the film belongs to Kareena and he says, \" As it was written keeping her in mind\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11383345", "title": "Two labourers die, three hurt in explosion", "text": "VARANASI: Two labourers died and three others suffered serious injuries in an explosion that took place in a mining site at Baridala, under Dala police outpost in Sonebhadra district, on Thursday.Some labourers were filling explosives in a hole around 11am. During the process, a loud explosion took place, which was heard several kilometres away. Two labourers identified as Rambaran (42) and Manohar (40), natives of Obra, died in the explosion.Three labourers identified as Shiv Balak Kole of Chakaria, Ram Lallu Singh of Basania and Basant Lal of Kanach suffered serious injuries. They were rushed to the district hospital.Woman dies: Rita Devi (28), a resident of Bagisoti, under Kone police station in Sonebhadra, died when a high tension power cable fell on her near her residence on Thursday. She died on the spot.Illicit liquor unit unearthed: The Sonebhadra police unearthed an illicit liquor manufacturing unit in Ambedkar Nagar locality, under Shaktinagar police station, on Wednesday night.During a vehicle checking drive, the Shaktinagar cops caught a liquor laden jeep. The cops arrested two persons identified as Udaychand Prajapati and Manoj Vishwakarma of MP sitting in the vehicle. During investigations, it came to light that the liquor was procured from an illicit liquor manufacturing unit.The cops raided the house of one Dinesh Kumar Gupta in Ambedkar Nagar locality. Gupta managed to escape. The police recovered huge quantity of spirit, illicit liquor, packaging material, including wrappers and bottles from the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382859", "title": "Did cops help Labdhi Shah? DGP orders probe to find out", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The in-charge Director General of Police, Chittaranjan Singh, has ordered an inquiry into the goof-ups committed by Vastrapur police officials in connection with the road accident that took place in the wee hours of January 1. A youth, Gaurav Rajyaguru, was mowed down by a 19-year-old girl Labdhi Shah who was driving a car. The incident took place in Drive-In road.The DGP has ordered that the sub-inspector who allowed Labdhi to be taken to a private hospital should be put under the scanner, and the inquiry should unearth his role in this incident. The investigation has been handed over to a police inspector.After the incident when Labdhi was brought to the Vastrapur police station, the officer on duty should have taken her custody. According to the norms, the officer should have then taken the girl to a government hospital for treatment and blood test. The test results would be essential to ascertain whether she had consumed alcohol before the incident took place.The Vastrapur cop, instead, handed over custody of the girl to her father and allowed him to get her treated at a private hospital. Moreover, her blood sample too was collected by the doctors of this private hospital. \"This blood sample has no legal status since it was collected in a private hospital. In government hospitals, specific norms have to be followed for such samples to be allowed as evidence in a legal trial,\" said a senior city police official.Upon her arrest on January 1, Labdhi claimed that she had no role to play in the accident. \"She insisted that her car had been hit by a black car which threw her vehicle out of control. She had also said that the same black car had hit the biker and killed him,\" said a police official.However, CCTV cameras in the Himalaya Mall had recorded the whole accident. The video recordings prove that it was Labdhi's car that was responsible for the accident. The DGP has also directed that the video footage be sent to the FSL for analysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372588", "title": "Sunny Leone to bare it all for Jism 2", "text": "Mahesh and Pooja Bhatt want the adult film actress to shed her clothes for the opening scene of the forthcoming venture; a sequel to the 2003 hit erotic thriller starring John and BipashaShe became the most searched name on the Internet with her entry into Bigg Boss 5. And now, international adult film actress Sunny Leone might just appear on the silver screen, the way she appeared in all those search results. Mumbai Mirror spotted Pooja Bhatt explaining Sunny her introduction scene in Jism 2, the sequel to the 2003 erotic thriller Jism, in a Colaba 5-star recently. And the 'explanation' could be summed up in just one word - nudity.Cashing in on her 'porn star' status, Pooja wants Sunny to pose nude for her upcoming project. And on Tuesday afternoon, the filmmaker and her father Mahesh Bhatt carried pictures to demonstrate how exactly they wanted Sunny to feature in the opening scene of the film.Mumbai Mirror found out that Pooja's company, Fisheye Network has done a photo shoot with an unidentified model in the nude (as seen in the picture) lying down under transparent sheets. According to the filmmakers, this picture, eventually shot with Sunny will become the first look of the film.Father and daughter Bhatt were seen having a rather animated conversation with Sunny, with the elder Bhatt explaining (rather loudly) the scenes and the script. Sunny, too, looked rather excited about the project.Though Sunny has no qualms about shedding clothes, as she recently told in an interview with Mirror, the actress has still not signed the film. \"The contract is being readied. The modalities are being fast worked out. So far so good. Pooja and Sunny are on the same page,\" said Mahesh Bhatt.And just in case Sunny fails to be a part of the project, according to sources in the industry, Mallika Sherawat is the second choice for the filmmaker.A source close to the film told Mumbai Mirror, \"The Jism poster with Bipasha Basu's honey coated legs became the talk of the town nine years ago. The poster of Jism 2 has been readied. The final poster will be readied with the actress who eventually signs the film.\"Meanwhile, Pooja has shown the current poster to many A-list stars in film business. \"They were stunned by the aesthetics and sheer audacity of the design,\" revealed the source.When contacted, Pooja said, \"There is no reason why any actress under the sun should be apprehensive about a sequel to Jism or a design as path breaking as this. They would be in the best hands, creatively and aesthetically.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11383846", "title": "State EC seeks municipal commissioner\u2019s report", "text": "PUNE: The state election commission on Thursday asked municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak to submit a report on the alleged violation of the election code of conduct by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on January 3 when he performed the bhoomipuja of a flyover in Shivajinagar after the code came into force.\"I have asked the municipal commissioner of Pune to look into the facts of the matter,\" Neela Satyanarayan, state election commissioner, said during a media briefing in Mumbai on Thursday.\"We have received a communication from the election commission. We are looking into it and scrutinizing the facts,\" Pathak told TOI. He said that those connected will be asked to present their side. A report based on facts will then be sent to the election office.The city unit of Shiv Sena on Wednesday had lodged a complaint with the civic chief demanding action against Pawar for violating the code. \"The code of conduct came into effect on Tuesday after the announcement of the date of the civic election for the city around 3 pm. Pawar performed a bhoomipuja (ground-breaking ceremony) for a flyover near College of Engineering Pune in Shivajinagar area, after the announcement,\" Shiv Sena leader Shyam Deshpande has said in the complaint. Any programme like the inauguration of a public utility or a ground-breaking ceremony which can influence voters, is a violation of the election code of conduct. The Nationalist Congress Party spokesperson Auksuh Kakade said, \"I am not aware of any such directions given by the state election commissioner.\"The election office in the civic body looks after issues of code of conduct in the city. \"After implementation of the code we removed nearly 10,000 hoardings and banners of political parties. They include flex boards,\" Ramesh Shelar, a civic official, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11381806", "title": "International opportunities for Goan business", "text": "PANAJI: An opportunity for creating international joint ventures, partnerships and enhancing trade beckons Goan businesses.For the first time, Goan businesses will be able to participate in 'Indiallia', an international business development forum organized by the All India Association of Industries (AIAI) and the World Trade Centre, Mumbai, in association with French-based company Futurallia.With the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Gentering into an MOU with the AIAI, the GCCI has managed to get a slot for Goan businesses at the two-day business forum which commences on April 23.\"We are only facilitators,\" GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar told TOI.He said that the GCCI will accommodate a maximum of 20 companies on a first-come-first-serve basis.Those interested in attending the forum will have to prepare a profile of their company. The profile will then be matched with those of international suitors and a series of 12 one-to-one 30-minute meetings for closing deals and business alliances will be scheduled.Legal advice on international laws that may come into play for closing trade deals will also be provided.Delegates from 600 companies spanning 30 countries are expected to attend 'Indiallia'.Pai Raikar said, \"There are western companies that have developed sophisticated technology. Due to high production costs abroad, these firms are looking for joint ventures with companies in developing countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11383991", "title": "Gita to be part of school curriculum", "text": "BHOPAL: The decision to include Gita in school's Hindi text books of classes one to twelve was finalised at a meeting held at the MP board of Secondary Education on Thursday.On November 30, the committee that finalises the textbook of government schools, 'Pathyacharya Samiti,' passed a resolution on the inclusion of verses from the Gita and its teachings and philosophy in the school curriculum of classes nine to twelve.At Thursday's meeting chaired by secretary MP Board Kedar Sharma, it was decided that in standards one to three there would be pictorial representations of Gita's teachings while from standard four onwards, the philosophical teachings would be in the form of stories, autobiography, one act-play and essays.The teachings of Gita would be incorporated in the Hindi syllabus on topics like workmanship, art of living, unification of the mind, Gita and 'swadharma' among others.The Chief Minister had announced at a function held in Indore that Gita would introduced in school curriculum.Rashtriya Secular Manch and Harmony Foundation had organized a meeting of intellectuals and representatives of the faith based organizations in Gandhi Bhavan after the controversial statement of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan that Bhagvat Gita would be taught to all school children irrespective of personal choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386276", "title": "I wish I was in Billa 2: Namitha", "text": "Namitha also dismisses rumours that she's seeing a lawyerNamitha has been a busy actress, with multiple projects in Kannada and Telugu. But, quiz her whether she misses out being part of Billa 2, since she did garner some rave reviews in the first part of the franchise, and she says, \"I did wish I was in Billa 2 at times. Being a part of Billa was good. I know that the team is different here, but it would have been nice to be part of the sequel.\"The actress, who will be busy with judging a reality dance show on television and a few stage performances, will begin work on a few projects in Tamil soon. \"There are a few projects slated to take off early in February, but it's too early to discuss them,\" she says. Ask her about her latest link-up to a lawyer in Mumbai and she laughs, \"What lawyer? All the lawyers I know are my dad's associates, which means they're older men. I don't know a single young, happening lawyer.\"And she goes on to add the favourite line of most actors, \"Yes, I'm single and would very much like to mingle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382806", "title": "Expert advise for Jagan MLAs?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The pro-Jagan Congress MLAs are reportedly being advised by a former speaker of Karnataka because of which the office of Nadendla Manohar wants to be extra careful in dealing with the disqualification notices, sources said.For example, Rayadurg MLA Kapu Ramachandra Reddy first announced that he did not receive the party whip. However, upon enquiries, the speaker's office learnt that the whip notice was actually pasted on the front door of the MLA's residence when he was not available. However, on the insistence of the MLA, the Congress legislature party issued him a fresh copy of the whip. Ramachandra Reddy then sought a fresh notice from the speaker.\"Likewise, Prajarajyam MLA Shobha Nagi Reddy first claimed that the party whip was not applicable to her, later she resigned on her own, and now, she has submitted a detailed reply to the disqualification notice. They are being guided by some experienced people. So, the speaker has decided to take extra precautions so that his decision would not invite legal review,\" said the sources.All the 17 rebel Congress MLAs have been directed by the speaker's office to appear before Manohar personally between January 18 and 21. Notices were issued to the legislators to this effect on Thursday.As per the schedule, Shoba Nagi Reddy and K Ramachandra Reddy will have to meet the speaker on January 18 and Amaranath Reddy, Srikanth Reddy, D Krishnadas, G Baburao, Konda Sureka and B Srinivasa Reddy have been given appointments for the next day.On January 20, Gurunatha Reddy, Chenna Kesava Reddy, Mekapati Chandrasekar Reddy, Prasada Raju, Pilli Subhash Chandra Bose and Sucharita will meet the Speaker while on January 21, it will be P Ramakrishna Reddy, P Balaraju and B Srinivasulu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382202", "title": "Inflated water bills flood denizens", "text": "HYDERABAD: In just 48 hours after the new tariff came into force, over 3,000 calls landed at the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board's 24X7 call centre (155313) complaining about the inflated water bills. With the outcry from customers, the Water Board has gone into damage control and posted staff to clarify doubts of the aggrieved citizens.As the Water Board started issuing bills from January 2, the round-the-clock metro customer care (MCC) 155313 has been flooded with calls on the new tariff. Apart from the call centre, customers have been venting their ire by posting comments on its Facebook interface too.Most customers are anguished with the Water Board. Their anguish is not about the tariff hike, but their argument is \"why should we pay hefty bills when we are not getting even minimum water supply\".According to the Water Board officials, there are 7.80 lakh customers in the city. And most of them were sent the revised tariff in the form on SMSs. Trouble started when the customers discovered that their monthly water bill nearly doubled or was hiked by over 200%.\"On January 3, a day after the shocking SMSs were sent, MCC staff received 1,450 calls and of them 580 were pertaining to tariff hike alone. On January 4, the number swelled to 2,049 calls and of which, 1,229 were related to water tariff queries,\" HMWS&SB; general manager-IT, M Rajasekhara Reddy told TOI.\"We have given revised tariff statement to operators to clarify callers' doubts,\" he added.\"For every 10 calls, seven are related to queries on tariff. Though the helpline is basically to redress water and sewerage grievances, we are being bombarded with queries on the revised tariff and inflated bills,\" MCC in-charge R Naresh saidTo shore up its coffers, the Water Board seems to have found a new way to fleece consumers. It has bracketed domestic connections with commercial ones and has sent outrageously inflated bills. \"We don't know whether this is a deliberate move or some technical glitch,\" M Govind Reddy, a customer from Narayanguda, said.\"Till now, we used to get a monthly bill of around Rs 140. Now, we are being asked to cough up Rs 420. Even as per the new tariff structure, we shoudn't be getting so much. Board officials should immediately rectify this and despatch the correct bill,\" he added.Another customer and resident of Ayodhya Nagar (Nallagutta) S Bhaskar Rao called up the MCC and enquired about the water bill. \"I used to pay Rs 400 per month. Now, the new SMS says I have to pay Rs 905. The Water Board reduced supply from two hours to one hour, but double my bill. This is unfair,\" he lamentedSoma Sunderam, posted his comment on Facebook (stating, \"It is very sad to see such a steep hike in water charges, which is very bad as the drinking water is supplied only for two hours, that too every alternate day, but still for commercial category, its (sic) charged Rs 450 as minimum which is very high.\"Another Board official said the bulk of calls have been from apartment dwellers.The Board has been issuing water bills to apartments (which have not paid connection charges) as per individual house water tariff.\"We are clarifying their doubts by explaining the charges,\" he added. Citizens claim the Board was resorting to ingenious ways of fleecing customers to stay afloat, but was allowing government departments and corporations to bleed it.\"They hope the Water Board would now at least serve customers who fill its coffers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383783", "title": "HC adjourns plea on Zilla Parishad polls", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Thursday adjourned the final hearing on a plea by a Zilla Parishad member challenging cancellation of reservations in various constituencies for the ZP and Panchayat Samiti (PS) polls.A division bench comprising justices PB Majumdar and Ashok Bhangale took this decision after government pleader Nitin Sambre informed the court that principal bench at Bombay had refused to stay the polls of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation while hearing a similar petition.The judges then asked the government to place the Bombay HC order before them, and fixed the next date of hearing as Monday.Two petitioners, Devendra Godbole, ZP member from Mouda Babdeo in Nagpur, and Sanjay Jagtap had moved the HC demanding conduct of ZP polls on 2011 census data instead of 2001 figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11381408", "title": "Scramble to adopt green anacondas", "text": "MYSORE: Animal lovers willing to adopt green anacondas, a unique reptile, should be lucky to get one for adoption because the zoo is flooded with applications from prospective adopters.This has put zoo authorities in a difficult situation as they had to shortlist from a number of applicants. Owing to increased enquiries of probable adopters, authorities are now asking them to submit applications at the zoo office. However, the zoo is yet to decide how to choose adopters from applicants.Meanwhile, a source claimed that one anaconda is reserved for forest minister C P Yogeshwar. The minister had expressed his desire to adopt one reptile among the five, which were received here from a Sri Lankan zoo during his recent visit.The cold-blooded reptiles have lived up to all the hype surrounding it. Despite the zoo fixing a high price of Rs 10,000 per anconda, the zoo is receiving enquiries regularly. Zoo deputy director Vijaykumar told TOI that a section of people had expressed their desire to adopt the anacondas at even higher prices and were ready to pay Rs 50,000 toward adoption. Now, the adoption fee is fixed at Rs 10,000 and they are getting applications for adoption.Zoo officials say the reptiles grow up to 30ft (almost 9 metres) and weigh more than 550 pounds (227kg) and measure more than 12 inches (30cm) in diameter. It'll take some six months to see the change in them, they added. Females are significantly larger than males. Their lifespan in the wild is about 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11381689", "title": "Country short of town planners: Meshram", "text": "MYSORE: India hardly has 4,000 qualified town planners available. By 2051, the population of the country will increase to 2018 million, comprising urban population of 827 million, putting the country at a critical threshold, said D S Meshram, president of Institute of Town Planners, India (ITPI) here in Mysore on Wednesday.He was briefing reporters about the three-day 60th National Town and Country Planners Congress conference, which will be held at Senate Bhavan, Manasagangothri in the city from Friday. The conference is organized by ITPI, New Delhi.According to the committee of experts in 'Town Planning and Architecture for Policy Guidelines to Energies Architecture and Town Planning Education' constituted by the ministry of human resource development, Government of India, there is a need for three lakh planners by 2032, said Meshram. A total of 15,000 planners need to be trained every year at different levels, but there are hardly 16 educational institutions in the country, producing around 600 graduates per year, he added.Introduction of undergraduate town planning courses in more institutions and increase in the intake of admissions is required, he stated. Over 300 delegates, including officers of local bodies, development authorities and NGOs from different parts of country are expected to take part in the conference.The objective of ITPI is to promote and inculcate awareness about urban and regional planning, its application in the changing scenario of towns and cities, said Pradeep Kapoor, Secretary General of ITPI to reporters.Meanwhile, Karnataka State Open University vice-chancellor K S Rangappa said that Karnataka State Open University entered a memorandum of understanding with ITPI. It will begin a two-year postgraduate Master of Planning course from this year. Candidates holding Bachelor of Engineering (civil engineering), Master of Arts in geography, economics or some other subjects in arts stream.The decision to start this postgraduate course was taken after receiving a proposal from ITPI and to facilitate candidates, who can't pursue regular courses in colleges.The conference will be inaugurated on January 6 at 11.30am by governor H R Bhardwaj. Minister for urban development S Sursesh Kumar will be the guest of honour. The theme of the conference is 'Planning and Development 2025: Challenges and Reforms'. Sub themes of the conference are planning process and strategies, planning education and research, regulatory framework and some other topics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11380421", "title": "J&K; youth held for forging documents to get into NDA", "text": "PUNE: In a first incident of its kind, an 18-year-old youth from Jammu &amp; Kashmir was arrested by the police for allegedly producing forged documents in an attempt to join the prestigious National Defence Academy (NDA), Khadakwasla, near here.The youth, Anmol Vanotra alias Sharma, who hails from Kathua district in the Jammu region, reported to the academy for training on December 30.He allegedly submitted a forged joining instruction in his bid to get into the air force wing of the academy's 127th course (spring term).The matter came to light during a roll call exercise when the NDA officials realised that they had one cadet in excess of the list of cadets who were to be inducted for the course. Anmol's name did not figure in the list and a verification of his documents revealed the alleged forgery.An NDA official, who did not wish to be named, told TOI, \"The process for allotment of squadrons, where the cadets stay during their three-year training at the academy, induction kits and academy numbers, is currently under way for the 127th course.\"The NDA authorities have since handed over Anmol to the Warje Malwadi police. A complaint of cheating and forgery was lodged in this connection. On Thursday, the police produced Anmol in the court of judicial magistrate first class H U Joshi, who ordered his police custody remand till January 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "q", "code": "11383154", "title": "\u2018Food Security Bill is somewhat defective\u2019", "text": "Q: Is food security just a concept or is achievable? A: Of course it is attainable. There are three main issues. First is availability of food in the market. For which farmers have to produce more. Second is access to food, whether one has the money to buy it. That's what the (food security) Bill aims to achieve. Third is absorption of food in the body, which is a function of clean drinking water. Drinking water is the most important component. That is why Rajiv Gandhi Water Mission, Total Sanitation Mission and National Rural Health Mission should be brought together under the food security Act. Otherwise, the child may eat a lot but, what we call leaky pot, yet not absorb the food.Q: What should be the approach to ensure food for all? A: One is the conception to cremation lifecycle approach. That is why there are different programmes such as the school meal programme, programmes for pregnant women and so on to feed right from conception stage to death. We have to enlarge the food basket through the public distribution system. Not only wheat and rice but nutria-millets such as jowar, ragi, bajra, madua should be included in the PDS. In China, out of over 500 million tones food grains, 140 million tones are nutria-cereals and millets. It is 50 to 60 million ton in our country. Secondly, women must be declared head of households for entitlement under the PDS and food security Act. They should be considered in-charge of food security in the family. That is important because women can ensure nutrition from newborns to the eldest in the family.Q: How can cereals and millet production increase? A: Procurement is the greatest stimulation for production. The more the government will procure, the famers will produce more. Farmers will increase production if the consumption capacity in the country increases. We should look at grains other than rice and wheat which are nutritious to have a big range. The crop holiday in Andhra Pradesh should be a wakeup call when farmers stopped production because there was no demand.Q: Are you happy with Food Security Bill? A: The Bill is somewhat defective in some respects. It calls for selective PDS. I personally believe there should be universal PDS as is in Tamil Nadu and Kerala. The country should follow the principle of exclusion as against inclusion. Categorization of below poverty line (BPL), above poverty line (APL) and targeted PDS are controversial issues and there is large amount of corruption in such classification. One has to pay money to be a BPL. Why to get into those? There should be transparent criteria to exclude people. For example income tax payers, those who own a car and so on can be excluded from food security provisions. The proposed food security Act is the largest social protection against hunger anywhere in the world. Its success will depend upon how far we are able to reach all those who need food. In the current approach, lots of street children and the destitute will be left out.Q: So what should be done? A: I am pressing for the principal of exclusion. Besides putting a number of transparent criteria for excluding those from food security, selfexclusion should be the guiding principle. Tell people that those who do not need food should not ask for it. Even if you include a man who should be excluded doesn't matter. But never should a deserving man be excluded. Freedom from hunger is freedom from corruption. The Bill must be based on a culture of honesty. Don't develop a bill on a negative basis that people are always dishonest. The Bill has been referred to the select committee. I am sure it will take evidence from a large number of people and have a transparent criteria.Q: Why are you a votary of traditional technology? A: I am for combination of traditional and modern technologies, what is called eco technology. We must combine the good ecological principles of the past with the latest technology. Take for example Koraput, which was recognized as globally important agriculture heritage system. The conservation of biodiversity by tribals is commendable and is very important. Traditional wisdom is very relevant. Don't destroy the good habits, rather build on previous knowledge. Don't discard something because it is old or don't worship something because it is new.We must ensure that technology is economically, environmentally and socially sustainable.Q: How come you got so much interested in Koraput? A: I started my career in Central Rice Research Institute at CRRI Cuttack in 1954. Soon after my post-doctoral research at the University of Wisconsin, I had joined CRRI. I had visited Koraput many times then. The tribals protecting biodiversity should be encouraged more. This will help stop genetic erosion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386361", "title": "Tollywood celebs at Anubhab movie premier", "text": "Celebs dropped by at THE HHI to attend the press meet of \"Anubhab\", directed by Rajesh and Ipshita. The film stars Akash Mukherjee , Shaheb Bhattacherjee, Arunima Ghosh, Dolon Roy, Shaheb Chatterjee , KushaL Chakraborty and Nandini Ghoshal.The story revolves around Anubhab, played by child actor Akash Mukherjee, who lives in a world of his own. His only companion is his grandmother. He lives a reclusive life in a small room at the corner of the terrace.Said Shaheb Bhattacherjee, who plays a villager who is Anubhab's only friend in the film, \"People will relate to this movie because these days, kids are under a lot of pressure thanks to competition and parental expectations. The film tells viewers to let kids be on their own and grow instinctively.\"Arunima, who plays a teacher in the movie, is also gung ho about the plot. \"The film carries a social message and that was what prompted me to say 'yes' to the role.\"Singer Debaditya Choudhury, who will score the music for the movie, says that though the film has a \"Taare Zameen Par\" feel, but it's still different. \"The protagonist is a child, who gets embroiled in the day-to-day fights between his parents, and becomes an introvert. How he fights the odds and brings his parents together is what the film is all about,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11388134", "title": "Tamil actor Mansoor Ali Khan held on land grab charges", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil actor Mansoor Ali Khan, who has acted with top stars including Rajinikanth and Vijayakanth, was arrested on Friday on land grab charges, police said.Khan was picked up from his house by a police team based on a complaint from one V Duraivelu who alleged that the actor had illegally constructed a 16-storeyed property on his 1247 sq ft of land at Arumbakkam here, an official release said.The actor had also threatened the complainant when he had first objected to his encroaching the land, the release said, adding, a team of officials from the Central Crime Branch of the Chennai Police arrested Khan.Duraivelu had purchased the land for Rs 2.60 lakh in 1994 whose current market value was Rs one crore,the release said.Khan has starred as a villain in many Tamil films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382840", "title": "Vidyapith's regimented culture riled Mahagujarat architect", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indulal Yagnik, who led the movement of foundation of Gujarat, was not satisfied with the regimented culture of Gujarat Vidyapith, though he himself remained associated with the Gandhi-founded institution for quite some time.Yagnik was of the opinion that mere making students to adopt a particular uniform or bringing in like-minded people would not make it a better educational institute.He quit the institution following differences with other colleagues on administrative issues, and continued criticizing the institute for its seeming regimentation from the time of its foundation. In his autobiography, which has been translated into English recently, he has discussed Vidyapith at length, albeit his annoyance is visible in his writing. Referring to the significance of Vidyapith during Gandhi's non-cooperation movement, he severely criticized its policies and programmes.He wrote, \"There was an intoxication of power among them in the atmosphere of the age of non-cooperation. Whatever narrow-mindedness or intolerance was seen, its effects must be removed from Vidyapith. Wearing a white cap or going bare-headed or growing a forest of a beard - such external actions would not bring about superiority.\"To achieve academic excellence, he suggested, \"Students of different opinions should study at the Gujarat Vidyapith. As to the suitability of the professors, the test of their character should definitely be made. But people other than those who are coloured by non-cooperation (movement) should also be taken up. Such a general policy should be accepted. Then only, Vidyapith would be a true institution of Gujarat.\"However, he left the institute and other association with the Ashram following non-support by Vidyapith in his scheme to impart education among untouchables and tribals. But even after he left the institute, he kept coming to Vidyapith to meet old friends and acknowledged its academic pursuit, \"Forgetting old differences of opinion about activities on behalf of the untouchables, I discussed with them their special subjects and eagerly tried to learn something from them.\"Yagnik was quite aware of the importance of an institution like Vidyapith amidst such political turmoil, and praised those including Gandhiji, who conceived of founding it. He was very harsh on men of letters in Gujarat for their show of ignorance, when the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad passed a resolution to set up Gujarat Vidyapith for second time at Bhavnagar. \"After the Sahitya Parishad of Ahmedabad (1920), it appears as if the scholars have forgotten that the Gujarat Vidyapith has already been established,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11381799", "title": "Signing out of Xmas with the Three Kings", "text": "MARGAO: The feast of the Epiphany, also known as the Three Kings' feast, is celebrated by Catholics on January 6 across the world. It often symbolizes the end of Christmas celebrations and the packing up of decorations for next year.In Goa, the visit of the Magi, as the Three Kings are also called, is grandly observed in three villages-Cansaulim and Chandor in the South and Reis Magos in the North.According to the Gospel, the Wise Men from the East-yet another name for the Three Kings-were guided by a star to Bethlehem, over 2000 years ago, where they worshipped the child Jesus.Commemorating this visit in Cansaulim, three young boys from the villages of Cansaulim, Arossim and Cuelim are chosen as the Three Kings. Travelling on horses, they converge some distance from the Chapel of Our Lady of Remedies (Nossa Senhora dos Remedios) before proceeding towards it for the feast mass at 10am.The chapel stands pretty on the picturesque hill at Cuelim and locals say the feast has been celebrated every year since their ancestors helped renovate the chapel in 1795.In Chandor, the three young boys who play the Wise Men come from three hamlets-Chandor (Kott), Cavorim and Gurdolim.The youngsters meet at the nearby hill of Our Lady of Mercy and descend on horseback towards the main church-the Church of Our Lady of Bethlehem-where the feast mass is celebrated.Here too, the feast has been celebrated every year since the church was built in 1645, say residents.Reis Magos sees three of its youngsters play out the part of the Magi and attend the feast mass at The Church of the Holy Magi.Dressed grandly in regal robes, including 'crowns', the Three Kings in all three villages are accompanied by family and friends and the route they take is decorated with streamers, palm leaves and balloons. Those standing along the routes often shout out greetings to the chosen 'Magi'.The entire Eucharistic celebration, on an average, takes about three hours.Over the years the feast has built a reputation as a tourist attraction and visitors visit to feast on its colour and pageantry.The 'Three Kings' also carry along versions of the gifts that were offered by the original kings-gold, incence and myrrh.Ashley Fernandes, a resident of Cansaulim, explains that the ancients regarded gold as the king of metals and Christians thus interpret it as standing for the kingship of Christ.Incense was used for worship and the aroma along with the smoke rising heavenwards spoke to them of God and divinity. \"Christians interpret this gift as standing for the divinity of Christ,\" says Fernandes.Myrrh was used to prepare the dead for burial. \"Christians interpret this gift as standing for the humanity of Christ,\" Fernandes concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "11383364", "title": "Rahul to visit from Jan 7", "text": "GORAKHPUR: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi is coming to Gorakhpur on January for the fourth stage of his Jansampark campaign. According to a local leader of the party, Rahul would address four to five public rallies in many constituencies.His first rally would be in Pipraich, second in Khorabar, third in Kauriram and fourth at Gola Bazaar in Chillupar constituency.From Gorakhpur, he would move to Deoria and then to Mau districts.It is noteworthy that the Bharatiya Janata Party in Gorakhpur is facing infighting over the issue of ticket distribution. Congress is trying to gain mileage and keen to get a foothold in the BJP's bastion in the district.Inducting corrupt leaders may spell doom for BJP: Adityanathtimes news network\"Incorporating corrupts May Prove To Be A Coup-de Grace For Party\"'Yogi AdityanathGorakhpur: Bharatiya Janata Party leader Yogi Adityanath is unhappy that BJP is accommodating corrupt politicians like Babu Singh Kushwaha and fired leaders of other political parties. He warned that such a step may prove fatal for the party.Adityanath flayed the state leaders of the party, who have supported induction of Kuswaha in the BJP. He said such leaders are opportunist and do not care for the values of BJP. These leaders within the BJP must be stopped, otherwise they may even welcome persons like A Raja and Suresh Kalmadi into the party.He stressed that there is no need of inviting stained leaders of SP and BSP as it would be harmful for the party.The MP also spoke on the row of the party's candidate from Gorakhpur city. He said that the final decision would be taken by the core committee. \"I had communicated the aspirations of people to the party leaders in New Delhi,\" he added.It may be noted that local BJP leaders, including the city chief Dharmendra Singh, had demanded to change sitting MLA from Gorakhpur city Radha Mohan Das Aggarwal as the party candidate from the constituency. A section of leaders have supported Aggarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11385534", "title": "Emraan Hashmi in Karan Johar\u2019s next film", "text": "The actor joins the big league with Dharma Production's next, directed by Rensil D'SilvaThere was a time when an Emraan Hashmi film essentially meant Mahesh Bhatt. Or a dark subject. And of course, a lot of lovemaking. Though the lovemaking hasn't changed, Emraan Hashmi has surely moved on from Vishesh Films. In fact, after Dil Toh Bachcha Hai Ji and The Dirty Picture, Mumbai Mirror has found out that Emraan has collaborated with Karan Johar for his next production to be directed by Rensil D'Silva.A source close to the production house informed Mumbai Mirror, \"After Kurbaan, Rensil was supposed to make a film with Salman Khan in the lead role. However, with Salman's 2012 calendar choc-a-bloc with the many projects he is currently filming, the filmmaker has decided to make another film in the meantime. The ensemble cast for this new project will have Emraan Hashmi in the lead role. The rest of the cast is still being finalised.\"This film will be Emraan's first with Dharma Productions. \"Having delivered a string of hits, it is clear that Emraan has a massive fan following. The producers realise that Emraan is a big star in the industry today. And thus, Karan Johar and Rensil D'Silva have decided to work with him in their next project,\" added the source.Everything else about the film has been kept under wraps. The announcement would be made soon.Despite repeated attempts, Emraan Hashmi and Karan Johar remained unavailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11383742", "title": "Letters from leaders", "text": "After Mani Natarajan read 'Freedom at Midnight', Dominique Lapierre's 1975 retelling of the Indian struggle for independence, he wrote to the author asking for Lord Mountbatten's address. Lapierre's book begins with Mountbatten's appointment as the last viceroy of British India and Natarajan wanted to write to him lauding his efforts. Both Lapierre and Mountbatten replied.\"In 1976, Mountbatten was the Earl of Burma . When he could write back to me, why not others?\" says 79-year-old Natarajan. Over the next 35 years, Natarajan wrote to and collected letters from the likes of Margaret Thatcher , Indira and Rajiv Gandhi , Morarji Desai , Mother Teresa , Sunil Gavaskar, M Karunanidhi , John McEnroe , Manmohan Singh , Bill Gates and more recently, Nobel Prize winner Venkatraman Ramakrishnan . \"I haven't left anybody out,\" says Natarajan of his collection of around 75 handwritten and typed letters.One of his prized possessions is a letter from Indira Gandhi , months before she was assassinated. 'The time now is for healing,' wrote the former Prime Minister in reply to Natarajan's letter about Operation Blue Star. \"I corresponded most with Indira and Rajiv Gandhi, both of whom were regular in writing back,\" says Natarajan. He also has 12 postcards from Morarji Desai. \"He always wrote me postcards that everyone could read. When I asked him about it, he wrote back saying there shouldn't be any secrets between the Prime Minister of a country and the citizens,\" he says.Natarjan says his passion for collecting letters is a result of his love for English. \"I really enjoyed writing in the language, so I thought I could make this my hobby,\" he says. Among the many authors that he wrote to was Khushwant Singh who once replied to his letter with a postcard that simply said, 'My eyes are in bad shape so I can't write'.In the living room of the house in Korattur, where Natarjan lives with his wife, photos of him posing with politicians, movie stars and sportspersons share space with family portraits. \"Whenever I wrote to a famous person, I would ask him or her for an appointment to meet or request an autographed photo,\" says Natarajan. He wrote to Mikhail Gorbachev , former general secretary of the erstwhile Soviet Union , asking for an autographed photo. \"Gorbachev instructed the Russian counsel general in Chennai, who came to my house personally to deliver it.\"Natarajan says he continues to write albeit infrequently. \"No one wants to correspond by letters anymore,\" he says. He shifted to email five years ago. \"I don't have an email id or a computer. I dictate my letters to my son or niece who send the emails but not many reply,\" he says. Natarajan's most recent email was to Anna Hazare voicing his opinion on the Lokpal Bill. \"I am still waiting for a reply.\"(This is a weekly series that features the people who collect odds and ends, from stamps and coins to racing cars &amp; rocks)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383718", "title": "Zingabai Takli road comes unstuck in 2 days", "text": "NAGPUR: With civic elections due on February 16, the BJP-Shiv Sena ruled Nagpur Municipal Corporation has launched various development works including relaying roads in residential areas. However, NMC's public works department has miserably failed to supervise works, resulting in poor quality work being done in many areas.A case in point is a newly laid stretch of internal road in Zingabai Takli. The road here has already crumbled, with patches of top surface separating from the base and stone metal lying scattered all around.Thousands of residents have staged demonstrations for lack of civic amenities in their locality. Irked by the lacklustre working of the civic body and its false promises, the residents had also threatened to launch an agitation against NIT if it failed to develop the area that is home to over 16,000 voters. Residents also claimed they had raised the issue at least a dozen times but the civic body has failed to respond.Despite several protests, the civic body had failed to react. However, NMC woke up before the civic polls and sanctioned Rs 50 lakh for asphaltation of roads in Zingabai Takli. But the work turned out to be of very poor quality, alleged residents.Charging the contractor with using poor quality material, area residents also pointed an accusing finger towards civic body officials for lack of proper supervision by field staff.Residents of the colony said the stretch of road was constructed and recarpeted two days ago. \"In less than 24 hours, the top surface of the road has crumbled at several places, exposing the stone metal used for compression,\" said Parasram Neware, a resident of Zingabai Takli.In fact, dense carpeting is needed in the stretches in the locality, but it has not been done, claimed another resident RS Chaudhari.\"Apparently, the contractor used substandard and poor quality material for construction and carpeting. At the same time, the field staff failed to discharge their duty to supervise the road work so as to ensure that it is carried out strictly as per specifications mentioned in the work order,\" residents maintained while demanding a thorough probe in the road construction works.Assistant municipal commissioner (Mangalwari Zone) R Bhivgade refused to comment. In fact, it is the duty of the zonal office to take action if they come across any deficiency on the part of the contractor, or if anyone among the field staff is found guilty of dereliction of duty.Meanwhile, on Wednesday night, traffic on the busy patch between University Library square and Rani Jhansi chowk was badly affected due to asphaltation of one side of North Ambazari road. According to senior PI (traffic, South) Avinash More, the NMC appointed private contractor blocked one side of the road without any information, which resulted in the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad/warangal", "code": "11382185", "title": "HC orders CBI probe into \u2018police torture\u2019 of KU student", "text": "HYDERABAD/WARANGAL: Taking a serious view of Warangal police using third degree methods on pro-Telangana agitators, the AP High Court on Thursday ordered a CBI inquiry into the torture of Kakatiya University (KU) research scholar Vukanti Yakub Reddy.A Bench, comprising Justice Ghulam Mohammad and Justice K G Shankar, directed the Central Bureau of Investigation to conduct a detailed inquiry into the incident and complete the probe within three months. The court expressed serious concern over the rights violation by the police and wanted CBI to do a thorough inquiry. The court gave this ruling in a petition by Yakub Reddy who charged the cops with torturing him during interrogation. According to medical experts, Yakub Reddy suffered damage to one of his kidneys due to police beating.Yakub Reddy was among 14 KU Joint Action Committee students who were arrested by the police and tortured for vandalising district minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah's house at Ramnagar in Warangal on September 6, 2011. The students were staging a dharna, demanding the minister's resignation in support of separate Telangana state.Senior counsel D Prakash Reddy had brought to HC's notice in September last how the police tried to mislead the magistrate while producing the agitators before him. It was only after the magistrate noticed Yakub Reddy's absence that the police were forced to produce the student activist before him. By then, Yakub's condition had turned critical and he was produced before the magistrate on a stretcher.Bringing this to the court's notice, Prakash Reddy told the single judge earlier that he had personally visited the victim at the Warangal hospital and came to know about the brutal treatment meted out to him and open threats issued by Kazipet DSP Venkata Narsaiah. The single judge then referred the matter to a division bench.Yakub Reddy was first admitted to MGM Hospital in Warangal in a critical condition on September 7. When his condition deteriorated, he was shifted to NIMS and later Yashoda Hospital, Hyderabad. He underwent treatment for over 45 days.Yakub said justice has been done with the court order. \"I was brutally kicked and tortured by the cops. Because of the police beating, I am unable to walk properly even now,\" he told TOI.He said then DSP Venkata Narsaiah had warned them that they should stop participating in the Telangana agitation or they would be killed in an encounter.\"The police officials threatened us that they will \"encounter\" us if we say 'Jai Telangana'.The last few months have been traumatic as I was always worried about cops swooping down on my place and taking me away again for questioning,\" he said.The Subedari police had taken Yakub and 13 others into custody on September 6 and shifted them to Madikonda police station where they were beaten up mercilessly.The police authorities sent Yakub to Dharmasagar police station from where he was taken to Zaffargadh and Palakurthy police stations.TRS district convenor P Sudarshan Reddy and Warangal West MLA D Vinaya Bhaskar tried to get him released from police custody but in vain.Following a direction from the Warangal district court, Yakub was shifted to MGM Hospital.The students recalled that they were mercilessly beaten up by police for 'daring' to conduct a dharna in front of Ponnala's house.Apparently, Ponnala was peeved because the agitating students had smashed a photo-frame of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi.The Telangana lawyers' Joint Action Committee had earlier lodged a complaint against the police brutality at the AP State Human Rights Commission and the SHRC, in turn, had asked for a detailed report from the director-general of police on the incident.MLC Chukka Ramaiah said the police were acting in a vindictive manner and compared their brutality to the suppression of Telangana armed struggle by the Razakars of Nizam. TRS floor leader Etela Rajender said his party had sought suspension of Venkata Narsaiah.TRS MLA T Harish Rao said instead of suspending Narsaiah, the government transferred him and sent him to Hyderabad to work as an ACP.He said Narsaiah had threatened to \"encounter\" those students who raised Telangana issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "yamunanagar/kurukshetra/ambala", "code": "11382045", "title": "Rail Roko call: Rail traffic paralysed in Haryana", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR/KURUKSHETRA/AMBALA: Thousands of passengers on board at least 32 trains, apart from those waiting on platforms, had a horrifying time on Thursday as schedules went awry due to a 'rail roko' by Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU).The farmers were protesting to press their demand of raising the minimum support price.Though there was no impact on New-Delhi Chandigarh Shatabadi Express and Chandigarh New-Delhi-Rohtak Shatabadi Express (Ekta Express), 32 long-distance superfast trains were among those worst affected due to the farmers' stir. These included Sachkhand Express, Dadar Express, Paschim Express, Sadbhawna Express (Lukhnow-Chandigarh route) and Ucchaha Express (Kanpur-Chandigarh) Express.In an attempt to prevent blockade at Kurukshetra, when the cops tried to stop the farmers, 500 protesters courted arrest. Elsewhere, the activists blocked Ambala-Saharanpur route at Mustafabad and Ambala-New Delhi/Rohtak tracks between Karnal and Panipat. BKU state president Gurnam Singh led the stir at Kurukshetra.The agitation reportedly began around 11am and went on till 5pm. Sources said not even a single train was allowed to pass during the protest.Divisional railway manager at Ambala P K Sanghi said, \"Rail services suffered massively due to the agitation. Thirty-two trains (passengers and super) could not run on routes under Ambala zone. Around six passenger trains were stopped midway.\"The farmers of Ambala and Yamunangar joined the agitation at Mustafabad railway station of Yamunanagar district.BKU general secretary Vijay Mehata, who was leading the agitation at Yamunangar and Ambala, said, \"This was just a symbolic demonstration. If the government does not accept our demands, we will carry out a large-scale protest.\"MSP hike soughtFarmers held a Rail Roko Andolan demanding implementation of Swaminathan Commission recommendations made in 2006. According to the commission report, farmers should be given an adequate raise in MSP while keeping in view the hike in input costs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11383401", "title": "Fog hits train movement", "text": "KANPUR: Fog has again started affecting the movement of trains. On Thursday, several trains were reportedly running behind schedule.Howrah Jodhpur, Mahabodhi Express and more than a dozen other trains were running between six to eight hours late, leaving the passengers stranded at the railway station.A heavy rush of passengers was witnessed at the enquiry counters on the Kanpur Central railway station. Station superintendent said that the foggy weather is affecting the movement of trains.Trains like Rewa Exp, Muri Exp, Howrah Jodhpur, North East Exp, Neelanchal Express, Guhawati Sampark Kranti Express, Puri Exp and Kalka Mail were running late.The passengers were seen saying that it is of no use to travel during winters unless there is an emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383952", "title": "Pawar urged to clear Rs 150 crore dues to NIT", "text": "NAGPUR: Civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh and NIT chairman Pravin Darade urged deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who holds the finance portfolio, to pay Rs 150.02 crore dues owed to Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) as its share of stamp duty. Pawar had come to Nagpur to fix the size of district plans of six districts of Nagpur revenue division.The state government had in 1971 issued a GR whereby a surcharge of 0.5% was imposed on all transactions registered within municipal limits of Nagpur. This amount was meant to help NIT in development of the city. The amount from 1971 till March 2010 was around Rs 60 crore. However, NIT has not received a single penny so far.In 2010, the state government extended this surcharge to all transactions in Nagpur metro region. As a result, NIT's share shot up to Rs 90 crore in 2010-11. Now dues payable to NIT have increased to Rs 150 crore.Deshmukh pointed out to Pawar that in absence of its share of funds, NIT was facing great difficulty in development of the metro region as well as the city. The DCM assured to release the amount in phases.NIT sources said that the state government had promised Rs 50 crore as seed capital for development of metro region. However, NIT has not got this money too.An official pointed out that while the area of Nagpur city was 217 square km the metro region was spread over an area of 3,550 square km and included 760 villages.NIT's consultant has already started preparing the development plan for the metro region. It is expected to be ready in a year. However, as on date, NIT neither has funds nor staff to develop it. The government had promised additional staff to the agency but so far only one superintending engineer from public works department (PWD) has been sent on deputation.District plan size to be decided laterDCM Pawar did not take any decision on fixing the size of district plans as election code of conduct is in force. Officials said that the Nagpur district administration had proposed an Rs 135 crore plan and they were hoping that government would increase it. The decision would be taken in Mumbai after review of all districts was completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11383932", "title": "AIIMS creates 230 new posts to meet crunch", "text": "NEW DELHI: TheUnion health ministry on Thursday sanctioned the creation of 230 new faculty positions in the All India Institute of Medical Sciences to tide over acute faculty crunch .The new posts include 144 assistant professors , five professors , an additional professor , 10 lecturers in nursing and 70 technical personnel . A ministry official said \"We have sent the order to the administration of AIIMS . The posts will be filled up soon . It will improve patient service and teaching and take the load off the present faculty .\"A recent study by AIIMS ' department of hospital administration had said most of the departments in the premier hospital are grossly understaffed . Though 629 faculty positions are authorized at AIIMS , only 434 are filled - a deficiency of more than 30 %. The ministry has put out advertisements to recruit 120 assistant professors to fill the previous vacancies . \"Screening is on to fill the previous vacant posts . Interviews will be held shortly . Besides ,wehavecreated 230 new posts ,\" said the ministry official .Thelackof enoughfaculty members is hampering research , which AIIMS was earlier known for . Faculty members told TOI that one of the main reasons for doctorsfinding notimefor research is due to tremendous patient load .\"Nearly 10,000 patients a day attend OPDs alone . Three-fourths of the faculty members interviewed felt that their department was understaffed . About 90 % of the faculty disagreed that AIIMS has adequate strength . This is why male faculty members spent an average of 38 .6% extra time over and above their official working hours for the purpose of teaching , research , patient care and institute-related activities . Female faculty members spent an average of 14.1% extra time ,\" the internal study had said .The lack of faculty was also increasing waiting time for patients requiring an intervention . It could take as long as two years to get a date for a simple MRI scan , While a CAT scan has a waiting period of over four months . For patients requiring a total hip replacement or a total knee replacement , the waiting period is five months and six months , respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11382993", "title": "DU student \u2018kills self\u2019 at hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: A23-year-old Delhi University student allegedly killed himself by jumping off the fourth floor of LNJP Hospitalon Wednesday night.He was brought to the hospital in the morning after he consumed sleeping pills and attempted to slash his wrist , police said . The deceased , Rocky Rai , was a resident of Darbhanga , Bihar . The police did not recover any suicide note but said he might have taken thestep after doing badly in university exams .Rocky was in the final year of BS c at Zakir Hussain College . He was reportedly depressed after failing to clear some papers from the previous year in the second attempt . On Wednesday , he came to college heavily sedated and tried to slash his wrist . His friend Aslam rushed him to hospital , police said .Rocky was given emergency treatment for the pills and moved to a ward after his condition improved in the evening . A cousin attending on him said doctors advised Rocky to stay the night under observation but he kept insisting on stepping out.Police said that around 10.15pm, when his cousin finished dinner and went out of the ward briefly , Rocky rushed to the fourth-floor balcony and jumped off. The guards andothersin theward raised an alarm but they found Rocky's body lying in a pool of blood on the ground . Doctors in the hospital Emergency declared him dead .\"We received the first call around 11am. After speaking tothe victim ,wefoundhewas depressed about his exam result .Around 10.15pm wewere toldhehadjumpedoff thebalcony ,\" said a senior cop .Rocky's family in Bihar has been informed . His body has been preserved in the mortuary and the postmortem examination will be done after family members arrive . Rocky came to Delhi around four years ago for higher studies. He stayed in the Rajokri area of South Delhi with his aunt's family .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383694", "title": "Man seeks police help to rescue wife", "text": "CHENNAI: A 31-year-old call centre employee has asked the police commissioner to rescue his pregnant wife who is being held by her parents in Kodungaiyur.Ramesh Kumar (31) said his in-laws were threatening forceful termination of his wife's pregnancy. He said he had met his wife Reshma at a call centre in Parrys five years ago. They married in August 2011 against their parents' wishes. Their parents opposed the match as they followed different religions.Reshma's parents met them on December 28 saying they wanted to patch up and hold a reception for the couple. \"Since Reshma was three months pregnant, they said they wanted to take her to their home in Kodungaiyur and spend a few days with her,\" said Ramesh Kumar. \"On December 30, they called me up saying that they would send her back to me only if I convert to their religion. Since I refused, they are threatening to terminate her pregnancy,\" he said. He sought the help of the police in rescuing his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11381805", "title": "Chess in schools a welcome move", "text": "MYSORE: Experts and students in the city are quite enthusiastic with the idea of introducing chess in schools in the state on the lines of Gujarat and Tamil Nadu.Outdoor games like football, hockey etc, nurture physical fitness in children, but chess enhances their cognitive skills, they say.Speaking to TOI, chess coach Arun V Koushik, who is also father of Girish A Koushik (14), former world under-10 champion, said it is a good strategy. \"Our state is lagging behind in the field of chess when compared to Tamil Nadu. There are only a few chess institutes /academies in the sate,\" he added.Implementation of chess in schools may become a new revolution, but before that, teachers should be trained in it, advised Koushik. \"It's not all about making a child a professional player, but compulsory implementation of chess will help enhance memory power and make children make mature decisions.Meanwhile, Mysore District Chess Association president professor S K Ananda Thirtha also supported the idea. He said: \"It will increase concentration and calculation power among students and termed chess a stress-buster for kids. A majority of good chess players are scoring over 90% in their academics, he claimed, adding that Mysore ranks first in the state when it comes to producing chess payers.National-level chess player Y G Vijendra, former state chess champion, said chess helps students learn mathematics without difficulty and improves the power of reasoning and problem solving in children.Like other outdoor games, chess should also be given equal importance in schools, as it helps double the power to grasp and sharpen skills in children, said H B Basavaraju, president of Karnataka State Primary School Teachers Association.B M Vijay and Deepak Urs, Class X students of Sadvidya School, said chess should be implemented in schools as it will benefit students in several ways including facing board exams which many students find difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11383281", "title": "Kujang cracker blast accused arrested", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The main accused in the Kujang cracker blast case, Subhash Rout, was arrested by Jagatsinghpur district in Puducherry on Thursday.\"Rout is the main accused as he was carrying crackers in a truck. He had fled after the incident,\" SP (Jagatsinghpur) Debadutta Singh said. \"Rout will be produced in the court in Puducherry and later we will bring him to Kujang to produce him in the court of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC),\" Singh said.Four drummers succumbed to serious burns and six sustained burn injuries after crackers exploded during a procession of Biju Patnaik Workers' Union organized by BJD MLA of Cuttack (Barabati) Debasish Samantray and Jagatsinghpur MLA Bishnu Das on November 16. The BJD leaders and their supporters were going in a procession to attend a meeting of a trade union at Paradip when the crackers burst.The cracker blast snowballed into a major political issue in this coastal district with the panchayat polls round the corner. Former minister, senior BJD leader and Paradip MLA Damodar Rout locked horns with his political bete noir Bishu Das and Debashis Samantray for the mishap. \"Police have failed to take action against BJD MLAs Debashish Samantray and Bishu Das though they arranged to blast crackers during the Biju Workers' Union in Paradip without obtaining any permission from the authorities,\" said Gobinda Tarei, vice-president of Paradip-Kujang Citizens' Forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381533", "title": "Dikshit, Akalis join name game in Chandni Chowk", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was just a no-ball from some cricket crazy fans, but the city's administrators chose to dignify it by rushing into the attack. On the second day of the controversy over 'renaming' Chandni Chowk after Sachin Tendulkar , the score stood thus.The mayor clarified there was no question of renaming Delhi's most famous street. The CM's office opposed the move to rename the street, insisting only the government could do so. Some Sikh bodies said the road, if renamed, should bear the name of Guru Tegh Bahadur.Tendulkar himself was probably unaware of the storm that started after mayor Rajni Abbi reportedly told an FM channel that the civic body was considering a proposal to rename the street after him. Connoisseurs of jalebis, khurchan and parathas also stubbornly kept their noses to their plates, kicking away the prospect of eating in Tendulkar Chowk like a discarded leaf bowl.Nonetheless, BJP, the dominant party in MCD, found itself in the firing line of heritage lovers and the CM herself. CM Sheila Dikshit issued a statement asking the MCD to refrain from renaming the road, citing the home ministry's 1975 orders that make it the government's prerogative. In a letter to the MCD commissioner, Dikshit wrote that any attempt to rename Chandni Chowk will not only violate Central guidelines but also undermine the historical and cultural importance of the area. The statement added the mayor had gone back on her remark about renaming only after the CM intervened.Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) added to the noise on Thursday, demanding immediate withdrawal of the proposal. Party members protested outside the mayor's office at the MCD headquarters. \"We all love Sachin, but naming the main Chandni Chowk road after him is wrong. If at all that stretch is renamed, it should be after Guru Tegh Bahadur Sahib-ji,\" said Jatender Omkar Singh Thapar, vice-president of SAD.\"Why should any attempt be made to rename an area, which has been synonymous with the city's life and culture? We don't have a problem with a road being named after Sachin, but not in the Chandni Chowk area,\" said Firoz Bakht Ahmed, a heritage lover.Chandni Chowk councillor Suman Gupta, who had brought the proposal before the naming committee, said the idea was to name a road in the area on Tendulkar's scoring a century in the ongoing Test series. \"The request came from residents of Chandni Chowk, and the condition was very clear. If he doesn't score a century, we will not name a road after him. I never mentioned that the main market stretch between Red Fort and Fatehpuri should be renamed,\" Gupta clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11383973", "title": "Fire, rain, theft and high prices mar Khadi fair", "text": "RANCHI: Fire and rain marred the 15-day Khadi fair,which drew to a close on Thursday. Seven people, including two minors, became victims of a fire that broke out on the third day of the fair. Later it was discovered that a fire NOC was not taken from the fire department. This incident created panic among visitors.\"I am just wondering what would have happened if the fire had broken out when the footfall was more,\" said Rakesh, a visitor. No sooner had the fire been doused than the weather played spoilsport. The heavy rain on January 1 not just stopped people from visiting the fair but also showed that the organizers had no concern about the safety of the products on display.The tents were not waterproof and heavy rain damaged them. The fair was not just a disaster for stall-owners but also visitors. Even after 200 guards were placed at various spots, many cases of theft were reported. Six stolen mobile phones and three snatch-and-run cases were reported.One of the guards said, \"One of the victims said that a child of 6-7 years snatched her bag and ran away.We tried to spot the thief but he vanished in the crowd.\" The fair was not just unpopular because of this but also because the visitors found the products too expensive. Sidhu Indwar, a visitor, said, \"There was nothing in the fair to suit the budget of a lower middle class shopper. Khadi was the dream of Bapu, but if the common man cannot afford it, what's the use of such fairs?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "11382992", "title": "Vizag fishermen rescue 19 Bangladeshis stranded at sea after pirate attack", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: Nineteen fishermen from Bangladesh were rescued on the high seas by their counterparts from Visakhapatnam in Bay of Bengal in the wee hours of Thursday.The Bangladeshis were discovered in a pitiable condition, having survived without food for almost 20 days after they were attacked by pirates.While four of the 36-member fishermen group were killed by pirates, 13 others died of starvation and injuries suffered in the attack.The rescued fishermen were brought ashore at Donkuru village on Thursday morning. The fishermen were admitted to the government hospital where doctors said their condition is stable.The 36-member group of fishermen had set sail 28 days ago in two mechanised boats. Three days into their voyage, they were attacked by the pirates in Bangladesh's territorial waters.The pirates killed two navigators and two captains before looting rice, vegetables, fuel and snatching the sailor's belongings. Thirteen others died of starvation and bullet injuries sustained in the pirates' attack.The bodies of those who died at sea were thrown into the waters by the other fishermen.According to marine police, those who survived could not reach Bangladesh and had no option but to wait for help.They were spotted on Wednesday, 640 km away from the Srikakulam coast by fishermen from Visakhapatnam who were on mechanised boats.They informed Donkuru fishermen who responded to the call and brought them safety ashore.\"Initially, we provided them with food and medical assistance.\"We will take the steps necessary to send them back after consulting officials concerned,\" marine wing CI T Kanaka Raju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11381226", "title": "ITS gathers dust as traffic offences pile up", "text": "PUNE: While the traffic situation in the city continues to be a source of chaos and confusion, an expensive traffic management system, which was introduced in the city in 2009, remains idle and continues to gather dust, thanks to the indecision on the part of the Pune Municipal Corporation.According to experts, if the Rs 16-crore Intelligent Traffic System (ITS) was in use, it would have helped take action against 14.94 lakh traffic violations whose offences were recorded through CCTV cameras last year.The number of traffic violations recorded by the ITS is far higher than the number of violations against whom action was initiated by the traffic police in 2011. As against 14.94 lakh traffic violations recorded by the ITS, the traffic police last year took action against nearly 8.08 lakh motorists.While the number of traffic violations in the city is high, with limited manpower with the traffic branch, action against all traffic violations remains an impossible task. On the other hand, if the ITS was used to its optimum, it would have been possible to penalize a large number of traffic violators. Experts believe that large-scale action against traffic violations can bring about a major change in improving traffic discipline and road safety.The Intelligent Traffic System, housed in Swargate is fully operational and ready to use. The system is functioning and has been collecting data on traffic violations. However, the authorities have not used this data to initiate action against offenders. This is ironic, especially when the system received an award from the Union government in November last year for excellence in urban transport.While the ITS should have been implemented before the Commonwealth Youth Games held in October 2008, what is certain that it would still take several months for utilising the system to its optimum.A civic official said the PMC needs to appoint a third party agency to manage the system, and have a plan for collecting fines. \"In the past two years, tenders for appointing a third party agency were called twice. However, the proposals were not approved by the standing committee,\" a civic official said. \"Now, with the election code of conduct in force, there would be further delay as no tenders can be called in the next two to three months.\"As per the PMC proposal, the third party agency will have to manage the ITS with the help of the traffic police and the PMC.The agency would need to have a system for issuing receipts to the traffic violators and collecting the fine amount. While the agency would be paid certain fees for the management, the fine amount collected would go to the PMC and the traffic police.In February 2010, the PMC standing committee rejected private participation because of which the project was deferred. A few months later, there was a change in the stance, where influential elected office-bearers went on to say that the system was necessary to improve traffic situation and that the corporation would initiate the process of appointing a third party agency as soon as possible.However, as things stand now, a final decision on ITS would come only after the new civic body is formed following the elections in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382967", "title": "Traffic police conduct seminar, quiz for kids to mark Road Safety Week", "text": "AHMEDABAD: School kids stumped the city traffic cops with their wit when they answered questions related to road safety and traffic rules with confidence. The students were so prepared that the organizers had to announce five winners in place of three top winners. The event organized to celebrate Road Safety Week was also marked by expert lectures on the same topics at Town Hall on Thursday morning.Siddharth Khatri, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), told TOI that both the events were success. \"While the lectures were conducted by traffic safety trainers Samir Pathak and Amit Khatri, the quiz was conducted by traffic safety experts and police officials. It was an experience for us. The kids were very well prepared for the event,\" he said. The hall was jam-packed with traffic police officials, home guards, constables from the motor section of the city police, autorickshaw drivers, GSRTC drivers and members of public. tnnTalking at the occasion, experts said that maximum accidents happen because of drivers who are able to drive but do not have enough knowledge. \"These drivers without inadequate knowledge tend to be overconfident and speed causing road accidents. The same reason goes for overloading of trucks and their accidents as well,\" said Pathak.Amit Khatri said that a large number of road accidents also occur from vision problems. \"Most of the people who ride cars and motorcycles do not undergo necessary vision tests. A driver should not be suffering from narrow vision. Similarly, drivers who suffer from inability to judge distance run into accidents of head-on collision,\" he said.The expert also talked about the importance of using lights reflecting strips, dangers of driving in fatigue and drunk driving.FD school from Maktampura was declared the winner of the quiz competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11381778", "title": "Rohan Khaunte to contest as independent in Porvorim", "text": "PANAJI: Rohan Khaunte, whose name figured in the MGP's shortlisted candidates for the forthcoming assembly elections, has said that he would like to contest as an independent candidate from Porvorim constituency.His name was also being mentioned in BJP circles as party's leaders were trying out options to deny a ticket to North Goa MP Shripad Naik to contest from Porvorim.In a statement issued here, Rohan, a businessman, said that he isn't affiliated to any political party and would prefer to contest as an independent candidate.\"Certain selfish people feel that caste/religion card is the success to election. However, today time and again, it is proved that development is the only mantra for electoral success,\" states a press release issued by his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386515", "title": "Nothing is trash: Alphonse Roy", "text": "Filmmaker Alphonse Roy shares some a few insights on celluloid...LABOUR PAINS: If you have ever embarked on a filmmaking exercise, you would never harbour viewpoints bordering on the extreme. Only a filmmaker knows the trouble he has gone through in order to convince a producer, assemble his actors and finally shoot his film and get it released. You can be objective about films, but you cannot afford to write off anything as trash.HAIL THE NEW WAVE: The onus of making high quality, socially conscious and thought provoking cinema falls fairly and squarely on the youth. We've had our seasons in the sun and we've had fun doing what we love doing, every day of our lives. Now, it's up to the new generation to dazzle us with their vision. For all we know, there might be a Truffaut or a Godard among us, who'll just blow the competition away with his or her interpretation of life on celluloid.INDEPENDENT IDEOLOGY: Thanks to advancements in technology, almost anyone with a desire to pursue filmmaking has access to the literature and equipment necessary to express one's vision. Rather than resorting to the tricks of the trade, one should opt for learning the trade itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383122", "title": "Congress-Trinamool rift may deepen further", "text": "KOLKATA: With its relation with the Trinamool Congress worsening with every passing day, the Congress is now trying to expand its political space in Bengal - before this year's panchayat polls and the all-important 2014 Lok Sabha polls. Senior state Congress leaders said that in the coming days, the offensive is likely to intensify.Buoyed by its success in the last assembly polls - when it bagged 42 seats as against CPM's 41 - Congress would like to consolidate its position in the panchayat polls. This explained the zeal with which the party has taken up an issue like falling price of paddy in south Bengal, which is not its stronghold. \"A 127-year-old party has the right to grow on its own strength. It need not play second fiddle to any other party,\" PCC general secretary Om Prakash Misra said on Thursday.In the next few weeks, the Congress is planning to launch a programme to gherao the district administration offices to protest the falling prices of agricultural products. In north Bengal, the demand for setting up an AIIMS like institute (at Raiganj) would hot up, Congress MP Deepa Das Munshi said. State Youth Congress would also launch a dharna programme under the leadership of its president Mausam Noor, a member of Rahul Gandhi's youth brigade.Congress leaders ridiculed the statement of state industries minister Partha Chatterjee that their candidates would lose their security deposits if they go out of Mamata's umbrella. \"Till Trinamool went for a pre-poll alliance with the Congress, its vote percentage never crossed 25. Trinamool candidates would find it difficult to win without us,\" Misra said.The state government's announcement that Indira Bhavan would be renamed after Kazi Nazrul Islam had provided Congress leaders with the opportunity they had been looking for - to oppose a government of which it is a part. What had perplexed observers was why the chief minister gave the state Congress an opportunity to criticize her. They would not believe Mamata was so naive to think that Congress would not react on this issue. Though lately she had changed the name of Jyoti Basu Nagar to the old Rajarhat New Town and got away with a low-key protest from CPM.Some Trinamool leaders claimed that Mamata did not suggest the change of Indira Bhavan's name, it was the brainwave of some other leaders. But sources close to her said the CM could have done it deliberately, to gauge the extent to which Congress would go. \"In a situation where neither of the allies trusts the other, each could be out to test the waters before taking the plunge,\" said an observer.The Congress has faced opposition from Mamata on issues like FDI in retail, Teesta water sharing and petrol price increase. The systematic poaching of Trinamool into Congress territory since before the assembly polls had also been a cause of alarm for the PCC. Leaders like Sabitri Mitra and Sukhendu Sekhar Ray have since left Congess to join Trinamool. Even on Thursday, Congress leader Shahnaz Hussain Quadri of Malda joined Trinamool. For Congress, it could be a fight for political survival in the state.The Trinamool leaders, in turn, fear that the Congress high command was now looking for new allies, to marginalize Trinamool in the UPA. They are also sore over the fact that the financial bailout package for the Mamata government had been much below the expectation. The possible political permutations in Delhi would be clearer after the results of the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls were available, believe observers.During the day, Partha Chatterjee accused Congress of shedding \"crocodile tears\" over the plight of farmers. \"Everyone knows that the procurement price of paddy is fixed by the Centre and fertilizer prices have been decontrolled in 2010. Where was Congress when farm land was being grabbed in Singur? It is against the norms to oppose the government while being a part of it,\" he said.\"Being a part of the government, we have not crossed the Lakshman Rekha ,\" Congress minister Manas Bhunia said. \"But we will allow nobody to gag our voice,\" he added.Being part of the state government and speaking against it, is not dignified. It is abnormal.Partha ChatterjeeI will not reply to what any other minister says. None can gag us.Manas Bhunia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11381690", "title": "People protest against police apathy to control crimes", "text": "JAIPUR: Residents of Malviya Nagar area on Thursday sat on a dharna at the local police station and shouted slogans against the alleged apathy of the police in checking crimes in their locality. The people led by BJP MLA Kalicharan Saraf and BJP leader Suman Sharma shouted slogans against the police and kept the markets in the area closed in protest of police's failure to solve the murders of 85-year-old Munni Devi and her servant Raghuveer Rathore on Sunday night.MLA Saraf said that the BJP activists courted arrests. \"We had warned the police that if the case was not solved within 72 hours, the police station would be gheraoed,\" said Saraf. He added that a huge number of local residents participated in the demonstration.Saraf also claimed that several dacoity, robbery, murder and burglary cases have been reported in the area in the recent past, but the police have not been able to solve any of them.However, a senior police officer said that the police are close to solving the case. \"The domestic help Kunal Kumar is suspected of murdering the woman and her servant and teams are camping in Patna and Jharkhand in his search,\" said the officer. He added that the police have identified the relative whose reference Kunal had given to the family members of Munni Devi on December 29 when he approached them for a job as domestic help. \"We have rounded up the relative who has assured to lead us to Kunal. Further investigation in this regard is going on,\" said the officer.The domestic help, identified as Kunal Kumar, first slit the throat of another servant, Raghuveer Rathore, after consuming liquor. Then he strangulated Munni Devi in her sleep. He is suspected to have taken away some cash and jewellery from the house. The accused had not been verified with the police. Identification documents submitted by him to the woman's family members are believed to be fake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386477", "title": "Amala Paul: Wait and Watch", "text": "Amala Paul might be among the most wanted actresses today, but she isn't in a hurry to sign films.The young actress, who has a film releasing this Pongal, is currently part of two other flicks, in which she stars opposite Atharvaa (Muppozhuthum Un Karpanaigal) and Siddharth (Kaadhalil Sothappuvadhu Eppadi). Quiz her why she hasn't signed any other film despite many offers and she says, \"Well, I'm waiting for my Pongal release. I want to sign my future projects based on its results.\"Meanwhile, the actress says she is kicked about Kaadhalil Sothappuvadhu Eppadi, which, she says, gave her an opportunity to test her comic skills. \"It is a fun, romantic film and I'm happy that I'm able to explore my comic side while shooting for it,\" quips the young actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11384184", "title": "Sports fest to commemorate Sayajirao\u2019s 150th birth anniversary", "text": "VADODARA: Come January 27 and thousands of youngsters will sweat it out in the middle to bag championships title in various Indian games.To commemorate the 150th anniversary of Sayajirao Gaekwad III, the Vadodara Marathon and Youth Service Centre (YSC) have organised a four-day sports festival at Polo Ground. Sayajirao was an ardent promoter of Indian sports and it was during rule that sports like kushti, athletics and mal-khamb got their due.The organisers have kept no entry fee or participation charges for the players. \"Sports was always close to the heart of Sayajirao and hence we decided to conduct the sports festival. Indian games have a long tradition in the city. We want to revive the spirit and promote all Indian games like kho kho, kabaddi, langdi and kushti,\" said Sudhir Parab, secretary of Hind Vijay Gymkhana that was started by Sayajirao in 1918.The sports festival will be called Sayaji Smriti Krida Mahotsav and organisers are expecting participation from over 3,500 youngsters. The other sports to be played include volleyball, air pistol, ring tennis, tricycle race, shot put and disc throwing.\"Vadodara Marathon had decided to organise sports meet so we decided to collaborate with YSC. The participation forms will be sent to all the schools. Those in open category can avail the forms at all the sports clubs,\" said Tejal Amin, director of VM. Samarjitsinh Gaekwad, scion of the royal family said that he was glad that Indian sports that were close to the heart of Sayajirao are being revived in the city.The age categories for participation include less than 10 years, between 10 to 14, 14 to 16, over 16 years of age, veteran senior citizens and differently-abled people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11381835", "title": "2nd postmortem of Hilario's body at GMC today", "text": "MARGAO: A second postmortem of the late Sabina Hilario's body will be conducted at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, at 10am on Friday by a panel of three doctors.This decision was taken following the intervention of the Salcete sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Dasharath Redkar and deputy collector D M Redkar in whose presence an \"inquest panchanama\" was carried out at Hospico hospital, Margao, on Thursday.The Maina-Curtorim police handed over the case papers to Redkar on Thursday.Police sources added that the body was taken to GMC and that the viscera would be sent for chemical and forensic analyses to a laboratory in Hyderabad. The first postmortem report has been reserved and the viscus has been sent to the laboratory for a forensic examination.Hilario, from Curtorim, had died under mysterious circumstances on January 1. Roy Fernandes, 20, her boyfriend, was arrested by the Maina-Curtorim police under Section 304-A (causing death due to negligence) on Monday night based on a complaint lodged by the deceased's mother and was subsequently released on bail. Hilario had gone to Fernandes's house for a New Year Eve's party where she took ill and subsequently died. Caitania Hilario, the mother of the deceased, had lodged a complaint with Redkar expressing apprehensions that her daughter was \"harassed and tortured\" by Fernandes, leading to her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11380328", "title": "Nitish, RSS slam BJP for taking tainted neta", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP is yet to hear the last word on its induction of former BSP leader and sacked minister Babu Singh Kushwaha, with senior ally Nitish Kumar and even RSS joining the critics. Having put Congress on the mat for corruption in the past few months, the saffron party scrambled to regain some lost ground by meeting the President on Thursday to demand a special session of Parliament to pass the Lokpal Bill.Kushwaha has been named by the CBI in a case related to the National Rural Health Mission scam in Uttar Pradesh.While BJP leaders petitioned President Pratibha Patil, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar said Kushwaha's induction was wrong and did not set a \"healthy and appropriate precedent\". Kumar hinted that BJP ought to do a rethink, pointing to media reports about differences within the party. \"BJP is also facing opposition within the party for the decision,\" the chief minister said.There was more in-house criticism in an editorial in the latest issue of RSS-affiliated Panchajanya magazine, which called on voters in UP not to support \"party hoppers and criminals\". RSS leader Ram Madhav said the write-up referred to \"general sentiments\" on tainted politicians.\"We can't comment on the party's day-to-day activities ahead of elections. If they have taken a decision we are sure they weighed the pros and cons of its likely consequences and there is no question of RSS being upset with it,\" he said. However, he added: \"There is a general sentiment of course that the issue of tainted politicians cannot be ignored.\"But the RSS \"advisory\" only served to highlight the contradiction in the BJP going to Rashtrapati Bhawan demanding a strong Lokpal while opening the door to Kushwaha. BJP sources said that party president Nitin Gadkari had made it clear at Wednesday's meeting of the central election committee that Kushwaha will have to face the criminal charges against him and law would take its own course. Gadkari did not refer to specific charges.The election committee is to meet again on Friday and it remains to be seen if any of BJP's senior leaders such as L K Advani raise the matter again. Gadkari is believed to be disinclined to review the decision at least till the CBI comes up with \"harder\" evidence against Kushwaha. The party feels that if he is arrested, it will increase a sense of \"martyrdom\" within the Kushwaha community.While BJP tried to argue that the Kushwaha decision was taken with an eye on UP's caste calculus - driven by a bid to attracted a sizeable 9% Kushwaha vote - the explanation seemed like a futile hair-splitting exercise to many. The party has lost a lot of the capital that it sought to build up over the Lokpal issue by backing Team Anna. And its bid to regain the support of the middle classes that it lost to Congress in 2004 might have suffered too.Two BJP MPs voiced their disappointment with the move to induct Kushwaha. Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath warned: that the party would pay a price for taking Kushwaha on board. \"I don't know what possessed the state unit to induct a scam-tainted politician who has been kicked out of the BSP. BJP will pay a heavy price.\"Adityanath was seconded by Darbhanga MP Kirti Azad, who also backed the Panchjanya editorial. \"There is substance in what Yogi Adityanath has said. I joined BJP for clean politics,\" Azad said.The divisions in BJP are sharp, although not too many leaders are keen to come on record. Few in the top brass, apart from Gadkari and some others, are supportive of Kushwaha gambit. The move is seen as a short-sighted gamble with no strong evidence that Kushwaha can actually swing votes BJP's way.But with the surveys commissioned by the party showing a revival of sorts for BJP in UP, the party leadership is looking at Kushwaha to plug a gap in its social support. \"Lodhs and kurmis are receptive to BJP. But Kushwahas are not. And they account for 9% of the vote,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11382129", "title": "Four die of carbon monoxide poisoning", "text": "DIMAPUR: Four people were found dead and three in critical condition in a 13x10 closed room at IG stadium, Kohima. The victims were using three large burners inside the room, which had no outlet for air as even the windowpanes were covered with paper.A source said the cause of death was carbon monoxide poisoning, which leads to death within a very short span of time due to high levels of CO in an enclosed area.According to the source, the bodies were discovered by the manager of the stadium at around 8.45 am on Thursday. The victims were a part of the construction crew hired from Metal Gear, Dimapur for the concert of the Shillong Chamber Choir, which performed at the stadium on Wednesday night.The deceased have been identified as R Tiatemsu, Honjai Konyak, Bendangrenba and Moalong. The three survivors, who were admitted to Naga Hospital Kohima, are Yanger Ao, Bedangliba and Phoyei Konyak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382378", "title": "RPI wants 6 more seats, gets 5", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena is ready to offer five more seats to the Republican Party of India (A) for the February 16 civic elections. Earlier on Thursday, Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party-RPI (Athavale) leaders had gone into a huddle as Athavale demanded an additional six wards.\"I am happy with the outcome of the talks,\" Athavle said after talks with Uddhav Thackeray and other Sena-BJP leaders.Athavale had earlier told mediapersons, \"The Sena-BJP should adhere to the coalition 'dharma' and give us more seats taking into account the Dalit strength in many wards in Mumbai.'' He added, \"We don't want to wreck the seat-sharing talks and put the Sena-BJP into any difficulty. We want to take on the Congress-NCP alliance with collective strength. But the Sena-BJP should respect our sentiments.''The Sena-BJP had earlier offered 24 seats to the RPI. The BJP has given six of its seats to the RPI, and isn't keen on letting the RPI eat into its share any further. \"To fork out more seats to the RPI will upset our grassroot workers,'' a BJP functionary said.Meanwhile, Sena leader Sanjay Raut's meeting with Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar in Mumbai on Thursday created ripples in political circles, as the Nationalist Congress Party is in talks with the Congress on a poll pact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11382133", "title": "Prakash utsav celebrations end", "text": "'Prakash utsav' of Guru Gobind Singh came to an end at Malwa Central College of Education for Women on Thursday. The celebrations started on January 3 in the college campus with shabad recitation by the college team. This was followed by the beginning of Sri Akhand Path Sahib by Navneet Kaur.The 'Akhand Path' was continued by 'pathis' from gurdwara and it concluded on Thursday. College staff and students participated in the decoration of gurdwara, 'langar' preparation and other activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11382054", "title": "KLNLF leader held for possession of illegal arms", "text": "JORHAT: Police on Thursday arrested Karbi Longri National Liberation Front (KLNLF) general secretary Thong Terron from his residence for illegal possession of arms and ammunition.The surrendered militant leader was arrested by police following the confessional statement of another KLNLF cadre, who was arrested with a huge quantity of ammunition on Wednesday. Diphu police station OC Naba Kumar Bora said, \"We have arrested KLNLF general secretary Thong Terron from his residence at Loru Langsu today. The militant leader was held for illegally possessing arms and ammunition.\"He added that a case under Section 25 (1) (A) and 27 of Arms Act has been registered in connection with the incident.Security forces arrested one KLNLF militant, identified as Jamson Engleng, from Diphu area in Karbi Anglong district on Wednesday morning. Some ammunition were found on him. The militant was hiding at the residence of Thong Terron.Police produced the surrendered militant leader at a local court in Karbi Anglong that sent him to three days' police custody. \"We have produced the arrested militant leader before a court which sent him to cop custody,\" the OC said.The KLNLF surrendered before the government in January, 2010, and all leaders and the cadres of the group handed over arms and ammunition to police.As a result, security forces stopped operations against the militant group for the last two years. But the recovery of ammunition from the house of their general secretary's house has turned out to be cause of concern in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11383433", "title": "Proposal to introduce river science as subject", "text": "KANPUR: A three-day long conference on 'Tropical rivers: Hydro-physical processes, impacts, hazards and management' commenced at IIT-Kanpur from Thursday.Scientist from CSIR's Centre for Mathematical Modelling and Computer Simulation, Bangalore, Vinod Gaur delivered a lecture on 'The fluid earth'.Gaur said that every fluid on the earth is in motion be it molten magma, water or sediments. What is most important is the flow of physics which is common to all. He said that pollution in rivers can be measured with the help of river science.Rajiv Sinha of the department of civil engineering, IIT-K, said that a new course named as river science should be introduced in the leading institutions in the country. \"River science is to be introduced as a subject in leading institution in the country. A proposal has been given to the government in this regard. Once this subject gets introduced, we would be promoting the students to chose this subject as river science is important especially at a time when the rivers are in a highly polluted state,\" said Sinha.Talking about the impact of dams and barrages constructed over the rivers, Sinha said that these structures disturb the continuous flow of river and hence the connectivity.Sinha said that thousands of tubewells constructed near Yamuna between Agra and Delhi are a major source of water to the people. Once water is drawn out from the tubewells, it reduces the underground water table. The moment the water level increases in the Yamuna, it (water) goes into the tubewells and recharges the groundwater table. This affects the amount of water in the river and a cause of worry.Several scientists and researchers are taking part in the conference.The programme began with the lighting of the lamp. On day one, two sessions were held where a number of speakers and experts discussed the important aspects of rivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11384016", "title": "Shivraj writes to PM to form experts\u2019 panel", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking the constitution of an experts committee to assess the environmental damages caused by the Bhopal gas disaster twenty seven years ago.The chief minister urged the Centre to include environmental experts from Madhya Pradesh in that special experts committee whose work would be to advise the state regarding the magnitude of the soil and water contamination around the long-redundant Union Carbide factory premises.Chouhan argued that the Group of Ministers , headed by Union home minister P Chidambaram, have expressed their concern about environmental pollution from the Union carbide factory and asked for an assessment of the damages.If included in the committee, the environmental experts from Madhya Pradesh would also guide the state government regarding the action and remediation of pollutants around the Union factory and underground water contamination, the chief minister argued.In the letter, the chief minister stated that disposal of toxic waste dumped by the erstwhile pesticide manufacturing unit should be undertaken on priority. He assured the Prime Minister that the state government would extent all co-operation in the waste disposal and cleaning of Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11384067", "title": "Chidambaram unveils e-office project for BSF personnel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Thursday inaugurated an e-office initiative, Intranet Prahari Project, for Border Security Force (BSF) that is aimed at providing online access to personnel, operational and administrative works.Set up at a cost of Rs 229 crore, the project will benefit about 1.98 lakh BSF personnel across all 237 Battalion level locations of the Central armed police force.\"It will also bring the force commanders and the sector commanders in the close touch with the BSF senior officials at the headquarters. ..I think, this will bring them closer so that decision making is participative and cooperative effort. The idea is to move towards paperless office,\" Chidambaram said while congratulating the force for this project.The system will facilitate operational analysis, efficient planning in the domain of procurement, finance and manpower management resulting in quicker and better decision making and is also expected to considerably reduce paper work. The project was sanctioned by the home ministry last February.Another Central armed police force, Indo Tibetan Border Police (ITBP), has a similar proposal for its personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11383139", "title": "Techies to run for a cause in Mumbai", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mumbai Marathon 2012 will see a group of professionals from Kolkata sweating it out for a noble cause. The team will participate at the marathon to raise funds for an orphanage in the city.An initiative by a Kolkata-based asset finance company, a 24-member team from the organization will take part in Mumbai Marathon on January 15. The group, pooled from the organization's branches across India, comprises seven runners from Kolkata, including a woman.The team has been practicing for over a month now. From following a strict diet chart to a regular physical fitness regime, they run a few kilometers everyday. Team members are not leaving any stone unturned. This is a part of the company's corporate social responsibility.Through the initiative, the company expects to raise about Rs 5-10 lakh. The organization has also started an initiative on a social networking site to gather support for this cause. An application has been put up where each new click on it will add Rs 20 to the fund for the orphanage. The fan page now has around 1,10,000 fans.\"This initiative is really commendable. The amount will go towards the welfare of the children. With the fund, we will be able to take in more children and also organize more extra-curricular activities for them. We are thankful to the company and are confident of the team's success in the forthcoming marathon,\" said Sister Nectaria of the orphanage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11385622", "title": "Amitabh hit me and cried: Shatrughan Sinha", "text": "In my career, I've gone through various tough scenes - emotional and physical. However, the one that was especially tough was a fight sequence between me and Amitabh Bachchan in one of our earlier films, Bombay To Goa.Amitabh played the hero. I played the villain. It was a simple fight scene to start with. I had to hold Amitabh tightly from the back with both my hands. The shot was going rather well. I was holding on to my dear friend and colleague from the back. But Amitabh being Amitabh, intense and truly involved with the scene, got carried away and hit my mouth hard with the back of his head.The impact was brutal. For a second everything went dizzy and quiet around me. And then, my mouth started bleeding profusely.Luckily, the damage wasn't as much as it looked at the time. But the panic on location was something I would never forget. And I have to tell you one thing. The one person who panicked the most was Amitabh.Amitabh had tears in his eyes. I will never forget his concern for me at the time. Such things happen during shoots. But when you have a co-star who cares so much, you are not the least daunted by the pain.Amitabh's concern at the time washed away my pain. Later, of course, a lot happened to create stress between us. By the time we did a big fight scene in Kala Patthar, all the spontaneity was gone. We were concerned about how many punches each one of us had to throw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381735", "title": "India ready for talks with govt of any kind in Pak: Foreign secretary", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Pakistan stares at another spell of uncertainty in the wake of the ongoing strife between the army and civilian government, India on Thursday said it would prefer democracy in that country but was willing to talk to work with any dispensation to normalize ties.Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said irrespective of one's liking, India has to find a way to get along and manage a normal relationship with Pakistan irrespective of who is in government there.\"We will obviously prefer to deal with a democratic government in Pakistan. But we will learn and live with any kind of government that Pakistan has,\" he told at an interactive session with participants of Jagriti Yatra 2011 here.Mathai was responding to a question from a participant whether a \"weak democracy\" in Pakistan is a problem for India to deal with it.\"We have found that democracies don't go on war.... Generally, in any democracy, the government of the day tends to be focused on the most priorities of the people and those that we know from our own experiences that priorities like the day-to-day problems, development issues and sometimes that of survival,\" he said.The FS said India has had a \"chequered history\" in dealing with Pakistan in the past.\"Be that as it may, we can choose friends but you can't choose neighbours. Whether you like it or you don't like it, you need to find a way to get along and manage a normal relationship irrespective of who is in government in Pakistan,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11381877", "title": "Feast your eyes on art works of artists from across India", "text": "Art connoisseurs of Mysore can now feast their eyes on the brilliant art work of students from around the country. Students from top fine arts colleges were at the premier Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts (CAVA) for a week to explore their skills in different mediums. At the end of the exercise, their creativity will be put on display at the arts college at CTI building, this weekend.Students from J J School of Arts, Chitra Kala Parishad and students from Delhi, Baroda and Kerala took part in the workshop. The purpose behind the workshop is to exchange ideas. Students say they can build networks and contacts through such programmes. The workshop was conducted as a campaign for products, self-study and experience, with focus on experience-based works. A total of 50 students attended the event.Sudhir Beejady, a final year BFA student said it is the exchange of ideas what makes the workshop more exciting. For Naushah K it is amazing to see the difference in thoughts, ideas and experiences. \"Art is versatile. It is simply splendid to see how art differs from place to place,\" says Pavan Kikkeri.Utkarsh, a student from Vadodra, who participated in the workshop, says the ambience at CAVA inspired every work he did here. \"I have also done several experience-based paintings on how I felt when I first landed in this city. It's a mixed feeling,\" adds Utkarsh. The workshop for final year students focused on unique techniques like platography. This is the fourth national workshop hosted by CAVA, where resourcepersons from across country came and taught students.Tribute to father-guruIt'll be a tribute that a student will be paying to her father-guru, when T S Sree Lakshmi presents a ballet this Friday. Trained in Bharatanatyam, Odissi, Manipuri, Mohiniyattam and Kathak, the BCom student is presenting the ballet at 'Nrutya Samarpana,' the musical event at Jaganmohan Palace auditorium dedicated to the memory of T S Somashekar, a noted artiste. The Uma Maheshwara Nrutya Kalakshetra is hosting the show in memory of Somashekar, its founder.Sree Lakshmi began learning dance at a young age from her father. She has presented shows in many European countries including Switzerland , Belgium and Germany. The dance institute started in 1951 was promoted by Somashekar in a big way till his death in January 2008. Since then, it has been hosting dance and music festivals in his memory in January every year. The specialty this edition is that his daughter is presenting a ballet. \"I feel proud to have learnt the art from him and I dedicate it to my father and guru,\" Sree Lakshmi said.In the later years, she learnt dance from D K Venkatalakshamma and Nandini Eshwar and is now happy that she is continuing the tradition by becoming director of the dance institute. She is now working as a dance teacher at JSS Public School, JP Nagar.Ganesh Rao Kutyadi, retired principal, has been conferred with 'DVG Muktaka Sahitya Award' by the city-based Karnataka Muktaka Sahitya Academy Trust for the year 2011. The award will be presented on January 29. Rao has written around 20,000 limericks.The city-based Mysooru.com has organized a film song competition for Mysoreans. For details visit: www.mysooru.com or call 93432600001City-based photojournalist Nagesh Panathale has won first place in the national photography contest organized by Jodhpur Jodhana Photojournalist Society. Nagesh has been awarded in photojournalism digital section category for capturing a leopard in his camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11381999", "title": "Amritsar to host NSD's national &amp; international theatre fest", "text": "AMRITSAR: The National School of Drama (NSD) ushers in the New Year by hosting its annual national and international theatre festival, the Bharat Rang Mahotsav. And this year the festival will travel to Amritsar, where 12 Indian and seven international plays will be staged from January 7. As a tribute to Rabindranath Tagore, whose 150th birth anniversary is being celebrated across the country, the 14th edition of the \"mahotsav\" will focus on his genius as a visionary playwright and on his contribution to contemporary Indian theatre.Anuradha Kapoor, director of NSD said that apart from the focus on Tagore, they also have other plays that would reflect the complex contemporary languages of theatre across India. Some directors have come up with new scripts based on short stories, archival material, history and oral narrative. Dance, drama, song and text are interwoven into an intricate language of expression in these plays.Kewal Dhaliwal, coordinator of the festival said that the international dimension comprises performances, equally varied in their theatrical vocabulary, stylistics and collaborative aspirations as the national ones.He further said that 19 national and international plays would be staged in Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381814", "title": "Sanskrit doesn\u2019t belong to any race or religion: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday said like the Indian civilization, Sanskrit does not belong to any particular race, sect or religion. Sanskrit, he said, is the spirit of India.Addressing the 15th World Sanskrit Conference in the Capital, Singh said the spirit of liberalism and tolerance embedded in it must be inculcated in our present-day life. He said the government will further strengthen efforts for promotion, development and enrichment of the ancient language. \"Like the civilization of India, Sanskrit does not belong to any particular race, sect or religion. It represents a culture that is not narrow and sectarian but open tolerant and all-embracing...It is this spirit of liberalism and tolerance embedded in Sanskrit that we must inculcate in our present-day life,\" Singh said.Singh noted that Sanskrit, which is recognized as one of the oldest living languages in world, is often misunderstood as only a language of religious hymns and rituals. \"Such an understanding does great injustice to the great genius of the language and betrays ignorance of the work of great writers, thinkers, sages and scientists like Kautilya, Charaka, Sushruta, Aryabhata, Varahmihira, Brahmagupta, Bhaskaracharya and others,\" he said. Maintaining that Sanskrit has a treasure of knowledge of mathematics, medicines, botany, chemistry, arts and humanities, the PM said if we provide the missing links and establish the required inter-disciplinary approaches, the wisdom of Sanskrit has the potential of enriching the present-day knowledge systems and Indian languages immensely. He said the government is committed to promotion and the development of Sanskrit.HRD minister Kapil Sibal emphasized on inclusion of contemporary concepts into old Sanskrit texts on various subjects, including science and medicines, to widen the language's scope and make them relevant and useful in the present day situations. He called for a \"little introspection\" on the issue, while noting that the study of the rich and vast Sanskrit texts on these subjects has not been continued in the present era. \"We all recognize that works in Sanskrit had greatly contributed to subjects like astronomy, astrology, economics, political science, ethics, logic, philosophy architecture, ayurveda, botany, zoology, physiology to name a few. These were subjects in themselves, which is quite different from studying of Sanskrit language per se,\" he said.The six-day event, being organized by the HRD ministry and International Association of Sanskrit Studies (IASS) and attended by scholars and delegates from around 32 countries, will deliberate on a diverse range of topics like poetry, drama and aesthetics, scientific literature, Buddhist studies, Jain studies, Sanskrit and regional languages and literatures, and Vedas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382909", "title": "Absconding couple's property ad tips off police", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An advertisement about a property for sale turned out to be the tip-off city police were looking for on whereabouts of a con couple. The husband-wife duo had allegedly gone missing after duping people of Rs 60 lakh by promising to get them visas.Ahmedabad-based couple Devendra and Pooja Chauhan used to run a visa consultancy firm. They have been absconding since 2009 after they were accused of running away with the money deposited with them by gullible people as fee for foreign countries visas.A complaint was filed against them at Ellisbridge police station. During investigations, police found that the couple had fled to the UK. Police got a red corner notice issued against the couple declared them wanted in India and abroad. Since it is standard procedure to attach property of absconding accused, the police officials were at their wits' end as they could not locate any property registered in their names. Later, the trail went as clue was found about the couple.Cut to a recent advertisement seeking title clearance about a plot in Bopal. This advertisement was spotted by a person who knew that the plot, worth Rs 5 crore, was owned by the con couple, and tipped Ellisbridge police. Police said that the advertisement has been issued by a lawyer on the couple's behalf seeking title clearance for the sale of the land plot.\"We have contacted the lawyer and will try and get through to the person who placed the advertisement. We are hopeful that we will be able to track down the couple in the UK. Once we know where they are, we can contact the UK police to nab them,\" police inspector B K Purohit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11381019", "title": "US fixes \u2018goof\u2019, shows PoK as disputed area", "text": "NEW DELHI: The US state department finally put up a new India map on its website, showing PoK as a disputed territory and admitted that the earlier map was a ``goof''. The earlier map, which showed PoK as a part of Pakistan, was taken off by the US state department after strong protests by India following a report in TOI.US state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said that the new map reflected that Washington did not take any position on what was a disputed territory. \"We made a goof and we fixed it and we're now back in compliance with our own cartographical policy,\" said Nuland.New Delhi, though, on Wednesday pointed out that there were ``gross inaccuracies'' in the map of India on the US state department website. The foreign ministry reiterated in a statement that the entire state of Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of the country.\"The government has consistently rejected incorrect depiction of India's borders on maps used by the US Government. It has used every opportunity to convey to the US side its concern in this regard, and has asked that these maps be corrected. We shall reiterate our position to the US,'' it said in a statement late on Wednesday.The website earlier carried a map of India under the thumbnail, A to Z list of countries, which ignored New Delhi's claims over the area by showing it in Pakistan. The US state department took off the maps of both India and Pakistan after New Delhi reacted strongly.The new map has a dotted line representing the 1972 LoC which, according to the US, reflects Kashmir's unresolved status. The Pakistan map too is back on the website, and while areas in PoK are still shown in Pakistan, there is a dotted line to show the 1972 LoC.\"We neglected to actually label that dotted line in the last round of maps. It has now been labeled. The maps also add our standard disclaimer with regard to Kashmir that says that names and boundary representations are not necessarily authoritative. As I said, that reflects the fact that this is in dispute and the US takes no position on the dispute,\" Nuland added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11381040", "title": "Congress, TMC spar over farmers\u2019 issue", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress is looking to expand its political space in West Bengal before the panchayat elections due late this year and the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 as its relationship with the Trinamool Congress goes downhill. Senior state Congress leaders said the party is likely to increase its anti-Trinamool pitch.In the last assembly election, the Congress won 42 seats as against CPM's 41. The Congress would like to consolidate its position before the panchayat polls. So, the party is zealously taking up issues like falling paddy price in south Bengal, which is its stronghold. \"A 127-year-old party has the right to grow on its own strength. It need not play second fiddle to any other party,\" said Pradesh Congress general secretary Om Prakash Misra on Thursday.Trinamool leader and industries minister Partha Chatterjee accused Congress of shedding \"crocodile tears\" over the plight of farmers. \"Everyone knows the procurement price of paddy is fixed by the Centre and fertilizer prices were decontrolled in 2010. Where was the Congress when fertile agricultural land in Singur was being grabbed? It is not dignified to oppose the government while being a part of it,\" said Chatterjee.Manas Bhunia, Congress leader and a minister in Mamata's government, said, \"Being a part of the government, we have not crossed the Lakshman Rekha. But it is not possible to gag us.\"Congress will go ahead with a programme to gherao district officials to protest against falling prices of agricultural produce. In north Bengal, the party will step up its demand to set up a branch of the All India Institute of Medical Science at Raiganj, said Congress MP Deepa Das Munshi. State Youth Congress will begin its dharna programme led by its president Mausam Noor, a member of Rahul Gandhi's youth brigade.Congress leaders took potshots at Chatterjee's statement that their candidates would lose security deposit if they contested polls without Mamata Banerjee's support. \"Till Trinamool struck a pre-poll alliance with the Congress, its vote percentage did not cross 25. So, the same thing can be said about Trinamool - their candidates would find it difficult to win without Congress,\" said Misra.The state government initiative to rename Indira Bhavan as Nazrul Bhavan had provided Congress leaders an opportunity to oppose the regime of which they are a part. Political observers though are perplexed why Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee offered the Congress a chance to criticize her. Mamata is not so naive to think Congress would not react on the renaming issue, they said. She had also changed the name of Jyoti Basu Nagar to the earlier Rajarhat New Town and got away with a low-key protest from the CPM.Some Trinamool leaders claimed Mamata did not suggest the renaming of Indira Bhavan but some other leaders of her party did. Sources close to Mamata though said she could have done it deliberately to gauge the extent to which Congress would oppose her. \"In a situation where neither ally trusts the other, each would like to measure the water before taking the plunge,\" said an observer.The Congress was upset about Mamata's opposition to FDI in retail, Teesta water-sharing deal with Bangladesh and petrol price hike. Ahead of the assembly polls, the Trinamool is poaching in Congress territory. Several Congress leaders, including Sabitri Mitra and Sukhendu Sekhar Ray have joined the Trinamool. On Thursday, Malda Congress leader Shahnaz Hussain Quadri joined Trinamool. For Congress, it could be a fight for political survival in Bengal.Trinamool leaders feared the Congress high command was looking for new allies to marginalize them in the UPA government. They were sore that the financial bailout package for Bengal was much below their expectation. Political wrangles in Delhi would be clear after UP assembly results, a Trinamool leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386277", "title": "Sukh Ram in coma, counsel tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI, Former union minister Sukh Ram, convicted in a 1993 telecom scam and ordered to surrender, has slipped into a state of coma, his counsel on Friday told a Delhi court which deferred the matter for tomorrow.\"He has gone into coma, he cannot move from hospital,\" his counsel told Special CBI Judge Dharmesh Sharma.Sukh Ram, 86, was directed by the Supreme Court to surrender before the trial court yesterday but he avoided the same citing medical reasons.His counsel had submitted that Sukh Ram was hospitalised after undergoing computerised tomography (CT) angiography.Special Judge Sharma deferred the matter for tomorrow as concerned Special CBI Judge Sanjiv Jain was on leave today.\"As the applicant/convict has gone into coma and judge incharge is on leave and is joining his duty tomorrow let the matter be put up for consideration before him tomorrow at 10am,\" Special Judge Sharma said.The two other convicts -- former bureaucrat Runu Ghosh and Hyderabad-based businessman P Rama Rao -- had surrendered before the trial court yesterday and were sent to jail to serve their sentence of two and three years respectively.While upholding their conviction, the high court had directed all the three convicts to surrender before the trial court on January 5 to undergo their jail terms.The three convicts had approached the apex court to grant them relief so that they would not have to surrender.The apex court, however, refused to entertain their plea, saying that their appeal against the Delhi high court would be listed for hearing only after they surrender before the trial court.Sukh Ram's counsel had approached the court yesterday with a plea that he be taken into judicial custody at the hospital itself. The court, however, had said the the plea would be heard by the concerned special judge today.The high court had on December 21 last year upheld the lower court's 2002 judgement holding Sukh Ram and two others guilty of being part of a criminal conspiracy to defraud the state exchequer by awarding a telecom equipment supply contract to Hyderabad's Advanced Radio Masts (ARM) which had supplied inferior goods at a higher rate to the DoT.While Sukh Ram and ARM's Managing Director Rama Rao had been sentenced to three years in jail each, former Department of Telecom (DoT) Deputy Director General Runu Ghosh had been sentenced to two years imprisonment for her role in the 1993 telecom scam case.Besides the jail term, the convicts were also asked to pay a fine of Rs 2 lakh each.Sukh Ram, telecom minister between January 18, 1993 and May 16, 1996, in the Narasimha Rao government, had conspired with Ghosh and Rama Rao and approved the ARM Ltd's bid despite its rates being higher than other bidders.Subsequent to the registration of various cases, the CBI, in 1996, had allegedly seized Rs 3.6 crore cash, concealed in bags and suitcases, from Sukh Ram's residence here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383745", "title": "Lift starts moving as 60-yr-old steps out of it, drags and kills her", "text": "MUMBAI: A 60-year-old woman from Ulhasnagar died on Thursday evening after being dragged up one floor while coming out of a lift.The incident occurred around 7.30pm when Rajni Bhatia, who lived on the first floor of Rukmani apartment, took the lift to get to her flat. According to her neighbours, as she was coming out of the lift, it suddenly started moving up. \"Her upper body was outside the lift when it started moving. The neighbours raised the alarm and also called the liftman who took a while to reach the spot,\" said her brother Kishan.Rajni's husband Amarlal was inside their flat at the time of the incident. Kishan blamed the society for poor maintenance of the lifts.The Central police said they were recording statements and were yet to register any complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11381964", "title": "Snowfall on Dhauladhars cheers hoteliers and tourists", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Fresh spell of snow on the Dhauladhar ranges here has spread a wave of cheer among tourists and hoteliers, as they are now expecting an encouraging tourist turnout this weekend. The snow-capped Dhauladhar ranges have also brought smiles on the faces of tourists in Mcleodganj who have been waiting for snow since the past couple of days. The hill station was earlier wearing a deserted look as a large number of Tibetans have left for Bodhgaya in Bihar for the Kalachakra teachings.This is perhaps the first snowfall of the season, and snowflakes that fell in Mcleodganj fascinated tourists and sightseers. Mild snowfall had started on Wednesday morning but the majestic Dhauladhar ranges got draped under a sheet of snow only on Thursday after heavy snowfall in the night. Hoteliers are now expecting a good inflow of tourists this weekend. People who had to come Mcleodganj for New Year celebrations, did not get to see snow on New Year's eve.\"This will mean good business for the people engaged in the tourism industry. All are elated with the snowfall and are now hoping for more tourists to come,\" smiled Deepak Dewan, a travel agent in Mcleodganj.\"This is the first weekend in the new year and tourists who did not come here to celebrate New Year as there was no snowfall this season, will surely arrive this weekend,\" enthused Akhilesh, a manager of a hotel in Mcleodganj.Nitin, a tourist from Delhi said that this place is surrounded by lofty peaks which are looking heavenly after the snowfall.\"For people from the plains who have rarely seen snowfall, this is a rare opportunity,\" he said.Minimum temperature recorded in Dharamshala on Wednesday was 2 degrees celsius and the maximum temperature was 12 degrees celsius. The meteorological department has predicted more snow till January 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383791", "title": "AP wants rest houses for TN pilgrims along highway to Tirupati", "text": "CHENNAI: The Andhra Pradesh government has expressed its intention to build rest houses along the Chennai-Tirupati highway for the benefit of devotees who walk to the hill temple. Andhra Pradesh minister for major irrigation and medium irrigation Ponnala Lakshmiah met Tamil Nadu Hindu religious and charitable endowments minister M S M Anandan in the secretariat earlier this week and discussed the feasibility of constructing the rest houses on the highway.Sources in the Hindu religious and charitable endowments department in Tamil Nadu said, \"The Andhra Pradesh government wanted Tamil Nadu to allot land along the highway. It will take care of the construction of the rest houses, while giving the charge of maintaining them to Tamil Nadu.\"Many people from the state walk to the Tirumala temple in Andhra Pradesh, about 159km from Chennai, throughout the year. Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa was likely to take a decision soon on the AP government demand, the sources said.The AP irrigation minister also showed interest in various schemes adopted by temples in TN, such as the 'annadanam' (free-meal) scheme and marriage scheme for poor people.The ministers also discussed the issue of alleged encroachments of the Guntur Amaravathi temple land on Old Mahabalipuram Road (OMR) at Thalambur on the outskirts of Chennai.Nearly 100 acres, valued around Rs 700 crore, is allegedly under illegal occupation. According to the source, the ministers sought an early end to the issue and have asked the Tamil Nadu revenue department to check the land records.The Tamil Nadu government has also agreed in principle to a proposal of the Tirumala Tirupati Devastanams (TTD) to build a temple in Kanyakumari. The land for the proposed temple will be donated by the Kanyakumari-based Swami Vivekananda Trust. TTD also has plans to construct more temples near Chennai and across Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383585", "title": "Technocon-12 at Datta Meghe engineering college", "text": "NAGPUR: Datta Meghe Institute of Engineering, Technology &amp; Research of Wardha and Indian Society for Technical Education (ISTE) are organizing Technocon-12, a two-day national conference on innovative trends for technology developments, on January 6 and 7.The conference is an interdisciplinary one, focusing on thrust areas in the disciplines of civil, computer science, information technology, electrical, mechanical, electronics &amp; telecommunication engineering, applied sciences and management technology. More than 160 delegates from all over India and abroad will participate in the conference.Dr DM Dewaikar, an internationally-renowned emeritus professor from IIT Mumbai, will inaugurate the conference, at 10.30am on January 6. Dr RV Kshirsagar, dean, faculty of engineering, RTM Nagpur University, and Sagar Meghe, Dr Gopalrao Kulkarni and Dr JP Modak will be keynote speakers. Renowned experts and eminent personalities from IIT Bombay, IIT Delhi, research scholars and academicians from various parts of the country will present research papers.Principals from various institutions in the regions, experts from industry, professors, assistant professors, lecturers and students will attend the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383843", "title": "Over 1 crore Mumbaikars eligible to get inked", "text": "MUMBAI: When Mumbai goes to polls in February, it will boast of an additional 2.45 lakh voters since the 2009 assembly elections. As per the latest electoral rolls-which were released by the city and suburban collectors on Thursday-over 1.02 crore Mumbaikars across 227 municipal wards will be eligible to vote for the BMC elections on February 16.The data offers a fascinating view of Mumbai's electoral landscape. In sheer numbers, suburban Mumbai takes precedence over the island city with over 1.92 lakh first-time voters. This is nearly four times more than the island city, which has 52,663 newly registered voters.Chandrasekhar Oak , island city collector, said there are more than 27.95 lakh voters across the 63 municipal wards that fall in his jurisdiction. In the 164 municipal wards under the jurisdiction of the suburban collector, Nirmalkumar Deshmukh, the total number of eligible voters is over 74.84 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "11383038", "title": "Tribals oppose proposed tiger reserve in Adilabad", "text": "ADILABAD: The three-day padayatra launched by hundreds of tribals opposing the proposed tiger zone in Adilabad district reached the district headquarters on Thursday afternoon.The padayatra, which began in Utnoor mandal headquarters, passed through 70 km and reached the district collectorate where the adivasis staged a dharna on the main road leading to traffic jam on the National Highway 44.The tribals under the aegis of Adivasis Vikas Parishad (AVP) were opposing the government's plan to set up a tiger zone near Gannaram. Addressing the dharna, AVP district president Kanaka Yadava Rao lambasted the government for making plans to evacuate tribals from their habitations. \"It is not proper on the part of the officials to take major decisions without taking the consent of local tribals.\"Yadava Rao said the tribals would not fall prey to the designs of the government who wants to lure them with alternative land sites. He urged the government to take public opinion first. and talk about rehabilitation plan later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11387833", "title": "The-Dream made millions from Rihanna", "text": "The-Dream made $15 million by writing 'Umbrella' for Rihanna.The producer claims he typically commands a high percentage of royalties for the tracks he writes but the Rihanna track - which was a number one single in fifteen countries - is one of his biggest payouts.He told BBC Radio1 DJ Tim Westwood: \"That one, I'd say was maybe about 15 million.\"However, not all of The-Dream's hits have led to him to big paycheques, as when he made Justin Bieber's biggest hit, 'Baby', he only asked the record company to pay for his hotel room.He added: \"I said to the Def Jam A&R;, 'Okay. You pay for my hotel room - I was in New York and I stay at the Plaza - and I'll write you a record.'\"And he said, 'No, we're not going to pay for your hotel room,' and I said, 'Okay, well I'm not gonna write you a record.' So, I guess everybody thought about it, then they were like, 'O.K., Let's pay for it.'\"The-Dream - real name Terius Nash - has also worked on songs for Beyonce Knowles , Ciara , P. Diddy and Janet Jackson.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11383227", "title": "Nirupama Rao calls for gender parity in science", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: India's ambassador to US Nirupama Rao on Thursday called for steps to attract and retain more women in science. Inaugurating the Women's Science Congress running parallel to the 99th Indian Science Congress here, Rao said, \"There are very few women scientists in India. We must ask as to why there is a relative absence of women in science.\" The diplomat added that the percentage of women was less in science in most developing countries. \"There should be policy solutions to remove gender disparity,\" she said.Pitching for an out of the box thinking, Rao said, \"Think big if we have to emerge as a global leader in science and harness the potential of science as an agent for transformation and development.\" Advocating the need for an enabling environment for women to remain in science, Rao said many women have to leave their careers in science to play societal roles. Many face discrimination right at the childhood in getting education at par with their male counterparts, she said.Top women scientists present in the ISC said one needed to have steely determination and commitment to become a scientist. \"I don't think there is any discrimination against women, at least in defence sector where I work. But one has to work very hard to remain a scientist,\" said Dr Tessy Thomas, project director, Agni 4, ASL, Hyderabad.Australian scientist Dr Sarah Dunlop said in country like hers science is evenly shared by the two genders. \"I fail to understand what is so hard about science. But retention of anyone in science would be subject to potential dedication,\" she said.Addressing the Women's Science Congress, minister of state for human resources development D Purandeswari said women force comprises only a small percentage of the scientific and academic community. Programmes should be worked out to empower women through innovative scientific activities, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11381340", "title": "Murder of ex-lover\u2019s fianc\u00e9e: Anushree Kundra denied bail", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Cantonment court on Wednesday rejected the bail plea of Anushree Kundra (39) of New Delhi, who was arrested for allegedly burning alive Juhi Prasad, the fiancee of her former lover.Kundra has been accused of murdering 26-year-old Juhi Prasad, a Delhi lawyer and a family friend of BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy, on October 13 at her fiance's rented flat at Wanowrie.Nimesh Sinha, reportedly Kundra's former lover who got engaged with the victim, survived with minor burn injuries. The accused was allegedly angry after hearing about Sinha's engagement to Juhi and went to his Pune residence, where she entered into a verbal duel with Juhi and Sinha. Later, she set the couple on fire while they were asleep, the police say. Juhi suffered more than 90% burns and succumbed to her injuries in hospital.Kundra, manager of a private company in Bangalore, was arrested after she surrendered before the court on November 15. She had filed a bail plea on technical grounds that the police had not filed a plea to extend her judicial custody on December 8.Her lawyer Vaibhav Jathar submitted that Kundra's detention had become illegal and she was entitled to be released on bail as per section 167 of the CrPC and Article 21 and 22 of the Indian Constitution.According to Jathar, the police had not given any reason why she was not produced before the court on December 8 and it amounted to violation of section 167 (2) of the CrPc which says that the magistrate will not authorise detention of a suspect if the suspect is not produced before the court.Investigating officer Arun Walture, however, filed a say stating he had filed a plea on December 12 and on December 23 for extending Kundra's judicial custody.Assistant public prosecutor B R Patil argued that Kundra was in magisterial custody till date and that she cannot be granted bail as per section 167 of the CrPc on the grounds that she was not produced before the court. Patil said the accused can claim bail under section 167 (2) of the CrPc only if the police failed to file chargesheet within 90 days.Judicial magistrate first class J A Kotnis, in her order, said that if the accused had filed a bail plea alleging that her detention between December 8 and 12 was illegal, the situation could have been considered differently.Observing that if the accused wants to take benefit of the alleged period then she may approach the proper forum, the magistrate rejected her bail plea as a judicial order was passed for keeping her in magisterial custody till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383553", "title": "It's raining jobs at IIT-Madras: Over 60% picked up", "text": "CHENNAI: Less than a month after campus placements began at the Indian Institute of Technology-Madras, 63% of the 1,208 students who registered have been offered jobs. The rate of recruitment has looked up since last year.As many as 209 companies have recruited 769 students, including 221 BTech, 183 dual degree, 213 MTech, 62 MBA, four from MA Humanities and Social Sciences, 10 MSc, 58 MS and 18 PhD. Last year, 172 companies recruited 627 students. In 2011, core engineering companies dominated recruitmentwith115companies visiting the campus. Information technology companies came in second with 38 of them hiring students.While six public sector units, including NTPC , HAL, ISRO, Indian Navy and Power Grid, came looking for fresh talent, first timers like Sony Corporation (Japan), Pocket Gems (US), Infoaxe (US), EPIC (US), Honda (Japan), NTT Communications (Japan), Gulf Talent, Social Soft(US), Hyundai Motors, Paypal , WS Atkins , UoP Honeywell andCommvaultwere alsoon campus.New entrant Pocket Gems, a mobile gaming developer in the US, picked three students for the highest pay package of $1,35,000. One of them declined the offer. On an average, students wereofferedbetween 4lakh and 15 lakh per annum as salary this year. Hyundai Motors offered other incentives: Employees will be sent for a two-year postgraduate programme in a management or engineering school in South Korea. On completion of the sponsored programme, they will work at the company headquarters in SouthKorea for two years. Candidates will have the chance to work for two years at any of thecompany'soverseas offices. They recruited two students for 25 lakh per annum.IIT-Madras is resuming the placement operations from Thursday with two or three companies visiting. Deputy registrar for training, placement and public relations B Nagarajan said the placement season could continue up to May if needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11384151", "title": "Police gear up to crackdown on Daman bootleggers", "text": "SURAT: The illegal liquor network between bootleggers in Daman and Gujarat that was paralyzed by strict police action in 2010 has revived. This is evident from the fact that nearly 4 lakh bottles of of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) smuggled from Daman were seized in Valsad in the 11 months of 2011.Police investigation has revealed that all this liquor was distilled and bottled in Daman and was pumped in Gujarat by historysheeter bootleggers that includes some of the big distillery owners.And now, police is gearing up to crack down on this network once again.The network was destroyed in 2010 by then Surat range inspector general, A K Singh when a number of bootleggers from Daman were arrested and as investigation moved on, seven major distillery owners were also put behind bars. The police action had revealed excise evasion of Rs 350 crore by the distilleries and the inquiry was handed over to CBI.On Thursday, a meeting of senior officials of Gujarat and Daman was held in Daman in which the issue of illegal pumping in of liquor and loss of excise to government was discussed. Hasmukh Patel, deputy inspector general, Surat range, D B Vaghela, superintendent of police, Valsad, Mohanjit Singh, development commissioner, Daman and Rajesh Khurana, deputy inspector general, Daman were present along with other officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "11383381", "title": "Man kills daughter, injures wife and son", "text": "GORAKHPUR: A man, identified as Ramgyan Singh (45), attacked his family members with an axe in Kushinagar on Tuesday night. His elder daughter Jyoti died in the attack. The man's wife Srivasta Devi, son Vishal (16) and another daughter Kruti were injured in the incident. Family dispute was stated to be the reason behind the attack. Ramgyan also tried to set the house on fire in which he received burn injuries.Superintendent of police BD Palson said that Ramgyan closed the doors of his house at around 10:00 am and started attacking the family members. A large number of villagers gathered in front of his house. The door was broken in the presence of police.The injured children were rushed to . Ramgyan and his injured wife were admitted to the community health centre in Kaptanganj. Further investigations are on into the matter.UGC scheme to meet shortage of varsity teacherstimes news networkGorakhpur: Struggling with the shortage of teachers, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Gorakhpur University has decided to compensate it with UGC faculty recharge programme.A meeting of the head of the departments was held to discuss the issue. It was presided over by officiating vice-chancellor Rajendra Prasad. He said that the HRD ministry, in collaboration with UGC, has decided to provide teachers to all the universities facing shortage. The UGC has prepared a list of 1000 such teachers to be inducted in several universities.Prasad asked all the HoDs to submit a proposal regarding the need of teachers in the departments. The teachers will be appointed for a period of five years, subject to performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382014", "title": "'Young desis still prefer to work abroad'", "text": "MUMBAI: Young India's fixation with the West continues even though many non-resident Indians and expats believe this is their preferred place of work. Even the growing economy at home, clocking one of the best growth rates in the world, hasn't deterred the young workforce here from wanting to take a flight abroad.Despite the gloom surrounding the developed economies, a majority of younger employees in India are keen on seeking jobs abroad that, too, without a pay hike, according to findings of a survey conducted by a global recruitment firm. Although, jobs may have dried up in the sluggish developed countries, young Indian professionals below 40 years still prefer to go out of India, said Ma Foi Randstad's quarterly review of 'mental mobility status' of employees globally. In fact, India ranks the highest on the mobility index.Talking to TOI, E Balaji, MD &amp; CEO of Ma Foi Randstad, said, \"This is what youngsters in their 20s and 30s prefer but that does not mean job opportunities are available in these markets. The urban young prefer the Western economies like US, Europe, South-East Asia, Europe and Australia, if given a choice to work abroad.\" As many as 39% employees with lower educational qualifications said they would move abroad even if they do not manage a pay hike while a bigger chunk of employees with higher education - 60% - said they will opt to work outside at the same salary. A significantly higher proportion of men-79%-expect to go abroad for work that promises higher pay compared to 65% women.While India has seen a back flow of talent in the recent years in the backdrop of the financial crisis which hit the world in 2008, the survey indicates that young Indians do not mind getting a global exposure professionally. \" If you look at the 60% who have said they want to move abroad, a majority of them would consider working outside of India for six months or a year. Not that all of these would be ready to migrate to another country,\" said Surabhi Mathur-Gandhi, VP (IT sourcing) at Teamlease Services. The IT sector which emerged in the early 2000s as a big draw for middle-class young Indians was a lot to do with it offering opportunities to work abroad. But things have changed over the years with challenging work coming to India, added Gandhi from Teamlease, a staffing services firm. \" The reason for wanting to go out of India in the IT sector is not because of the quality of work on offer here, it is largely because people want a lifestyle change,\" she said.The survey said that while globally employees do not want to move abroad for jobs with less than a third of the respondents worldwide supporting the idea China and India, stood out as 64% and 58% of employees, respectively, said they would move abroad if they got the right job. In another extreme, employees in countries such as Denmark, Japan, Luxembourg and Switzerland indicated they want to stay put even if they get a pay rise.Sunil Goel, director, GlobalHunt, an HR recruitment firm, said, \"Though salaries in India have gone up and become globally competitive, the young Indian wants to taste theforeign soil and get more exposure in their respective professions. Opting for a job abroad still works like a dream come true for young Indians as they are attracted by better lifestyle, best in class infrastructure, organized policies and governance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11381840", "title": "HC adjourns MoI case to Janaury 10", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Thursday adjourned the hearing of final arguments on the medium of instruction (MoI) case to January 10.When the petitions filed by educationist Pandurang Nadkarni and others came up before a division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre, the lawyers of all the parties urged to take up the case for further hearing on January 10. Subsequently, the court accepted their prayer.The petitions are filed challenging the cabinet decision for providing grants to English medium primary schools in the state and the subsequent circular issued by the department of education (DoE).On December 22, 2011, the high court had directed the state government to file, by January 4, 2012, the action taken report against primary schools that had changed the MoI in violation of its earlier orders. On July 18, 2011, the high court had passed an order not to implement the cabinet's decision on MoI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11381745", "title": "OBC panel studying Gujjar quota exists only on paper", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan State Backward Classes Commission, which was to study a quantifiable data of the Other Backward Classes (OBC) people in the state to know if the state government was justified in raising the quota limit to 68%, has been going on without a chairperson or members for the past nine months.As per the high court directions, the Commission was to give its findings on the Gujjar and other OBC communities' demand for increased quota in government jobs and educational institutes on the basis of the quantifiable data that was to be provided by the state government by December 2011. The government is still in the process of collecting the data, while the Commission is waiting for the appointments of its chairman, member secretary and three members since March 2011.\"The procedure to make appointments in the Commission is underway and the chief minister will soon be making an announcement in this regard,\" minister for social justice and empowerment Ashok Bairwa said on Thursday.Even as most of the political appointments were made soon after the cabinet reshuffle and expansion in November, chief minister Ashok Gehlot is yet to find a chairperson for the Commission that is poised to play an important role in the reservation demands that have been bothering the state government for over four years now. The Commission got its last chairman, PK Tiwari, too after much delay and at the intervention of the high court in March 2008.The Gujjars have already expressed their annoyance with the Gehlot government for allegedly delaying their demand for separate 5% quota as Special Backward Classes, which, as per the reservation Act of 2008, also includes Rebaris, Garia-Lohars and Banjaras. Demanding an early resolution of the issue, the Gujjars under Kirori Singh Bainsla staged a mahapadav near Dausa in November. The protesters intended to march into the capital city to press for their demand, but had to call off the agitation following the ill health of their leader Bainsla.Last month, the community leaders in Ajmer again resolved to restart the agitation soon. However, when contacted on Thursday, Bainsla said, \"I am having discussions with my colleagues and will let our decision known soon.\"The government, on the other hand, is believed to be collecting the quantifiable data through the Jaipur-based Institute of Development Studies . According to sources, the exercise to gather the data started in June last year and the institute experts have already completed sample survey of 92,000 OBC families in the state. The survey would be covering 81 castes falling under the OBC category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11379050", "title": "All are equal", "text": "I am equally present in all beings; there is none hateful or dear to me.Bhagwad Gita 9.29I call heaven and earth to witness: whether Jew or Gentile, whether man or woman, whether servant or freeman, they are all equal in this: that the Holy Spirit rests upon them in accordance with their deeds!Seder Eliyyahu Rabbah 10We created you... and made you into nations and tribes, that you might know each other (not that you might despise each other). Verily the most honoured among you in the sight of God is he who is the most righteous.Quran 49.13All the people of the whole world are equally brothers and sisters. There is no one who is an utter stranger. The souls of all people are equal, whether they live on the high mountains or at the bottoms of the valleys.Ofudesaki", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383901", "title": "City\u2019s cold weather bad for those with weak hearts", "text": "MUMBAI: People with high blood pressure , cholesterol problems or diabetes should guard against cold at least for a fortnight, according to doctors. The second and third weeks of January are when temperatures in the city, hovering between 10 and 13 degrees Celsius, are at their lowest. \"Winter is associated with increased risk of heart attack and related problems,\" said cardiologist Dr Vivek Mehan.Winter causes metabolism to become faster (because of the body's need to stay warm) and hormonal levels to fluctuate (because of shorter days and longer nights). Dr Mehan said this increases pressure on the heart, making it work faster.Cold weather also causes blood vessels to constrict to keep the body warm, said cardiologist Dr Brian Pinto. This, too, causes the heart to pump more blood, making one \"vulnerable to angina or even heart attack\".At this time of the year, not only are temperatures at their lowest in the city, but the difference between the minimum and maximum temperatures is also the most.Mumbai recorded the fourth lowest temperature of the season on Thursday. Santa Cruz witnessed a minimum temperature of 13.8 degrees Celsius-about four degrees below normal. In Colaba, the minimum temperature was 18 degrees Celsius. The coldest day in the last 10 years was January 19, 2005, when the mercury fell to 11.5 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11382791", "title": "AP Cong panel meet on Jan 21", "text": "Having seen the differences and dissensions in the state Congress, AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad has indicated that he will convene the next meeting of the newly-formed party coordination committee on January 21.Azad on Thursday chaired the first ever meeting of the coordination committee. The three-hour long meeting is said to have discussed various issued ranging from the ensuing byelection, appointment of workers for the nominated posts and various factional fights in the party and the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11380835", "title": "Fake notes seized in Old Delhi, 2 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two youths have been arrested from the Jama Masjid area for allegedly running a fake currency racket in the city. Cops have recovered counterfeit notes with face value of Rs 91,000, which the accused had brought from Raksaul border in Bihar. Cops said these fake notes are brought in via Nepal and circulated in the city through various gangs.The arrested have been identified as Mohammad Rahim (28) and Nadim (20). Nadim was arrested on New Year's Day from Paharganj allegedly with fake notes with face value of Rs 80,000. His interrogation led to Rahim, who was later nabbed and found to be in possession of counterfeit notes with face value of Rs 11,000. Rahim had been arrested in 2009 in a similar case.\"Nadim told us that the fake notes were given to him by Rahim who said he procured them from a person residing in Raksol near the Nepal border. He used to pay 60% of the face value of the counterfeit note while procuring it and used to sell it for 70% of the face value in Delhi,\" P S Kushwah, additional deputy commissioner of police (crime), said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388354", "title": "Toshiba to unveil 'world's thinnest, lightest' tablet", "text": "Here's another big tablet launch set for Consumer Electronics Show (CSE), the world's biggest gadget show starting on January 10th in Las Vegas , US.Japanese electronic giant Toshiba has promised to unveil what it claims will be the world's thinnest &amp; lightest Android tablet. The company plans to showcase Android Honeycomb-powered tablet reportedly named Excite.Measuring 7.7mm in thickness, the tablet is specualted to sport a 10.1-inch organic EL display with 1280x800 resolution and is likely to support wireless charging. Powered by a 1.2GHz dual-core OMAP 4430 processor, the tablet will include a 5 megapixel rear camera and a 2 megapixel front facing camera and micro HDMI out. Storage options are speculated to be either 16GB or 32GB.Web is also abuzz with reports that the company may also launch a 7-inch tablet at the show. The tablet will reportedly be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, and will have 1024X600 resolution display, rear camera, microUSB port, microSD slot, Bluetooth and Wi-Fi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11383077", "title": "'Coconut husks can be used to make wood'", "text": "KOCHI: The husk of tender coconuts piling up at Sabarimala during the pilgrimage season could be utilized to make wood, the Coconut Development Board submitted to the Kerala High Court on Thursday.According to the board, the husk could be used to make wood and the technology and the process could be implemented through any agency.Considering a petition by a tender coconut vendor challenging the high court's directive that banned dumping of husks at Sabarimala, the court had earlier asked the forest department and the Coconut Development Board to suggest ways to dispose of the husk scientifically.A division bench of Justice Thottathil B Radhakrishnan and Justice C T Ravikumar had asked the board to propose scientific ways to dispose of waste from tender coconuts en route to the hilltop shrine.The vendor approached the court after an earlier order resulted in the banning of tender coconuts and pineapple vendors from the Sabarimala premises. The order had acted as promotion to bottled water business in the area, whereas the original order only stated removal of coconut husk, the petition stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11383668", "title": "Woman, daughter die due to food poisoning", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Two members of Soyam family in Gadisurla village in Mul tehsil died , while other two took seriously ill, after alleged food poisoning on Wednesday night.Sources claimed that after having dinner on Wednesday, Soyam family went to sleep. At 11.30pm all four members including family head Mangru Soyam, his wife Kamal (50) son Sachin (31) and daughter Soni (12) started vomiting. Neighbours rushed them to rural hospital in Mul, where Kamal Soyam and her daughter Soni succumbed to the poison.Doctors referred Mangru Soyam and Sachin Soyam to Chandrapur hospital for emergency treatment later during the same night. Condition of father-son duo is reported stable now. Mul police have registered offence in this connection and further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382348", "title": "Water cuts may leave BJP-Sena high and dry", "text": "MUMBAI: There isn't a single month that Mumbaikars do not have to face a water cut of varying degrees-from 25% to 100%. The good rainfall in the past two years notwithstanding, Mumbai has been witnessing several cuts in water supply. The reasons are aplenty: Old pipelines, growing population, upgrading the supply system. But no reason is likely to satisfy voters, especially when water cuts are announced barely a month before citizens are gearing up to cast their votes. Water cuts so close to the polls spell bad news for the ruling alliance.The western suburbs and parts of island city will have to deal with 25% less water on Friday, Saturday and Sunday, when the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation will undertake major work on the Middle Vaitarna dam. Battling anti-incumbency, the last thing the ruling alliance would like to deal with is explanations for frequent water cuts. The saffron alliance is wary of water cut announcements ahead of the elections as the opposition will target the alliance for failing to improve the supply system.Sensing that it will be difficult to face voters when such announcements are made, ruling alliance members met the civic administration on Thursday and urged it to be cautious with cuts. But the administration maintained that there would be no exception to regular maintenance work. Senior Shiv Sena leader and standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said, \"It is a problem for us just ahead of the elections, and we have told the administration to carry out maintenance work on war-footing. Voters, of course, do not care about reasons no matter how genuine they are.\"Few others in the ruling alliance camp conceded that some maintenance work can be put on hold but were confident that it would not affect their poll prospects. BJP corporator Yogesh Sagar said, \"It will certainly not affect us. The administration has to do its work, which will eventually benefit the people. However, future maintenance work should be done without causing much discomfort.\"The opposition is confident that the cuts will reflect the ruling alliance's inefficiency. Congress corporator Rajendraprasad Chaube said, \"They have been giving the same reason for two years.\" Sameer Desai, also of the Congress, said, \"Shortage of water has been a problem and it has only reflected the failure of the ruling alliance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383749", "title": "Paranjape's film fest opens", "text": "NAGPUR: A festival of six films of renowned actor, writer and director Raja Paranjape opened today at the Scientific Society hall, to a near packed auditorium. The festival was inaugurated by national award winning Marathi actor Upendra Limaye of Jogwa and Urus fame.Lauding the effort of the organizers, Limaye said, \"Paranjape has been my inspiration since the time I was in school and would watch his films. Today, though there are many films being made in Marathi, and there has been an immense advancement in the sphere of technology, yet there are many techniques so unique to Raja Paranjape that we can still learn by watching cinema made by him.\"Sharing the thought behind holding the festival, Archana Rane, president of Raja Paranjape Pratishthan, which has organized the festival in the city said, \"Recently, I received a phone call from someone who said that an elderly member of his family wanted to watch a Paranjape film and could not find the DVDs in the market. He asked if we could provide the same. It was then that this idea of digitizing the prints of my grandfather's films came up. As it will take some time to bring them into the market, we have decided to hold these festivals for his innumerable fans to enjoy the films and relive that era.\"Four of the best of Paranjape's film would be shown on Saturday, the second day of the festival, which will conclude on Sunday, with a segment based on songs from his films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11381880", "title": "Sacked deputy mayor tries in vain to meet Jaya", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after he was removed from the post of deputy mayor in Coimbatore Corporation, N Chinnadurai reached Chennai on Thursday in a bid to meet Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, but in vain. Though Chinnadurai was in Chennai early in the morning and sought an appointment with Jayalalithaa, he is yet to receive it.Chinnadurai attempted to meet some of the close confidants of the chief minister to convey the message that he was not part of Sasikalaa's camp. He also wanted to apprise her that he was the victim of a conspiracy hatched by some top leaders in the district. He also threatened to reveal details of the close association between top leaders and Ravanan, Sasikalaa's close relative, who had controlled party affairs across Western Tamil Nadu. I will speak the truth. At least four councilors bagged seats in the last civic body election by paying money to Ravanan. There are many others who benefitted from Ravanan and worked on behalf of him,'' Chinadurai said.During the party conclave in Chennai in December last week, Jayalalithaa had demanded the signature of those holding positions of power in the government on blank stamp papers. Chinnadurai also signed on a blank stamp paper. On Wednesday, the resignation letter of Chinnadurai was prepared on the stamp paper in Chennai and faxed to the corporation commissioner,'' a highly placed party source alleged.According to party leaders, Operation Cleanup, aimed at purging Sasikalaa loyalists has already targeted two zonal chairmen of the corporation. One zonal chairman is already facing allegations of helping controversial lottery king and Jayalalithaa's arch enemy Santiago Martin in a land grab case. The other had close links with Ravanan.Meanwhile, P Rajkumar, floor leader of AIADMK in the previous corporation council and current councilor for ward number 46, has started efforts to assume the post of deputy mayor. A post graduate in mass communications with a law degree, Rajkumar was known to be a competent councilor who effectively resisted the DMK-Congress regime for its alleged corruption. However, Rajkumar is not in the good books of Industry Minister S P Velumany, who enjoys much clout in Western Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11381035", "title": "Lessons in the vocal art provide us with", "text": "PANAJI: Patricia Rozario, aided by Susanna Hurrell and Joanne D'Mello, two of her most promising pupils, treated an enthusiastic audience at the Kala Academy on Wednesday to an extraordinary display of first class singing the likes of which we have not heard on these shores before, and may not hear again for a very long time.The programme began with two Baroque arias, Hurrell singing a bright and exuberant \"Brilla nell' alma\" from Handel's opera Alessandro, and D'Mello the emotionally packed but quieter \"Piangero la sorte mia\" (I will bemoan my fate) from Cleopatra . Gluck's \"Che fiero momento\" from Orfeo, sung by D'Mello, provided a bridge to two Mozart duets, \"Sull' aria\" from the Magic Flute (Rozario and D'Mello) and \"Prendero quell brunettino\" from Cosi fan tutte (Hurrell and D'Mello). Though separated by only a few decades, the flair and whimsy that Mozart brought to his comic operas were a far cry from Handel's formal Baroque harmonies and structures.Rozario ably interpreted the soulful \"Me voila seule\" from George Bizet's The Pearl Fishers, as also the more robust and far more familiar \"Song to the Moon\" from Dvorak's opera Rusalka; she galvanized the audience again with a dramatic rendition of the fiendishly challenging \"Queen of the Night\" aria from Mozart's Magic Flute.Hurrell revelled again in vocal acrobatics, provided this time by Charles Gounod (\"Je veux vivre\" from Romeo et Juliette) and Johann Strauss II (\"My dear marquis\" from Die Fledermaus). D'Mello for her part used voice and action to flirt with the audience, first in \"Quando m'en vo,\" from Puccini's La Boheme, and then in Mozart's \"Una donna a quindici anni,\" from Cosi, in which a young woman is shown how to exploit womanly wiles.Leo Delibes' \"Flower Duet\" (Hurrell and D'Mello) from Lakme enraptured the listeners. No spectacular high notes here, no high-intensity runs up and down the scale, but the sound of the two smoothly paired voices poured forth as soothingly, and as limpidly, as the Salmona spring once bubbled out of a hillside in Saligao.It is hard to believe an unknown 20{+t}{+h} century composer could steal the show, but Rozario showed it could be done. As an unhappy bride singing an aria called \"It's my wedding!\" from Jonathan Dove's divertimento The Enchanted Pig, she explained exactly why she was not happy with the wedding arrangements; her ranting and raving sent the audience into peals of laughter.Which brings up the matter of diction. Though the programme included works in Italian, French, German, English, and yes, Konkani (\"Aum saiba poltori vetam\" was sung as an encore), every word was clearly intelligible. I have heard languages mangled at the Metropolitan Opera in New York, but at the Kala Academy the singers excelled. Bravo to all three.What shall we say of Mark Troop? Once he got past some anxious moments in the opening aria, we saw what a fine musician he really is. He functioned not as a mere accompanist, but as a true partner in a joint musical enterprise, echoing each phrase, matching each nuance, barely caressing the keys where a pianissimo was needed, but revealing the Steinway's power where the music demanded it.I would like to comment a little on the progress made by D'Mello, without taking anything away from Hurrell. Under Rozario's expert teaching, D'Mello has blossomed both vocally and musically. On Wednesday there were times when she skillfully floated ravishing pianissimos to the far corners of the auditorium; yet, she could produce power, and drama too, with flashing eye and clenched fist.All in all, both her students did Rozario proud, and she repaid the compliment. She can dominate a stage merely by walking on to it; yet, when paired in a duet, she took care not to overshadow the younger artist. For me, the whole evening was like a Biblical laying on of hands: a master teacher was saying, \"I have brought you along the path to success, you can see what now lies ahead of you. Spread your wings, and fly.\"Thank you, Patricia Rozario.The writer was a music critic for The Times of India in the 1950s and has covered concerts and opera for The New York Times. He has published books on Baroque music performance and the art of bel canto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382943", "title": "JD(U) to have no truck with RJD in Manipur polls: Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has said the JD(U) will in no way have any truck with the RJD anywhere in the country as a matter of policy. He was reacting to a query regarding alliance of some regional parties in Manipur in which JD(U) is a partner and now RJD, too, has joined this bandwagon. \"The JD(U) will not be part of any alliance in which RJD will be an ally,\" he told the media here before emplaning for Purnia in connection with his ongoing Seva Yatra on Thursday.In Manipur, the JD(U) is a partner in five-party Peoples' Democratic Front. Now the Manipur RJD unit, having three MLAs, dissociated itself from Congress-led Secular Progressive Front. The development has come as an embarrassment for both Nitish and RJD supremo Lalu Prasad.Regarding UP elections where the JD(U) will not have any alliance with the BJP, Nitish said, \"It's not necessary that we have alliance with BJP everywhere and in each election. Our party will contest the elections alone.\" He said JD(U) president Sharad Yadav had already announced the party's stand and he would decide how many seats the party would contest. In Bihar, he added, the JD(U)-BJP alliance was 'unbreakable.' \"We are contesting polls jointly since 1996 and running government,\" he said.To a query on the political developments in UP, Nitish said there were visible contradictions in the BJP itself over induction of BSP's discarded leader Babu Singh Kushwaha. \"This is not a good decision and goes against healthy political principles,\" the CM said.Nitish said the 4.5% reservation for Muslims was an eyewash. He pointed out that certain Muslim castes were already there in the list of backward classes. \"They are getting more than what they have been promised,\" he said. \"If some reservation is made for Muslims by amending the Constitution, we will support it,\" he added.Purnia is Nitish's ninth destination during the first phase of his Seva Yatra. He said Siwan and Madhubani districts would be covered this month. While he will spend three days each in Purnia and Siwan, he will spend four days in Madhubani to end the first phase of his Seva Yatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11384069", "title": "Pharma industry opposing inclusion of 348 drugs in essential medicines\u2019 list", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union health ministry's plan to bring 348 drugs of the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM) under price control is facing stiff resistance from the pharma industry.According to ASSOCHAM, around 75% of the industry will come under price control in case the draft National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy (NPPP, 2011) is pursued in its present form.Cautioning that it will cripple the pharma sector, Kewal Handa, chairman of ASSOCHAM's drugs and pharmaceuticals Council, said the government estimates that the new policy would bring 60% of the Rs 48,200-crore domestic formulation industry under the pricing control compared to 20% earlier.The ministry says, more than 300 drugs were under the Drug Price Control Order (DPCO) in the early 1980s that was subsequently reduced to 140 in 1987.At present, prices of only 74 bulk drugs and formulations, containing any of these scheduled drugs, are under the price control regime. Once a medicine is brought under DPCO, it cannot be sold at a price higher than that fixed by the government.NLEM has 348 medicines that cover 489 formulations, including 16 fixed-dose combinations. These drugs are considered to be adequate to meet the common contemporary health needs of the general population.A Planning Commission panel had said drug prices have shot up phenomenally in India over the past decade and a half. It pointed out that there was nearly 40% rise in all drug prices between 1996 and 2006. It said that during the same period the price of controlled drugs rose by 0.02%, while those in the Essential Drug List (EDL) increased by 15%.The price of drugs that were neither under price control, nor under the EDL grew by 137%.They suggested that all the drugs in the NLEM should be brought under price control since the cost of medicines constitutes over 60% of the total cost of healthcare.ASSOCHAM president-elect R N Dhoot said only reduction in drug prices will not be able to provide access to medicines for all.\"The government should immediately remove all duties and taxes on all NLEM drugs to reduce cost burden on patients. We also recommend retailer margin to be restricted to 16% and wholesaler margin to 8%,\" he said.India's latest NLEM has 348 essential medicines, while the 2003 list had 354. Around 47 drugs have been deleted from the 2003 list. However, no anti-cancer or anti-HIV drugs have been deleted. With the addition of around eight new cancer drugs in NLEM, 2011, the aggregate stands at 30. Carboplatin, Chlorambucil, Daunorubicin, Filgrastim, Ifosfamide, Imatinib, Mesna and Oxaliplatin are the new cancer drugs that have been included in the list.About 43 new medicines have been added in NLEM, 2011, which are from 27 therapeutic categories.A note prepared by the DCGI, available with TOI, said, \"A total of 348 medicines excluding repetitions are present in NLEM 2011. In NLEM 2011, 181 medicines fall under the category of primary, secondary and tertiary use, 106 medicines fall under category of secondary and tertiary use while 61 medicines are categorized as tertiary use only. In comparison to NLEM 2003, number of medicines deleted is 47 and 43 medicines have been added. Out of the 348 medicines, 37 medicines are currently under prices control by National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority. The new list includes anti-AIDS, analgesics, anti-ulcers, anti psychotic, sedatives, anesthetic agents, lipid lowering agents, steroids and anti platelet drugs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11383569", "title": "Woman cop suspended for taking bribe", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman police inspector from Esplanade, Jothilakshmi, was on Thursday placedunder suspension for taking a bribe of 2,000 from the managementof a churchin Parrys. Additional police commissioner (law andorder)PThamaraikannan issuedtheorders.She had allegedly taken the bribe while she was posted as the bandobust in-charge officer at the church in last year when theholy relicof SaintDon Bosco had arrivedin the city as partof aworldwide pilgrimage.After the programme was over, Jothilakshmi collected the amount and gavethem a receipt. When this was brought to the ACP's knowledge, he asked officers to inquire and ordered her to be placed under suspension when chargeswere proved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11386519", "title": "US defence secretary Leon Panetta counts India as a challenge yet again", "text": "WASHINGTON: For the second time in less than two months, US defence secretary Leon Panetta has said that the country is facing challenges from rising powers like China and India in Asia in 21st century.\"We have got the challenges of dealing with rising powers in Asia. We have got the challenge of, you know, dealing with countries like Russia , rising countries like India and others,\" Panetta told PBS News Hour in an interview. \"All of that represents the kind of challenges that we are going to have to deal with in this world of the 21st century,\" Panetta said.A transcript of the interview, taken on Thursday, was provided by PBS News Hour.Panetta's remarks came within hours of the Pentagon releasing its defense strategic review which said that the US is investing in long-term strategic partnership with India.The strategy document unveiled by the US President Barack Obama identified China as one of the major security threat to the US in the long term and puts Asia on a bigger priority.\"The United States is investing in a long-term strategic partnership with India to support its ability to serve as a regional economic anchor and provider of security in the broader Indian Ocean region,\" said the strategy document. Earlier in the day at a Pentagon news conference, Panetta had said that the US faces challenges from rising powers in Asia, but had not named any country.\"We're facing challenges from rising powers in Asia. And we're facing a situation in the Middle East that continues to be in turmoil.\"So, what we've got to do is to be able to have a flexible, adaptable, agile force that can deal with a myriad of challenges in today's world.\"That's what we've got to be able to develop,\" he told the PBS in his interview. This is for the second time in recent months that Panetta has identified India as a challenge among rising powers in Asia.\"We face the threats from rising powers -- China, India, others -- that we have to always be aware of and try to make sure that we always have sufficient force protection out there in the Pacific to make sure they know we're never going anywhere,\" Panetta had said on November 17.However, Panetta's spokesman George Little had said that the defence secretary strongly values a close relationship with India and sees it as a nation of increasing prominence and power.\"The secretary strongly values a close military relationship with India, which he sees as a nation of increasing prominence and power. He doesn't view India as a threat,\" Little had said.\"The United States and India work together on a regular basis to find ways of cooperating around common security interests. We're committed to pursuing even stronger cooperation in the future,\" he had pointed out. In his PBS interview, Panetta said that the US wants to build relationship with China.\"Well, the United States is a Pacific power. And we have always had a presence in the Pacific. China is a Pacific power as well. And we recognize that. And, frankly, my view is that we need to continue to work with China, continue to build a relationship with China, because they are a power, because our economy -- our economies are related, because there are other relationships that we have in that area,\" Panetta had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11381926", "title": "Poor conviction rate in corruption cases in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: Low conviction rate in corruption cases seems to be coming in the way of tackling the menace in the state. According to information provided by the state vigilance bureau through a petition under the Right to Information Act, out of 899 corruption cases (in the period between April 1, 2000 to November 30, 2010) in which government officials were booked in Ambala, Hisar and Rohtak divisions, 473 were acquitted in courts leading to their reinstatement, while the rest have either been convicted or are facing trial.The low rate of conviction has exposed the inability of the government in proving the charges against these officials in court.This information was procured by Rohtak-based RTI activist Subhash, the state convener of the Haryana Soochna Adhikar Manch, who disclosed that in Ambala division, a total 266 cases of corruption were registered against employees from various departments from April 1, 2000 to November 30, 2010. However the charges against 107 of the accused could not be proved in court due to lack of evidence against them.In Hisar division, 270 corruption cases were registered against government officials in the same period, of whom charges against 164 of the accused could not be proved. Only 58 of the accused were convicted while remaining 81 cases are still going on.The conviction rate has been the lowest in Rohtak division where 305 cases of corruption were registered against officials. But 202 of the accused have been acquitted so far. While the government could prove the charges against 50 corrupt officials, the remaining 53 cases are under trial.The highest number of corruption cases were registered in Gurgaon division where 363 babus were booked on charges of accepting or demanding bribe. The vigilance bureau however did not furnish information regarding the fate of the cases.Naveen Jaihind, an activist who had been associated with the Anna Hazare campaign regarding the Jan Lokpal Bill stated that low rate of conviction in corruption cases indicated that corrupt officials managed to get off the hook taking advantage of loopholes in law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11383789", "title": "Nagpur University bosses shielding roster scam accused", "text": "NAGPUR: The silence of Nagpur University's administration even one year after Justice GG Loney panel completed its probe in roster scam is deafening. The panel had handed over its report to vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal on January 5 last year calling tampering of roster a \"big conspiracy\" and asking NU authorities to immediately lodge a police complaint.Sources alleged there was pressure on VC from the prominent political leaders not to take action against guilty NU officials who had tampered the roster and illegally filled up over 500 posts of other category candidates, including those of VJ/NT. They added NU's sitting on the roster scam report amounted to giving public money as salary to persons who should not be in the job. TOI first exposed the scam on March 19, 2009, and ran a series of reports on how NU bosses were sitting on the various reports confirming the scam.NU inaction is in stark contrast to salutary action taken by other Vidarbha based university which had also seen illegal appointments being made. Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) had sacked six officials while PDKV recently removed 83 illegally appointed people.Over 500 NU appointments including those of heads of departments, deans, teachers and assistant registrars made after year 2004 may be cancelled if roster is properly implemented. Sources raised serious question mark on NU bosses' integrity in not acting even after as many as four panels had confirmed tampering in the roster. NU PRO office refused to comment on the issue as usual directing all queries to registrar office.After TOI expose, the first panel of general administration department (GAD) officer SG Kedare reported that even the appointment of Yadav Kohchade, prime accused in NU's fake marksheet and revaluation scam, was \"suspicious\". Second panel of Justice Loney also found irregularities and recommended filing of FIR. Former principal secretary PS Meena in his confidential report mentioned that the appointments of 12 NU teachers were completely illegal and passed strictures on NU bosses.Sapkal then constituted another panel of deputy registrar with North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon, RJ Valvi, who also came to same conclusion. Even minister of higher and technical education Rajesh Tope recently asked VC to initiate action against the accused. But VC's silence over entire issue that has stalled all NU appointments, clearly indicated that accused were being protected under pressure, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383651", "title": "Baby hurt in baggage belt scare", "text": "MUMBAI: The city airport witnessed some scary moments when a one-year-old boy crawled on to an unmanned baggage screening belt on Thursday afternoon and got bruised in the process. The baby was rescued before further damage was done and the conveyor belt's power connection was switched off.The child was later taken to Nanavati Hospital, where doctors said his condition was okay. The baby was discharged after being given treatment in the out-patient department.Around 1.45pm, passengers had queued up to check in for an Air India flight to Bangalore. Close to the checkin counters, Rakesh Garg and his wife were waiting in the passengers' sitting area for their flight to Delhi. According to airport officials, their one-year-old baby crawled unnoticed towards a check-in counter and tripped over a baggage screening belt. The child then started moving along with the belt.\"The baby crossed a checkin counter and put a leg on the belt. He then tripped and fell on the belt and went along with it. During this time, he also grazed his ankle against the edges of the belt,\" an official said. \"As soon as the airport officials noticed what had happened (after a couple of minutes ), they stopped the belt and rescued the baby,'' he added.There was commotion in the terminal as officials and passengers ran to rescue the baby or take pictures. The child was rescued in time after one of the airport staffers plugged off the power running the belt. Officials said as the baggage belt moved slowly, the baby did not cross into the screening area.An airport official said the AI counter where the incident occurred was shut at that time and there was no one manning the conveyor belt.Confirming the incident, a Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL) spokesperson said the belt was switched off for 10-15 minutes after the staffers saw the child on the belt. \"The baby got bruises. An MIAL doctor attended to the baby, who was later sent to Nanavati Hospital,'' the spokesperson said.A passenger said no boarding passes were issued by the airline for almost 30 minutes.\"The airline made an announcement and asked flyers to wait. No brief was given on the status of our flight. The flight departed two hours late,'' the passenger, who was booked on an AI flight to Bangalore, said.An AI spokesperson said the flight delay was not linked to the incident. \"We are not responsible for the incident because MIAL operates the baggage belts,'' a spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11382224", "title": "I-T chief reaches out to Sr citizens", "text": "HYDERABAD: For Prema Malini Vasan, chief commissioner of Income-Tax (CC-I), Andhra Pradesh, senior citizens are of utmost importance. Hence, to ensure that the aged tax-payers are not inconvenienced and their concerns are attended to at the earliest, the chief commissioner has now set up a special cell.Speaking to TOI about this initiative on Thursday, the I-T head said, \"It is important that we reach out to our elderly tax-payers. This is the least we can do for our senior citizens.\" The cell, headed by Vasan herself, will deal only with issues of people above 60 years of age. \"Senior citizens can directly write to this cell with their concerns (regarding tax refunds or other I-T related issues) and we will try to address them as soon as possible. If need be (in case there are immobility issues), the refunds will also be delivered at their doorstep by our employees,\" the chief commissioner said, pointing out how she attached great importance to such an arrangement even during her tenure as I-T commissioner in Chennai.Taking her concern for such tax-payers forward, the I-T chief also noted how there would be special counters for senior citizens and physically-challenged people at the tax offices, during filing of returns in July. Such an arrangement was in fact put in place even last year at both Aayakar Bhavan (Basheerbagh) and Income Tax Towers (A C Guards) to ensure that aged tax-payers did not have to wait in long queues.Vasan, who is into her third month in the city now, assumed charge as chief commissioner-I of AP on November 2, 2011 replacing G Rajeshwar Rao. The former CC-I, who had been brought in from the neighbouring Karnataka (where he was serving as director general, investigations) is currently posted as chief commissioner-III at the same I-T office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382285", "title": "Airline to pay 1 lakh for cancelling flight", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum on Tuesday ordered Jet Airways (India) Ltd to pay Rs 1 lakh compensation to a Santa Cruz (E) businessman, Himanshu Mehta, who suffered severe mental and physical hardship after the airline cancelled a Srinagar-Delhi flight in 2006.The forum held the airline guilty of deficiency of service and said by not informing the passengers about the cancellation in advance, the airline had shown negligence and apathy towards passengers.Mehta had booked a seat on a Jet Airways flight from Srinagar to New Delhi, scheduled to depart on April 3, 2006 at 8.20am, through a travel agent. In his complaint filed before the forum on May 19, 2007, Mehta said that he also booked a flight from New Delhi to Mumbai for the same evening and scheduled a meeting with his clients for the intervening afternoon. Mehta, who arrived at Srinagar airport at 6.40am on April 3, alleged that he and other passengers for the same flight found that the airport doors at the airportwere closed and they had to brave the cold out in the passage. At 10.15am, airline representatives arrived and the passengers were given a place to sit inside the airport. Mehta further alleged that he was thenThey were told that the flight had been cancelled and the passengers would now be accommodated on a flight scheduled to depart at 1.15pm.Mehta finally arrived in Delhi only at 4.15pm and had to cancel his meeting. Mehta also stated that he was informed that the flight that he had originally booked was non-existent. (not in the airline schedule) and yet the airline had issued tickets for it.The airline, in its reply, said that the flight service was launched for the summer and was supposed to run from April to June 2006. However, it had not got the necessary permissions from the government and the service could not be launched. Further, the airline stated that it had informed the travel agents who had booked the flights for the passengersabout the cancellation of the flight. The airlines stated that if the agents had not informed the passengers, then the fault lay with them. The travel agency said to this and saidit was never informed about the cancellation. The agency further contended that had the airline done so, 30 passengers would not have arrived to board that particular flight.The forum said that from the evidence on record, it could be seen that the airline had made no attempt to inform the passengers in advance about the cancellation. Further, it held that it was a serious incident that the airline had allowed bookings and taken money for a non-existent flight or for one that hadn't got the requisite permissions from the air traffic department. It also observed that the passengers were caused severe physical hardship as they had to brave the biting cold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11381253", "title": "Here, it\u2019s all in the name", "text": "HUBLI: Sulla, a village near Hubli, has earned recognition for the names that most villagers here have. Here, every person is either named Kallappa or Kallavva. Men are named as Kallappa while women are called Kallavva. Villagers have stuck to these two names for centuries, and have no plans to alter it.This village houses more than 5,000 residents, who are still not influenced by fancy names used in the cities or even nearby villages. In each family in Sulla, you will definitely find a 'Kallavva' or 'Kallappa'.In order to avoid confusion, the eldest son or male in the family is named as Dodda (elder) Kallappa while the eldest sister or woman is called Dodda Kallavva. The younger ones are called Sanna (younger) Kallavva or Sanna Kallappa.If anyone comes in search of a villager from Sulla, the hunt will definitely be far from smooth. Hence, outsiders refer to the person using only the surname. Teachers here also use the surname to address any student.Sanna Kallappa Onti, priest, Kalmeshwar temple, said, \"They take great pride in showing reverence to lord Kalmeshwar. Hence, they are all named after Kallavva or Kallappa.\"He added, \"People believe that if any newborn is not named Kallavva or Kallppa, they will face health, economic or domestic problems.\"If a parent doesn't want these traditional names, they have the option of choosing any other names which starts with 'K'. \"This practice is followed by all religions. For instance, Muslim villagers in Sulla name their children Karimsaab or Kaalesaab or other names which begin with 'K',\" the priest explained.Many villagers Kallavva Kundagol, Kallappa Malligwad and others, assert that they will never dare to break the tradition. \"We have experienced problems when we did change the name of one child,\" said another villager, fearing the wrath of lord Kalmeshwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382244", "title": "Halt dumping of waste on Thane mangrove plot: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court, in an interim order, has called a halt to the dumping of solid waste on wetland and mangrove plots in the Mulund-Thane belt which was earmarked for a SEZ.Hearing a PIL filed by an organization 'Vanashakti', a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi asked the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and the state government to file affidavits in response to the petition.The PIL objected to the SEZ and challenged the environmental clearance granted by MoEF to the project. M/s Zeus Infrastructure Private Limited is developing the SEZ on 54.22 hectares (134 acres)of land, which were salt pans earlier. Zeus Infrastructure is in a joint venture partnership with the Mumbai-based developer group, Ackruti City Limited, for this project.Activist D Stalin, who filed the PIL, claimed that the land had been classified as CRZ-3 on the Mulund side by the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority, despite the fact that the National institute of Oceanography had certified the land (on Thane side) as CRZ-1 earlier.Advocate Snehal Paranjpe, counsel for the petitioner, alleged that solid waste from the Mulund dumping ground was being dumped on the wetlands and mangrove.Mangroves and wetlands are inseparable components of the ecosystem in the area. The CRZ rules which are meant to protect the wetlands and the coasts cannot be allowed to be to be twisted for destruction under the guise of development,'' said Stalin.\"There is a need to protect the last of the wetlands and mudflatsin Thane Creek and its vicinity from getting gobbled up by vested interests,\" Stalin added. The developers claimed they have complied with all rules. The court has scheduled further hearing in the case on January 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11383375", "title": "Joshi unhappy over 'compromise' made by BJP", "text": "VARANASI: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and chairman of public account committee (PAC) Murli Manohar Joshi said that it was unfortunate that principles and values are being compromised for short-term gains without thinking about long-term adverse impact.Addressing his birthday function organized by Murli Manohar Joshi Mitra Mandal Samiti and Yuva Sanskritik Jagrookta Samiti here on Thursday, Joshi said that there should be no compromise on value-based politics. Though he did not say anything about the differences over inclusion of former BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha, his address reflected his pain over the issue.\"It is a matter of concern that even those who talk about values and principles are deviating from their path for petty gains,\" he said. The function was attended by BJP leader Omprakash Singh and other local leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11380431", "title": "City airport is tourism hotspot too", "text": "NAGPUR: Bigger international airports allow students an 'educational tour' to enable them to study how airports function. Though city's Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport does not do that yet, it has nevertheless emerged as big attraction for students.Students from city schools and also from other smaller towns of Vidarbha visit the airport to see aircraft land and take off from visitors' gallery. Responding to the trend, Mihan India Ltd (MIL), the airport operator company has reduced its entrance fee for students from Rs 15 to just Rs 5. \"With the reduced rates the students coming from economically backward classes would not be anymore deprived from watching major developments at airport operational area\", a senior MIL official claimed.What's more, it is also thinking of starting a conducted tour programme for students that would allow the children to enter the operational area and study all the operations up close. They would also be allowed to see air traffic control operations. Students and people other than passengers will be given entry in viewers' gallery airport at nominal rates. The MIL has already reduced the parking charges for vehicles so that more users make use of parking facilities and also reduced the standard viewers' gallery rates to Rs 15, the official stated.He said that Nagpur airport, that saw new terminal inaugurated almost four years ago (April 14, 2008), had emerged as a favourite spot for school and college students. It also saw a sharp increase in passenger traffic that crossed 7 lakh mark in 2011 as a number of flights have restarted. Visitors, especially school students from nearby city areas and cities like Chandrapur, Wardha, Hinganghat, Warora, Umred, Ramtek etc, have also increased at city airport.Sources at airport informed that everyday almost 250 to 300 school students from remote areas of Vidarbha visit the viewer's gallery to have a glimpse of aircraft landing and taking off. There are many students who wish to visit airports and gain knowledge about their activities. It helps them gain knowledge and children are happy as every child has a lot of fascination for aeroplanes, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11382267", "title": "Trio grilled on 13/7 blasts booked in docu forgery case", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-terrorism squad (ATS), probing the 13/7 serial bomb blast cases, booked the two engineering students from Bihar and their friend, Naseem Shahejahan, for procuring more than 10 SIM cards on forged documents. in cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy cases.These youngsters have been remanded in police custody till January 10. The contact number of one of them was found in the mobile of a terror suspect caught last month.The police booked Shahejahan (20), Qamar-e-Aalam Shaikh and Abdul Wahab. , both residents of Bihar in an old case. Shaikh is a first-year BTech student, while Wahab is pursuing a diploma in mechanical engineering.They were first picked up along with their two roommates, Tanveer Aalam and Mohammed Ashraf. However, Aalam and Ashraf were also detained.Tanveer and Wahab were interrogated at Kharar police station in Mohali by an ATS inspector, Kedar Pawar. Another team picked up Shahejahan from Bihar.Wahab's brother, Aaftab Alam, told TOI, \"I had been searching for my brother and finally found him at ATS's Kalachowkie unit. The police did not tell us the details of the case Wahab has been booked in.\" According to Alam, the ATS also suggested that they not to inform the media as it may \"defame\" the family.No ATS officer was willing to comment on the case. \"I did not pick them up,\" said Pawar. Alam further said that the police have told them that Wahab will be produced before the court on January 10. Shaikh's father, Shakir Hussain, is still hunting for his son. \"I went to Mazgaon court on Thursday to find if the police had produced my son before the court so that I could talk to him and find out the details why he had been detained. However, I came back empty-handed,\" said Hussain, a temp driver. Shaikh was studying in Mumbai but could not afford the feesfor engineering here. \"I sent him to a college in Mohali and paid Rs 85,000. I still don't know where he has been kept,\" said Hussain.The ATS is yet to make a breakthrough in the 13/7 serial blast cases. and is picking up people from everywhere to get some breakthrough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11383729", "title": "US couple\u2019s son falls to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A visit to the city during the New Year celebrations took a tragic turn for a US couple when their two and-a-half-year-old son reportedly fell to his death from the seventh floor of a corporate guest house near Swadeshi Mills in Chunabhatti.The incident occurred on the morning of January 1, following which the couple cut short their trip and returned to the US the same night to perform the last rites of the child, Kiran. Based on a complaint lodged by them, the police registered an FIR against two caretakers (names withheld) of the guest house for alleged negligence.The police said Brian Paul (41) and his wife Saijal (37), both lawyers, arrived in Mumbai along with their two sons-Kiran and his five-year-old brother-on December 30 and were to fly back on January 3. \"Around 8am on January 1, the Pauls were getting ready to leave for Mumbai Darshan when Kiran lost balance while standing near the window and fell. The couple had booked the guest house through a friend,\" Chunabhatti police senior inspector Damodar Chaudhari told TOI.The window did not have any safety grilles. Police inspector and investigating officer Mahesh Jadhav said: \"Before the couple could do anything, Kiran went crashing to the ground floor. They, along with the security guard, rushed the child to Sion hospital where he was declared dead before admission.\"Jadhav said they were trying to find out if there was any lapse on the part of the caretakers in ensuring that the window was properly locked.The complex in which the guest house is located includes residential buildings as well. \"No rule has been flouted in the construction of the building. It has been done in keeping with the fire department's norms. During an emergency, it will be difficult for firemen to enter a flat in such a building if the windows have grilles,\" said Chaudhari. \"We are trying to ascertain if the guest house caretakers are at fault,\" he added.The police said the victim's mother is a Gujarati whose father had settled in the US several years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11384042", "title": "Vocational training for Lohardaga youths under IAP", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Integrated Action Plan (IAP), which aims to give fillip to development schemes in tribal and backward regions, mostly affected by Maoist violence, is being utilized in a different way in Lohardaga. The experiment has started showing results after the threemember committee comprising deputy commissioner (DC), superintendent of police (SP) and the DFO were given freedom to select schemes of their choice.The district has been allotted Rs 55 crore for 2010-11 and 2011-12, under which a number of schemes are underway. But most important of them is a job-guaranteed vocational training that in its two phases has taken up 250 youths, including girls.\"They are being trained on advanced mechanism as well as computerized tool making at Indo-Danish Tool Room in Jamshedpur, sources said.\"We are happy as job opportunities have started pouring in. Recently, as mant as 10 youths, among the first batch of 100 boys and girls from Peshrar block, have been selected by a private company. The first batch will complete training by March and by then, most of them will also be absorbed by several private companies or factories and the same will happen to the fresh batch of 150 that has recently joined the tool room for two-year advance mechanism course,\" said DC Ratan Kumar.Since it was difficult to take up development schemes in the Maoist-dominated areas of Kisko and Senha blocks, the committee decided to save young children from being attracted to the extremist fold. \"The initiative to engage youths brought the idea of this job guarantee scheme we undertook utilizing the IAP fund. Parents, too, are glad as their children are not only away from illegal pressure but also availing a vocational training,\" said the DC. \"Our only aim was to enroll youths in the training from Maoist areas. But later,we found that 84% of the selected youths are tribals,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11382024", "title": "2 more kids succumb to injuries; death toll 13", "text": "AMBALA: Three days after the school van they were travelling in met with an accident, two more students of Arjun Public School succumbed to injuries. They were in the ICU of PGI Chandigarh. This takes the death toll of the deadly accident to 13.Six-year-old Pankaj, son of a differently-abled couple, died during the late night hours of Wednesday. Shubham, the 11-year-old son of marginal farmer Ram Sharan , succumbed to injuries during wee hours of Thursday.Both of them had suffered head injuries.Meanwhile, the villages of Dinarpur and Pasiala, to which the boys belonged, mourned the deaths when the bodies were brought for last rites on Thursday evening.The condition of three more students - Isha, Shivam and Harsh of Pasiala - continues to be critical. They're undergoing treatment at PGI.The accident took place on Monday morning when a speeding truck rammed into the school van that was carrying 29 kids. While nine died immediately, two were declared brought dead at PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11382123", "title": "Punjabis scramble for Canadian 'super visas'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjabis are jumping at the 'super visa' introduced by the Canadian government recently, which is providing an opportunity for immigrant families to get together with their aged parents and grandparents, back in Canada. Nearly a 1,000 applications for the 'Parent grandparent super visa' have landed at the Canadian consulate in Chandigarh within a month of its launch.This means that all the 'Bebe' (grandma) and 'Babaji' (grandpa) in Moga, Nawanshahr, Jallandhar, Banga, who have their 'niyaane' (young ones) in 'kaneda' (Canada) can hope to be soon sunning themselves sitting on charpoys in Calgary , Langley or Vancouver.Scot Slessor, consul general, told TOI, \"Nearly half of all Indo-Canadians are Punjabis and they have this huge concern of being able to live in a family. With half of the family in India and the other half in Canada , we are concerned about this issue of family unification. That is why we are going to be processing these super visas in a stipulated time.\"The new super visa will allow grandparents of Canadian citizens to be able to stay with them for a period of 24 months without the need for renewal of their status and the visa will be valid for 10 years.Slessor said, \"The super visa facility was introduced in December last year and within little over a month, we have a huge response, mainly from this part of the country, with hundreds and hundreds of people wanting to avail the super visa facility.\"The Canadian government has committed processing the in \"less than eight weeks\" and reuniting families through the visa type. \"Once you have stayed with your family for two years, it is mandated that you get back to your country before embarking on another stay with your children in Canada,\" said Slessor.Commenting on the huge rush that the super visa has attracted, Slessor said it was probably due to the fact that the Canadian government is implementing a temporary pause of up to 24 months on the acceptance of new sponsorship applications. \"The two have been timed almost simultaneously. Since sponsorships are not being entertained, people have an option of this route,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382713", "title": "Celebrated violinist N Rajam does her Gujarat master proud at Saptak", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The temperature was languishing at around 16\u00b0 C when N Rajam ended her concert a few minutes before 1 am on Thursday. Yet, the throng of committed Amdavadi rasikas hesitated to leave. They had been basking in the incandescence of Rajam's art, which is homage to her mentor - the peerless Pandit Omkarnath Thakur.Most rasikas were thrilled by the awareness that Rajam is a notable figure in the contemporary Hindustani music pantheon owing to the Gujarat-born Pandit Thakur. His roots lie in Bhadran, Khambhat; but his renown spans continents and generations. Gandhiji had apparently said of the tempestuous maestro: \"Pandit Omkarnathji can achieve through a single song what I cannot achieve through several speeches.\"Rajam sought Pandit Thakur's tutelage as a young girl when she planned the most daunting passage for an Indian musician: moving from Carnatic to Hindustani tradition. That trail is lined by barbs of prejudice and disapproval. In his book on M S Subbulakshmi Amma, 'MS - A Life in Music', T J S George cites a critic savaging Amma's work in the Hindi remake of 'Meera'. \"Most Carnatic musicians' rendering of Hindustani verse leaves something to be desired,\" the critic snarled.Rajam silenced such ill-tempered orthodoxy long ago - by evoking her guru's unrivalled vocal lucidity on her violin. A vignette of that accomplishment was seen on Day 4, Wednesday, of the Saptak Music Festival being held at Amrut Mody School of Management. Rajam's exposition of Raga Bageshri was ornamented with flashes of 'kaaku prayog' (voice modulation) for which Pandit Thakur was acclaimed: dramatic pauses, lightening ascents, and hypnotic emphases.\"I have developed a unique vocal style for the violin,\" Rajam told TOI. That style is common in the Carnatic tradition but it was a pioneering development in the Hindustani oeuvre.Amdavadi audience's appreciation of Rajam's mastery was heightened by the accompaniment of her granddaughter, the spectacularly talented Ragini Shankar. Rajam's imperial genius inspired Ragini to render Bageshri's intricacies with poise and charm. It also helped Sudhir Pande, the tabla exponent, foray into the farthest reaches of brilliance.In the second part of the recital, after Raga Des, Rajam presented 'Vaishnav Jan To', set to Raga Khamaj. It seemed the violin was singing the bhajan, moved by the miracle of her saadhana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11381205", "title": "Young Kashmiri Pandits\u2019 meet to start tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: The first International Kashmiri Pandit Youth Conference will be held at the Yashwantrao Chavan auditorium in Kothrud on January 7 and 8. The aim is to bring together young Kashmiri Pandits from all over the world. The conference has been organised by Youth 4 Panun Kashmir, under the aegis of Panun Kashmir.\"The event is being held at Pune as the city has traditionally played an important role in the last 22 years of Kashmiri Pandit community's struggle in exile. Maharashtra has been the first state to provide educational and professional opportunities to the youth of Kashmiri exiled community, post the exodus in 1989-90. Specially Pune helped in the grand success of the follow-up programme to Third World Kashmiri Pandit Conference which was held at Shaniwarwada in 2009,\" said Rahul Kaul, chief coordinator of the conference, at a news conference on Thursday.The conference promises to provide a platform to the youth to express themselves on important topics like professional and economic empowerment, women empowerment, and exile consciousness. \"Special emphasis will be laid on cultivating the youth's sensitivity and responsibility towards national issues. The conference will seek to identify avenues for the youth to contribute to society, and will lay a foundation for preparing the future leaders of the community. There has been quite a bit of dilution these youths have had to face. Therefore, we want to stress on the cultural connect required,\" Kaul said.Exhibitions and cultural programmes will be the highlight. Sarla Taploo, wife of late Pandit Tika Lal Taploo, will be present. Advisor to the prime minister on national skill development council, Sarita Rajan, will speak about skill development of the youth and job opportunities.Cine-artistes, prominent theater personalities, singers, writers, and other intellectuals including santoor player Abhay Rustom Sopory, Hindi film stars Sanjay Suri , Raj Zutshi, Kunal Khemu, Rahul Bhat and Chanderprakash Diwedi (of 'Chanakya'-fame) and others will be present at the conference.Agnishekhar, convener of Panun Kashmir, said a special session, Jan Sammarthan, will be held that will focus on the support received from non-Kashmiri Pandit organisations and prominent personalities, saints, political thinkers, and educationists. The event will be webcast across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11382833", "title": "Book on state's maritime history to be launched", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Darshak Itihas Nidhi (DIN) will launch the book 'Gujarat and the Sea' on January 7. The book will be launched by Hamid Ansari, vice-president of India in the presence of Dr Kamala, governor of Gujarat and Narendra Modi , chief minister, Gujarat.The book is the outcome of a first-of-its-kind global conference held at Mandvi in October 2010. The conference witnessed participation by 80 scholars, historians, academicians and researchers from across the world.Hasmukh Shah, chairman, DIN said, \"Several handwritten navigation manuals, called pothis, written by mariners and running into 1900 pages have been found in the National Museum of India and need immediate attention. DIN transcribe and translate these pothis . tnn\"The book is a compilation of papers of scholars and historians and aims to open up new areas of research in anthropology, archaeology, maritime history and architecture,\" he further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11383218", "title": "From taint to political umbrella", "text": "LUCKNOW: In their desperation to increase the number of winning seats in every election, political parties embrace the 'untouchable' (read tainted) leaders.They even justify such decisions citing 'political compulsions' or in the 'interest of voters'. Sadly, the voter, who despite raising all hue and cry over corrupt and criminal politicians, often has no choice but to send one of the tainted persons to the assembly or Parliament.Worse, the trend has been growing over the past three decades. With fives states -- Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand, Punjab, Goa and Manipur -- going to polls between January end and March beginning, the question on why the volatile mix of politics, crime and corruption continues to plague the electoral scene has once again come to the fore, especially in the badlands of UP.The entry of Babu Singh Kushwaha, till recently a close aide of Mayawati, into the Bharatiya Janata Party has once again raked up the debate. Opportunism and politics go well together and not ready to lose any opportunity, political parties, including Congress, Bahujan Samaj Party, Samajwadi Party and BJP's alliance partner Janata Dal (United), have training guns on BJP that claims being \"party with a difference\". Unfazed publicly, the saffron party is making all efforts to defend Kushwaha's induction. While, the opposition parties clamour over induction of Kushwaha in BJP, the party has also welcomed BSP-discards like ex-ministers and MLAs including Badshah Singh and Awadhesh Varma.Badshah Singh, who has been given BJP ticket like Awadhesh Varma, is known to have criminal record. What also has been lost in the noise is the fact that after mafia don Brijesh Singh, presently lodged in jail, has been fielded from Saiyyedraja assembly constituency by a lesser known Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party. Another don, Premprakash Singh alias Munna Bajrangi, is set to file his nomination from Maniyahu assembly seat in Jaunpur. Bajrangi is an accused in the murder of BJP MLA Krishnand Rai.The list does not end here. Tainted ex-BSP MLA Jitendra Singh 'Babloo' has got Peace Party ticket from Bikapur and while another tainted MLA Sonu Singh from Sultanpur has also joined this fringe party. What also has been lost in the clamouring is the fact that this very party has made mafia-turned-MLA Akhilesh Singh of Rae Bareli as party's general secretary, mafia-turned-politician Atiq Ahmed has got Apna Dal ticket from Allahabad. One of the first mafia dons to jump into the political arena in early 80s, Harishanker Tiwari, is likely to get BSP ticket from Chillupaar.Not lagging behind, Samajwadi Party has fielded mafia-turned politician Abhay Singh from Gosainganj in Faizabad district. The part has also given ticket to jailed MLA Amarmani Tripathi's son Amanmani Tripathi. Mitrasen Yadav, who was recently convicted and sentenced to seven years imprisonment by a Faizabad court, will contest as SP candidate from Bikapur, former BSP MLA Bhagwan Sharma alias Guddu Pandit, who was arrested in 2008 for abducting and raping a college girl, has been fielded by Samajwadi Party from Dibai in Bulandshahr.The Samajwadi Party is also supporting the candidature of royal family scion Raghuraj Pratap Singh \"Raja Bhaiyya\". Another SP candidate from Gyanpur, Vijay Mishra, is currently in jail while the party has also fielded close family members of known criminals at some places, including Anup Gupta, son of Om Prakash Gupta from Mahauli in Sitapur, who has a criminal record and is in jail in connection with the foodgrain scam.Even Congress, till December end, according to National Election Watch, an NGO comprising eminent citizens working towards cleaner politics, has fielded 26 candidates with a criminal background. The dubious club thus includes BJP with 20 candidates, Samajwadi Party (24) and Rashtriya Lok Dal of Ajit Singh with 1 criminal case. Interestingly, According to the National Election Watch, BJP's 20 candidates with tainted records also include its state president Surya Pratap Shahi, who will be contesting from Pathardeva in Kushinagar district.What has been, however, intriguing for the political pundits is the fact that despite even earlier clamouring over fielding of tainted politicians, the trend has been as old as over three decades. Akhilesh Singh of Rae Bareli, DP Yadav, Harishanker Tiwari, Mukhtar Ansari and Amarmani Tripathi are among the veteran mafia-turned-politicians already in the political arena.With tainted candidates thrust on them, the voters are often left frustrated. Parties come with strange pleas like let the voters decide whether they like criminals or not and a 'person is innocent till proven guilty\". Will the political parties purge the politics of criminal elements? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11384107", "title": "Country\u2019s largest solar power plant goes online", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat has taken a step forward to become India's solar capital. The state, which has signed power purchase agreements for 1,000 MW of solar energy , has become home to nation's largest solar power plant.Ahmedabad-based infrastructure major Adani group on Thursday commissioned a 40 MW solar plant in Kutch. Its capacity will be expanded up to 100 MW. Gujarat has inked pacts with companies like Lanco Infratech , Tata Power and GMR Infrastructure among others to generate solar power.Gujarat is also luring solar power equipment makers to set up shop - China's TBEA recently announced to invest Rs 500 crore as part of setting up a Rs 2,500 crore Green Energy Park near Vadodara.\"Power generated from this solar plant will be evacuated through a 66 KV line linked to a substation in Netra ,\" said an Adani release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "11381927", "title": "Fog hits 3 thermal power plant units", "text": "PANIPAT: Major cities of Haryana, including Gurgaon, Faridabad, Rohtak, Panipat and Karnal, faced major power outages on Thursday after a foggy morning led to tripping of three thermal units at Panipat.Thermal unit number 6, 7 and 8 - that generate close to 710MW electricity - tripped at 6.. With unit 3 of the thermal plant having tripped earlier and unit 2 too being down for 10 days due to a technical fault, the power situation in the state became worse.The generation dropped from 1,900MW to 1,140MW and Gurgaon, Faridabad, Rohtak Panipat and Karnal faced major power cuts. The units were revived one by one at an interval of 15 minutes, after 9am.Residents have already been facing a 6-8 hour power cut daily, making the winter days unbearable. Haryana faces a power shortage of around 170 lakh unit, the maximum during peak hours.The 600 MW Khedar unit 1 has been under maintenance since December 1. Scheduled to become functional on December 15, officials said it might start working early next week.The 300 MW thermal unit 2 at Yamunnagar has not been functional since September 25 due to high turbine vibrations and entry of water in turbine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11382389", "title": "Repairs to hit water supply tomorrow", "text": "NASHIK: A vacuum circuit breaker (VCB) panel installation by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) at the Gangapur Dam Pumping Station on Saturday will affect the water supply in the city from 9 am to 9 pm.A 1,200m pipeline will also be laid from Shivaji Nagar to New Nashik ( CIDCO). Besides, a 1,200m pipeline for impure water will be laid from Gangapur Dam pumping station to other parts of the city and other repair works will be carried out on Saturday. On Sunday, the pressure of water will be low throughout the city.\"VCB panel is installed so that if there is any fault in the pumping station, the water supply gets cut immediately. There are different kinds of electrical panels to check irregularities. There is load on the present VCB panel which is 1200 KV, as compared to the quantity of water in the pumping station. Hence the need for installing a new one of 1600 KV,\" informed Superintending Engineer of the water supply department of the NMC, RK Pawar.The department informed that all the major and minor works were being done on one single day so that the citizens do not have to face inconvenience. They have appealed to citizens to take note of the situation and cooperate with the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11381769", "title": "Increase in malaria cases attributed to longer rainy season", "text": "JAIPUR: Since malaria cases increased in 2011 in comparison to 2010, the medical, health and family welfare department has launched an exercise to find out the scientific reasons such as climate change behind the spread of the vector-borne disease.In 2011, more than 53,000 malaria cases were reported in the state, which was higher than the corresponding period in 2010. Altogether 51,000 cases were reported in 2010.The department collected data of rainfall from meteorological department for the past few years and found that the duration of rainfall has increased every year slightly.\"Mosquitoes breed during rainy season. The peak season of malaria overlaps with rainy season. During rains, the numbers of mosquitoes increase in an environment conducive to breeding. Now, if the period and duration of rainfall will increase, it will also increase the rate of mosquito breeding,\" a health department official said.He said that it could be possible that the amount of rainfall may vary - it could increase or decrease - but the duration has increased.Experts say the main causes of climate change are carbon emissions come from industrial processes and transport, methane emissions from livestock and manure, use of fuel to generate energy, energy used in houses, including driving cars and air travels.The health department claimed that the numbers of malaria cases have decreased in the past 10 years. Health director (health) B R Meena said, \"But the situation is under control. In 2002, there were 93,000 cases. But it has decreased by a large amount. We are working hard to decrease the numbers by carrying out anti-larvae activities in the state.\"Moreover, the department is also working on finding other possible causes for increase in the malaria cases so that it could fight against the disease in an efficient way.In a report sent to Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board, the medical department official mentioned, \"the transmission windows of malaria in Rajasthan are likely to increase by 3-5 months. This is because the rainfall in October in the previous year creates favourable conditions for a good vegetation growth and hence retention of optimum humidity conditions required for breeding of the mosquitoes in the subsequent year.\"It also stated that climate change is expected to adversely impact human health by increasing the risk of exposure to vector-borne diseases.The report further said that while some states will continue facing risk of malaria under climate change, while other states may see a reduction in length of transmission season.\"Recently, when entomological and parasitological investigations were carried out on malaria vectors and disease prevalence in two sets of villages, the first set belonging to the highly irrigated IGNP command-area villages, and the other to the truly desert non-command (un-irrigated) area villages, malaria prevalence, as determined through sustained fever surveys, was higher in the INGP villages than that of in the un-irrigated villages. Another finding was the high proportion of plasmodium falciparum (76.6%) in the former villages as compared to the latter (16.6%). The major ecological changes associated with irrigation in the Thar desert are understood to be playing an important role in accentuating the transmission of malaria,\" the department mentioned in the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11382199", "title": "City lines up for Dubai with empty bags", "text": "LUDHIANA: The wealthy and rich of the city have only one way to fly if they are planning a holiday in January. India's Manchester city seems kicked about one of the most awaited shopping fiest as Dubai Shopping Festival (DSF) that started today.The shopaholic industrialists and businessmen of the city are prepared to get to to the ground of action soon. While some are already in Dubai, others are anxiously waiting to leave.Sanjeev Singla of Sarabha Nagar did not want to miss the first day and reached Dubai before the festival kicked off. \"I came to a mall with my friend while the rest of the Dubai was still asleep to beat the rush and our plan was successful,'' said an excited Sanjeev over the phone.Pakhowal Road resident Darpan Bajaj is also in Dubai at present for the shopping festival. \"I wore lighter clothes to save valuable shopping time while trying dresses in stores,'' he said.Green Field resident Jatinder Bedi was busy serving his taste buds on the first day of DSF. \"I had some exotic ice-creams which I never get in Ludhiana,'' he said.Ashu Basant of Model Town said he had been giving DSF a miss for last two years. \"But, this year my wife and I, along with another couple, are leaving for Dubai on January 9. We would be back by January 18 and I am sure we will have a splendid time,'' said Ashu.Kitchlu Nagar resident Amrin Bawa said he would leave for Dubai with his family on January 14 and he wishes to see the Atlantis Resort, which he has seen only on internet so far. Aman Roy of Civil Lines said shopping in Dubai fascinates him as it is largely tax-free, as merchants are permitted to import products from other countries with little or no custom duty. \"I always wanted to take my family to Dubai and DSF is just the right time for this trip,'' said Aman, who is leaving on January 8.Model Town resident Sukarant Virmani was envious of his brothers sopping spree at DSF-2011 and made sure he doesn't miss the fest this year. He is flying to Dubai on January 10. Sarabha Nagar resident Niti Taneja's excitement is hard to miss as she clinches the tickets for Dubai in her hands. Boarding her flight on January 15, Niti said this could be the best holiday any woman would want. \"As shopping is our favourite past time,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11381143", "title": "Karnatak University gets tagged for its excellence", "text": "DHARWAD: The Karnatak University in Dharwad has another feather in its cap. It has secured the University of Potential Excellence (UPE) tag from University Grants Commission.The tag has a special grant of Rs 50 crore for a period of five years to undertake research and development works. KU vice-chancellor H B Walikar said Karnatak University was one of the six universities to bag the UPE tag. The other varsities selected for UPE are Mysore University, Banaras Hindu University, Banaras, Osmania University, Hyderabad, Gurunanakdev University, Amritsar and Rajasthan University, Jaipur.While 36 universities had applied for the tag, only 10 were called to give their presentation. Eventually, only six universities were selected for the UPE tag. Karnatak University had passed two levels of presentation and recently made a final paper presentation before the UGC high level committee. Apart from the V-C, the KU team consisted of registrar S B Hinchigeri, Prof H M Maheshwaraiah (holistic development), Prof K B Gudasi, Prof S S Benchalli and Prof B M Swami (drug designing and intelligent machines).The Karnatak University has been told to make a budget plan and send it to the university within a week for UGC to release the funds. Walikar said the focus would be on anti-tumour activity that has been taken up by departments of biochemistry, physics, genetics, botany and zoology.\"The varsity has prepared a budget for Rs 25.9 crore for research under focus area and Rs 27.8 crore for infrastructure development and campus development. New buildings, utility centres, placement cells, water conservation, preservation of culture and heritage will be taken care of under the infrastructure development,\" the V-C said.Professor B M Swamy of the PG department of studies in biochemistry said the UPE tag would help the varsity immensely as it would provide funds for taking up research and extension activities. He said, \"The biochemistry department has been working on anti-cancer drugs for past 15 years and the results have been encouraging. With UGC's help, the research will be taken to a logical end.\"Registrar S B Hinchigeri, also a professor in the zoology department, said the varsity had been preparing for the UPE tag for several years and the efforts have finally yielded result. Professor Ratnakar of PG department of political science, who is a special officer, planning and development, said the UPE tag would enable the varsity to enhance research work, teaching, learning, placement and provide extra facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11385694", "title": "Salman Khan wants some dum", "text": "Done being the boss, the actor decides to return to host the game show 10 Ka DumAccording to a friend of the actor, his decision to give Bigg Boss 6 a miss comes in light of the recent turbulent relationship Salman shares with the channel. \"Salman was unhappy with the lack of organisation and the haphazard schedules,\" explained the actor's friend. Reportedly, the actor was on a contract with the channel for the fourth and fifth season, but a source from the company revealed, \"We have not renewed the contract for the sixth season as yet. Let's see what happens.\"And with Bigg Boss being sidelined in Salman's schedule for the moment, the actor's friend told us that the broadcasters of 10 Ka Dum have found an opportunity to bury the hatchet with the actor and have roped him in for the third season of the show. Salman's friend revealed, \"Salman had a fallout with the broadcasters over financial issues, after the second season wrapped up. Salman wanted a hike, but the channel refused to concede to his demands. However, they have resolved their differences and in fact, the channel plans on buying the rights of Dabangg and Dabangg 2. The modalities are currently being worked out.\" The broadcasters of 10 Ka Dum were unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11382866", "title": "Shortage of engineering colleges in state", "text": "PATNA: Even as engineering studies continue to be high on the mind of students passing out of Plus 2 stage of school education in the state, Bihar continues to be a notable laggard as far as having institutes providing engineering studies to the students in concerned. The number of engineering colleges, both in the public and private sector, is abysmally low.As on date, there are six engineering colleges for boys and one for girls in public sector and nine others in the private sector in the state. Besides the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Patna, and the National Institute of Technology (NIT), Patna, there is also an extension centre of the Birla Institute of Technology (BIT) running in the state.The overall annual intake of these technical institutes offering engineering education to students in Bihar is merely 4,559, even as several thousands of students take admission in engineering colleges outside the state every year. By one estimate, the state would need around 300 engineering colleges, be it in public or private sectors, to be in position to absorb students seeking engineering education. As one science and technology department official put it, Karnataka has 400 such colleges. \"Thousands of Bihari students take admission there,\" the official added.Indeed, as far back as 2005, during the build-up to the end of anti-Lalu-Rabri rule in the state, the craze for engineering education among school students of Bihar and their consequential migration to engineering institutes outside Bihar was high on the agenda of political parties, rooting for change in the then political dispensation in the state. These political parties used to also point to voters that the migration of students for studies has been accounting for the flow of Rs 3,000 crore annually from the state to be spent on the maintenance of students!Six years on, the things have hardly changed, and in fact, the volume of money drain from the state ought to have increased in multiples, given the increase in fees and cost of living in big and small towns, as well as metros, in other states where the institutes are located. \"It is true that a lot of students are still going out for education in engineering colleges. At present, we are not in a position to do much, but something concrete is being done. The process has started,\" said science and technology department director Bhagwan Singh, adding: \"We are not sitting idle on the matter.\"As it is, the seventh engineering college of the state government would start its first session this year from July at Chhapra, while the process to create infrastructure for three new engineering colleges -- one each at Madhepura, Begusarai and Sitamarhi -- has started, Singh added.Incidentally, against the sanctioned intake of 1,390 students in the existing government engineering colleges of Bihar as many as 1,450 students are getting admission. Similarly, in the nine engineering colleges in the private sector, against the official annual intake of 2,444 students, the number of students is 2,404.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-06"}
