{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345329", "title": "East Bengal back on course", "text": "KOLKATA: Penn Orji rose to the occasion to breathe back life into title-chasing East Bengal's I-League journey, scoring both goals in a 2-1 win over Air India at the Salt Lake Stadium on Monday that ensured that his team will stay within striking distance of the title when the first phase ends.The Nigerian midfielder led the red-and-gold troops from the front, rescuing the team even as it looked close to losing the plot once the visitors struck the equalizer. Morgan's brigade finished the first leg with 26 points from 13 matches, the job half-done but good enough to make sure that they would begin the next phase as one of the top four teams - along with Dempo SC , Churchill Brothers and Mohun Bagan.Air India remained stuck in mid-table with 19 points - a job done well enough to ensure that they will be, as coach Santosh Kashyap admitted, with \"almost no fear of relegation\" when they go into the final phase.Given the two teams' different points of view and ambition, this was a match East Bengal needed to win more than their rivals did, if not anything but to test self-belief and title-credentials after the 0-4 setback against Salgaocar in Margao on Thursday.No wonder Morgan wanted his players to make a strong statement of intent and purpose in the new year. And their start was so powerful and pronounced that a repeat of East Bengal's 6-1 win over Air India in the last I-League peeped as a possibility. The usual tale of missed opportunities blurred the hosts' vision, and some sloppy defending allowed the visitors to actually threaten to twist the script. Thanks to Penn's superb show, it all ended with the team and fans having something to cheer about at the start of the year.If it was a victory for East Bengal, penned by the Nigerian, it turned out to be a forgettable outing for his teammate Robin Singh - who returned to action after five matches following a groin injury. Singh squandered at least three sitters -his attempts hitting the crosspiece on two occasions - before a recurrence of the same injury forced him to make an exit in the first-half stoppage time. He is expected to miss another month of action.Tolgay Ozbey came with his usual endeavour in the attacking third, toying with the rivals with his turns, twists and jinking run. He didn't score but played his part in both goals.In the 25th minute, the Australian's flick-on landed in Penn's path near the box. Air India defender Pratik Chaudhari fumbled with the clearing and the Nigerian raced ahead unchallenged. On seeing goalkeeper Harshad Meher coming out of his line, Penn intelligently sent his shot in over his head.Kashyap introduced Ezeh Henry after the break and he struck the equalizer in the 51st minute, taking full advantage of a defensive lapse. When Bijoy Basfore's cross found Henry at the back post, neither Saikat Saha Roy nor Nirmal Chhetri was in a position to challenge him. The Air India sub had no difficulty in beating Gurpreet Singh Sandhu with a perfect header.But Penn calmed his team's nerves with another exhibition of brilliance in the 74th minute, taking care of Pratik's challenge with a swift turn and then beating Meher with a sharp volley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11350966", "title": "Pharmacy graduates to be provided skill training", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: To facilitate the smooth functioning of the chain of 'Karunya' retail medical stores being launched by the Kerala Medical Services Corporation Ltd (KMSCL) across the state, the State Pharmacy Council is gearing up to devise a training programme for fresh pharmacy graduates.The idea is to provide them basic skills needed to manage pharmacies in government hospitals. With the launching of the chain of retail outlets, there is going to be a huge demand for pharmacists. But there is a general feeling that most of the pharmacists passing out of colleges are not skilled enough to work in drug stores.\"We are going to equip these graduates with basic skills to enable them to manage drug stores from the day they join,'' said KC Ajith Kumar , president, State Pharmacy Council.It was the KMSCL that had approached the Council to start the training programme. The Council has already launched a 20-day pilot training session for those who have passed diploma or degree course in pharmacy.\"Though KMSCL wanted the course to be launched immediately, we were unable to do that. We have decided to launch a comprehensive three-month course from March. The first batch will have 50 students,\" said Ajith Kumar.It was after KMSCL had found that pharmacists employed in its warehouses and drug stores weren't good enough that it persuaded the Pharmacy Council to chalk out a training programme for pharmacy graduates. The training centre is coming up at Thiruvananthapuram and retired director of Amritha College of Pharmacy, Dr KG Revikumar, will be head the institute.The course will cover a wide range of practical subjects in the area of drug management, including warehouse management, procurement strategy, drug policies, inventory control techniques, storage-related issues, drug information, patient-centred problems, etc. After the completion of the course, the trainees are expected to be able to control a pharmacy independently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "11346307", "title": "Kudankulam residents to migrate to CFL from Pongal", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Residents of Kudankulam and neighbouring villages, who are opposed to the proposed construction of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP) project, have decided to switch over to Compact Fluorescent Lamps (CFL) from conventional electric lamps on the day of Bhogi, as part of an initiative to conserve energy.M Pushparayan, activist from People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) while talking about their struggle schedule for January said that the people have taken the decision to switch over to CFL. The people are taking measures to save energy. As bhogi festival symbolises on moving to new things from old, they are leaving the energy consuming bulbs to new energy-saving CFL bulbs on that day, he said. \"We also urge all the public to take such measures to help our state in power conservation,\" he said.\"The committee, which discussed about the struggle schedule has decided to urge the Centre to grant 1,000MW power from the central grid to the state,\" he said and added, \"We also urge the Centre to provide more funds for renewable energy sources as requested by our chief minister.\"The residents are sticking to their old demand of scrapping KKNPP and to remove the uranium rods from the plant immediately, he said.PMANE has asked the Tirunelveli district administration to help them get an appointment with the chief minister. The activists will be meeting the district collector on Tuesday evening, he said.\"We want to ask the chief minister to facilitate a meeting between the expert committees of the Centre and PMANE. We would also ask the CM to pressurise the Centre to remove the uranium rods from KKNPP,\" Pushparayan said.Meanwhile, PMK founder Ramadoss will be participating the in the 100th day of relay fast at Idinthakarai on January 21. The activists have decided to burn the model of KKNPP on January 30, which happens to be the memorial day of Mahatma Gandhi . After burning the model, they have planned a mourning ceremony for the Father of the Nation.\"Gandhi and his values were long forgotten in the country and we want to mourn over his death as well as his values,\" Pushparayan added.The schedule also includes mass rallies taken up in Rajapalayam on January 6, hunger fast at Puducherry on January 8 and Republic Day rally and agitation from Perumanal to Chettikulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344200", "title": "Viral cases rise due to untimely rains", "text": "NAGPUR: Towards the end of 2011, the city experienced some unusual weather conditions. There has been a vast gap between the maximum and minimum temperature for the day. The unfavourable conditions paved way for growth of viruses, leading to infections.The gay abandon, that is part of the festivities at the end of the year, gave rise to another set of diseases, resulting from a lack of awareness about what one should consume during the celebrations. Doctors say there have been more people complaining of various ailments for the past couple of weeks due to both these reasons.\"It is usual for viral infections to flare up in such weather conditions. In the past weeks, I have been seeing more cases of fever, too. Along with it, more eating and drinking out leads to rise in cases of gastric and throat infections,\" said physician Dr Pradeep Rajderkar, president of the city chapter of Indian Medical Association (IMA).Mostly the city winters are devoid of moisture, but 2012 was welcomed with rains, thanks to the cyclonic activities in the southern part of the country. \"Dry winters are ideal for viral mutations. Hence it is advisable to avoid exposure to the extreme temperature difference, especially late in the nights and early mornings. The most common illnesses during this time are cough, cold, worsening of asthmatic condition, fever, headaches, body ache among others,\" senior physician Dr Satish Mulay. He added that heart patients and children are among the most susceptible.Former IMA president and ENT surgeon Dr Prashant Nikhade said, \"This is the time when we have more people coming in with respiratory infections. One infection that not many people would know about is the ear infection caused by fungal growth inside the ear due to increased humidity.\" He said that chances of infection increase due to the alcohol and smoking consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11348321", "title": "Parts of Shiradi Ghat will be motorable", "text": "MANGALORE: Woes of commuters using the badly damaged stretches of Shiradi Ghat on the busy Bangalore-Mangalore National Highway could ease a wee bit within the next fortnight. The national highways department of the state government, which on directions from the CM has undertaken the work of repairing the damaged stretches at a cost of Rs 6 crore, is expected to complete the work during this period and ensure that it is traffic worthy.PWD minister CM Udasi interacting with reporters after inspecting the ongoing construction works at the district courts complex here on Monday saidthe Rs 132 crore proposal sent by the state government to repair the Ghat is hanging fire for various reasons.The state government has repeatedly drawn the attention of Union ministers from Karnataka to the state of Shiradi Ghat, Udasi said, adding he is planning to meet ministers concerned at New Delhi again in the next 15 days. Since the upkeep of NH has to be done by National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), Udasi said the state government, on instructions from the CM, as an interim measure has taken the initiative to make the road motorable.A senior official in PWD said the current work undertaken by NH department is only to make the road motorable and does not entail recarpeting the damaged stretches of the highway along the 40 km Ghat section. \"Nearly 20 km of the Ghat section has been badly damaged in stretches,\" the official said, adding that the officials of NH department monitoring the progress of repair work have indicated that it could be over in the next three to four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11345446", "title": "Oprah may attend Jaipur Literature Festival", "text": "JAIPUR: TV talk show host, actress, producer and philanthropist Oprah Winfrey may attend the Jaipur Literature Festival scheduled for later this month, organizers said on Monday.JLF organizers said Oprah had agreed to attend but hadn't yet sent a written confirmation. Imtiaz Alam of Teamworks, the festival organizer, said he should know for sure in next three to four days. The festival is scheduled for January 20 to 24. Oprah might also be shooting a travel show during her visit. She had reportedly promised prince Manvendra Singh Gohil of Rajpipla during a visiting his palace in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11347879", "title": "Police identify Majhi killers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police said on Monday they have got crucial leads in the murder of former Umerkote BJD legislator Jagabandhu Majhi. Odisha DGP Manmohan Praharaj said police have identified the killers and got credible evidence against them.\"We have got credible evidence against those involved in the killing of the legislator,\" Praharaj said on the sidelines of the fourth foundation of twin city police commissionerate system here.However, mystery continues to shroud as to who murdered Majihi and why as Praharaj refused to divulge details of the finding. \"It will affect the investigation process if disclosed now,\" Praharaj said. Currently the crime branch wing of the state police is probing the matter.Wheelchair-bound Majhi and his personal security officer were gunned down on September 24 last year at a public function in the Maoist-infested Nabarangpur district.Maoist hand was being suspected to be behind the murders even as the crime branch is still probing the incident from all angles, including possiblity of involvement of Majhi's rivals. The crime branch recently released the sketch of a suspect.A noted tribal leader, Majhi was elected to the state assembly from Umerkote for the first time in 2009. He gained prominence during the past decade by leading a violent tribal movement under the Dalit Samaj banner against alleged land grab by Bangladeshi settlers in Raighar and other parts of Nabarangpur. He was killed at an event organized to distribute land pattas (record of rights) to poor people at Gona village, close to the Odisha-Chhattisgarh border, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11343633", "title": "An exhibition of the city's past", "text": "COIMBATORE: Portraits of those men and women who shaped Coimbatore over the years and paintings and sketches of major land marks of the city constituted an exhibition organized as part of the Coimbatore Vizha, the cultural festival of the city.The exhibition, that gave an outline of the city's cultural and industrial growth, was organized under the joint aegis of Vanavarayar Foundation and Young Indians, the youth wing of Confederation of Indian Industries (CII). The event was held at Brookefields Mall.There were two sections to the exhibition and they were named as 'Timeless Facades' and 'Incredible Coimbatorians.' The sketches and water colour paintings were prepared by renowned Painter Solomon.Timeless Facades included the portraits of 30 heritage buildings of Coimbatore including those of the corporation building and Town Hall's clock tower. The exhibits show the magnanimity of the prominent structures, which have lost their charm with the pace of developmental activities in the city.\"Apart from enjoying some good artistic works, I also learned about the city's past. The exhibition was a unique experience,\" said Sujinesh K Sundar, final year electronic media student of PSG College of Arts and Science in the city.The portraits of 'Incredible Coimbatorians' included 35 eminent personalities who were responsible for the development of the city. This had Subiah Gounder who started the Perur Tamil College and Sir Robert Stanes who brought industries to the city.\"I could very well relate to the buildings of historical prominence while looking at such portraits. Till then they were just buildings for me and I didn't know their importance,\" said K Sham, a computer science student, who paints as a hobby.Later, racer Narain Karthikeyan led a fascinating show of play station car racing. Hundreds thronged the venue to play with the acclaimed racer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11345825", "title": "Get an MRI done at Rs 1,500", "text": "KOCHI: An MRI scan centre will be set up at the Ernakulam General Hospital soon, from where the public can undergo scanning at a cheap rate of Rs 1,500.Announcing the proposal, P Rajeev MP said that he had allocated Rs 1.25 crore from his MP fund for the purpose.The project is estimated to cost Rs 3 crore. Cochin Shipyard Limited has expressed its willingness to fund the rest of the money.\"The idea arose out of the fact that no government hospital in Ernakulam district has such a facility. The nearest ones available are at the medical colleges at Kottayam and Thrissur. Patients who are financially backward have to either travel long distances or approach private scan centres in the city which charge Rs 6,000 to Rs 10,000.\" Rajeev said.\"Even at the Kottayam and Thrissur medical colleges, the centres are being run by private persons. Hence, doctors across Kerala have been pressing for a government-run MRI scan centre for some time,\" Rajeev said.\"GH superintendent Junaid Rahman is expected to head the centre. The hospital has sought the support of the state government and the health minister in this regard,\" Rajeev said.\"The centre will be modelled on the Aluva Regional Dialysis Centre which provides dialysis service for Rs 200. We are also planning to reduce the scanning charges further for those patients who are below the poverty line. We also plan to welcome donations from welfare organizations to meet the expenses,\" Rajeev said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11350032", "title": "I-T dept vigil on 'suspicious' transactions", "text": "Allahabad: Acting on the directives of the Election Commission, the income tax department has formed a team to keep a tab on transaction of cash/jewellery, bullion or other things that could influence the election process.The I-T department had started a toll free number 1800-1805132, where people can provide information about such deals.Talking to newspersons, assistant director (investigations) Sudhanshu Dhar Mishra said that a series of measures have been taken to keep vigil on large money transactions including cash, jewellery, bullion or other things for influencing elections.The income tax department has also interacted with the officers of GRP, RPF, state excise department, surface transport department and sought cooperation in this regard.The department had held a meeting with the owners of major hotels and sought cooperation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11349281", "title": "Missing Chennai child found in another hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: An 18-month-old girl who went missing from Kilpauk Medical College (KMC) Hospital early on Monday, was rescued by the police from the Institute of Child Health, Egmore on Tuesday morning.Hospital authorities said a man aged around 40 brought the child to the hospital on Monday morning. The doctors asked him to bring the child's mother as the girl was crying incessantly. The man left the hospital leaving behind the child, and did not return.On Tuesday morning, the hospital staffs were shocked to see read the news about Priyadarshini, the child who had gone missing from KMC, where her mother had delivered a baby. The hospital authorities informed the police about the child.Police took Priyadarshini's father Rajesh Kannan to KMC. On seeing her father, Priyadarshini ran towards him,\" Kilpauk deputy commissioner of police K Bhavaneeshwari said. Rajesh's wife Selvi has been in KMC since two weeks after she delivered a girl on December 27.The newborn was kept in an incubator and the mother was in the ICU. Rajesh, a resident of Tiruverkadu, has been staying in the hospital along with Priadarshini to take care of Selvi.Police said, Priyadarshini went missing from the hospital at 3.30am on Monday while sleeping next to her father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346770", "title": "110 challans issued on New Year\u2019s Eve", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police issued at least 110 challans for drunken driving on New Year's eve. It was probably the maximum number of challans issued by the police for the offence in a single night this winter. The offenders also including some women drivers.\"A total of 110 challans were issued for drunken driving on Saturday night, while six more challans were issued for other offences. We had set-up 14 alcohol-metre check-posts in different parts ofthe city,\" said Vijay Kumar, deputy superintendent of police, Chandigarh traffic, while adding thatthere were 32 patrolling teams that were making rounds of the city roads.As for women offenders, Kumar said, \"Yes, challans for drunken driving were issued to some women drivers too but right now I don't have the exact number.\"Police also claimed that no untoward incident took place on December 31 night, when scores of people had come out on the roads to welcome the new year.However, there were people who condemned the heavy police presence on city roads.Puneet Bhalla, an engineer, who had gone for a 'geri' with his wife on Saturday night, said, \"In Sector 17, cops outnumbered shoppers at some places. I don't understand the need for having so many cops in public places. It was rather intimidating.\"Earlier, tightening its noose around drunken drivers, Chandigarh police had issued 78 challans on Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11346480", "title": "Fresh hooch case in Krishna, one loses vision, five critical", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Even before the tribals of Poratanagar could recover from the hooch tragedy which claimed 17 lives, 14 people from another tribal hamlet in Mylavaram mandal fell seriously ill on Monday after consuming spurious liquor on New Year's day.One person lost his vision due to high doses of methanol in the illicit liquor, while five others developed serious lung infections. \"We are monitoring their health in the ICU. Their condition is critical,\" chief of a private hospital Ramanamurthy told TOI. He said the condition of others is not worrisome. All the victims hail from Vedurubidem, 12 km from Mylavaram town, who consumed the hooch on Sunday.They were rushed to the private hospital in Vijayawada in the morning after they started vomiting and complained of chest pain, severe headache and body pains. The latest incident sent shock waves among the district officials, as 24 others were undergoing treatment at different hospitals in Vijayawada and Mylavaram ever since the hooch tragedy broke out on December 31.Krishna district collector S A M Rizvi said the 14 people from Vedurubidem came to the community health centre for a check-up and the doctors referred six of them to Vijayawada government hospital. When their condition did not improve, they were taken to the private hospital. Five others were kept under observation at the health centre. Ironically, the Banjara community of several Lambada hamlets spread over Mylavaram and Reddigudem mandals did not give up the locally brewed (illicitly distilled) liquor despite fully knowing that a good number of tribals were killed after consuming the liquor on December 31. \"The locals of Vedurubidem enjoyed the New Year by consuming the liquor throughout the day. With all the officials from excise and prohibition department away in Vijayawada and Mylavaram, the local brewers virtually had a field day in selling huge stocks,\" said M Satyanarayana, a local merchant in the village.But what saved them was that the authorities were quick in shifting them to a private hospital when their condition turned critical. \"Whereas the victims of Kanimerla and Poratanagar thandas could not survive as they were taken to the governments hospitals in Vijayawada and Mylavaram,\" a senior official said. While Mylavaram is 43 km from Vijayawada, all the affected thandas are located within 10-15 km from Mylavaram.Joint collector Gourav Uppal said they have formed special teams to crack the whip on the sale of hooch in the tribal hamlets. He said they would conduct awareness programmes in the tribal hamlets on the ill effects of the hooch on their lives. Excise minister M Venkata Ramana said the government would bear the expenses for the treatment of those who were undergoing treatment in private hospitals.Meanwhile, expressing deep anguish over the liquor deaths, assembly speaker Nadendla Manohar said there was a need for better coordination among various government departments to fight the illicit liquor menace. Manohar said in Machilipatnam that he would discuss the issue of setting up a joint taskforce comprising excise, revenue, police and tribal welfare departments to handle the large-scale consumption of illicit liquor in tribal areas with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11345811", "title": "\u2018Poll code will not affect Carnival\u2019", "text": "PANAJI: The model code of conduct will not affect the celebration of the traditional festival of Carnival in Goa. The three day Carnival celebration will commence in the state from February 18.Carnival is a festival season which occurs immediately before lent. The main events will be held in Panaji, Mapusa, Margao, Vasco and other places.Speaking to TOI, chief electoral officer S Kumarasawamy said that there would be no problems in celebrating the festival when the model code of conduct is in force.Every year the festival committees of different cities organize the Carnival festival in their respective cities in association with tourism department. \"No political functionary should associate with the celebration, there should be no highlighting of government schemes and achievements. Otherwise there is no problem to celebrate Carnival festival,\" added Kumarasawamy.He also said that the tourism department should apply for prior permission from the Election Commission of India to celebrate Carnival in the state to avoid inconvenience.Tourism director Swapnil Naik stated that there is no problem to celebrate the Carnival. \"We will ask for the permission from Election Commission of India to celebrate Carnival,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11349746", "title": "IMC may mop up Rs 250 cr tax by March-end", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is hoping to mop up Rs 250 crore through tax collection by the end of this fiscal, up from Rs 172 crore collected during the last fiscal.The civic body has already collected Rs 150 crore during the current fiscal, up from Rs 111 crore collected in the corresponding period last fiscal. Of all taxes collected by the civic body, property tax portfolio constitutes to be the major contributor to the corporation's kitty.Talking to ToI, Manoj Pushp, additional commissioner, IMC, said, \"The IMC gives a discount of 6%, if the tax is deposited by April. The residents do not have to pay additional charge if the tax is paid by December. We charge 15% additional charge on property tax and 10% additional fee on water taxes as penalty in case these are not submitted by December 31. This explains heavy rush on December 31 for tax payment.\"The corporation has made arrangement of online tax paying system. One can know outstanding dues at the touch of computer screen, said Pushp. \"Apart from it, we have opened a separate window for taxes payment for women , disabled and senior citizens, said Pushp. If all goes well, we are sure of achieving the target,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "11347882", "title": "Simlipal's wait for tiger force continues", "text": "BARIPADA: Simlipal is yet to get its Special Tiger Protection Force even though the Centre had taken the decision to have it two years ago. Though Bandipur in Karnataka and a few tiger reserves in Maharashtra have already established their Special Tiger Protection Force, some formalities have delayed the launch of the project in Simlipal, said Anup Kumar Nayak, field director of the tiger reserve-cum-regional chief conservator of forests (Baripada).Nayak also said the state government, on its part, should give legal immunity to Simlipal Special Tiger Protection Force (SSTPF) personnel to use firearms to combat \"tiger poaching and other related offences within the tiger habitat\". Sources said the Tiger Force Assistant Conservator of Forests will remain the commander of SSTPF, while the field director will remain in-charge of the overall command of the Force.Though the SSTPF is meant to be funded by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), it needs the formal nod of the state finance department for implementation, Nayak said. Delay in getting this approval is one of the reasons for delay in launching of the project, Nayak added.The SSTPF will have three platoons, each under a tiger force range officer and assisted by six tiger force Forester and 30 special tiger guards. Its total recurring cost will be Rs 1.62 crore per annum with the non-recurring expenses working out to be Rs 1.9 crore approximately. The SSTPF foresters and forest guards will be trained by the state police as well as central paramilitary forces based on a special syllabus for skill development, combating poaching and intelligence-based enforcement in a forest terrain.The Simlipal Tiger Reserve sprawls over 2,750 sq km came to be known as the poachers' paradise when in mid-2010 after wildlife activists exposed 'mass killing' of elephants prompting the NTCA to appoint a 'probe team'. A survey conducted by Dehradun-based Wildlife Institute of India between March 26 and May 27, 2007 revealed that there were only 30 Royal Bengal Tigers in Simlipal. In 2004, the forest department put the number of big cats at 101 during a survey carried out under the pugmark method. The present scenario also presents largescale killing of sambars, deers and wild boars, the prey animals of tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346253", "title": "After 1 month ordeal, father gets his son's autopsy done", "text": "LUCKNOW: The month-long ordeal of Munnawar Khan, a native of Jaunpur, finally ended on Monday evening when a radiologist arrived at Jaunpur district hospital and took an x-ray of the decomposed body of his 23-year-old son Dilawar Khan. \"Yes, the doctor has completed the x-ray examination of my son and handed over the body to me,\" Munnawar, a truck driver, told TOI.Dilawar's body was recovered from a well near Kerakat railway station on December 1. Munnawar had gone to Varanasi on Monday as per the directives from the doctors at Jaunpur district hospital.The doctors had expressed their inability to conduct the examination as they did not have any radiologist and told Munnawar to go to Varanasi. But, in Varanasi, the doctors again refused to conduct an x-ray, Munnawar told TOI. It was after this that chief medical superintendent, Jaunpur district hospital, Dr RP Sharma contacted additional director health, Varanasi, Dr KK Singh and requested him to send a radiologist to Jaunpur for the x-ray.Now that the X-ray has been done, the report will be sent to the Medico Legal Cell in Lucknow to ascertain the cause of Dilawar's death. A murder case against four persons was lodged in December first week leading to the arrest of three accused. Munnawar's agony began when the autopsy conducted by Dr RP Maurya in December failed to divulge the cause of Dilawar's death. Maurya had then told Munnawar that since Dilawar's body was decomposed, cause of death could only be ascertained at the medico legal cell in Lucknow.Officials in Lucknow, however, asked the distraught father to go back to Jaunpur as they only needed an x-ray report and five colour photographs of the deceased to ascertain the cause of the death. Munnawar returned along with his son's body to Jaunpur on Sunday. But, doctors in Jaunpur directed him to go to Varanasi.However, under media pressure, a radiologist was sent to Jaunpur for the x-ray examination, Munnawar told TOI. CMS Jaunpur district hospital Dr RP Sharma confirmed to reporters that radiologist Rakesh Kumar Ranjan had come from Varanasi to perform the x-ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348869", "title": "Shaheb Bhattacherjee is back in Kolkata", "text": "Topshe aka Shaheb Bhattacherjee is back in Kolkata after a month-long vacation in Scotland and London . It's only work for him now.The actor is busy shooting for Soumen Singha Roy's \" Anubhab\". \"The film is about a child (essayed by Akash) and his relationship with me. The child is a victim of the societal pressure. He finds solace in my company. I play a village guy to whom life has a different meaning. The film has a social message - let a child be,\" says Shaheb. Sounds like \"Taare Zameen Par\", we say. \"Not at all,\" refutes the actor. \"I'm concentrating on commercial films.\"Shaheb is also in talks with Manoj Michigan for his \" Damadol\", where he plays a corporate guy. \"The rom com also has Samadarshi, Rajdeep. The three female leads are yet to be finalized,\" he informs. But after the success of \"Royal Bengal Rahasya\" Shaheb is eagerly waiting for the next Feluda film. \"It's difficult to find a new Jatayu but Sandip Sir (Sandip Ray) is trying hard to find one. If it doesn't happen, then he said he will make either Gangtok e Gondogol or Golapi Mukta Rahasya, which will be without Jatayu,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11348365", "title": "Two pillion riders succumb to injuries", "text": "MANGALORE: New Year's claimed the lives of two pillion riders on motorcycles, resulting in grievous injuries to the drivers in Mangalore City Police limits. Dinesh, a pillion rider, died when a tipper lorry collided with the motorcycle in which he was riding pillion with Jayanth at Permude village under Bajpe police station limits. Dinesh who sustained grievous injuries died on the spot.Jayanth, resident of Panemangalore, sustained injuries.In the second incident, Sahil Suvarna, who was riding pillion in a motorcycle driven by Bharath Kumar Suvarna died when the motorcycle crashed into the road divider near University College here under Mangalore Traffic East Police station limits.Both Bharath and Sahil sustained grievous injuries and were admitted to a private hospital here for treatment. Sahil succumbed to injuries later in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "11345303", "title": "DMCH incubator sans power for hours", "text": "DARBHANGA: Complete darkness engulfed the Darbhanga Medical College Hospital (DMCH)'s paediatrics department and its equipment, including incubator, did not receive power supply for several hours on Sunday-Monday night. The genset lay quiet as its mechanic was away participating in New Year day celebrations.Though there were unconfirmed reports that four infants died in the hospital's neonatal intensive care unit during the period, DMCH superintendent Dr Suraj Nayak denied it. \"Two children died on Sunday night. But they were admitted to the general ward. Also, they were critically ill,\" he said and identified the deceased as Radha and Dilkhush.Dr Nayak admitted power failure took place and even the incubator did not get power supply. \"I was informed about it around 2am on Monday,\" he said and added his inquiry revealed the mechanic responsible for running the generator had not reported for duty as he had to join New Year day celebrations in his locality on Sunday night.The genset has been provided by Unicef and the head of the paediatrics department has to ensure it is run in case of power failure, Dr Nayak said and added a report has been sought from the head of paediatrics department in this regard.Dr Nayak said he has reported the details of the incident to state health minister Ashwini Kumar Chaubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11344900", "title": "Woman let off on probation", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has released on probation a woman, who was held guilty of abetting the suicide of a newly-wed, on the ground of her gender.While giving the woman an opportunity to reform herself, additional sessions judge Rajeev Bansal, however, sentenced the victim's husband, Dinesh Kumar, to five years in jail for the offence. \"If the in-laws of a bride are in any manner found to be instrumental in her death by the judicial process, which amounts to an offence, such offenders do not deserve any undue mercy in sentencing and demands a befitting punishment,\" the judge said.The court released 26-year-old Sushila, a relative of the deceased, on probation after considering that she was a first-time offender and a mother of three children, eldest being less than six years of age. \" The duty of the court is that instead of sentencing a female convict to custody, an opportunity should be given to her to reform herself and become a responsible member of society,\" the judge said, adding she shall not involve herself in any other criminal activity. The court held the two Chattarpur residents guilty of abetting the suicide of Dinesh's wife in 2009 soon after her marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346698", "title": "It was the warmest January 1 in 7 years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The new year began on a warmish note for Tricity residents as the minimum temperature rose overnight to 8.2 degrees celsius on Sunday. The weatherman, however, predicts colder days to come, the upswing of around two degrees celsius from Saturday made New Year's Day the warmest the last seven years.Speaking to TOI, Chandigarh meteorological department director Surender Paul said, \"The weather changed markedly from Saturday night to Sunday morning as the temperature rose significantly in the early hours of the day. The minimum temperature rose by two degrees celsius and with that we had the warmest New Year's Day in the last seven years.\" He said, \"The change in temperature was due to a steady current of north-westerlies and south-easterlies as well as some rainfall activity in Ambala and surrounding areas. We expect colder days in the coming week as well as light fog during early morning and late evening hours in the adjoining areas of Chandigarh.\"Paul added that there was no likelihood of any rainfall in Chandigarh in the next few days, but stated that experts suggest that some rainfall along with thunderclaps may occur in neighbouring areas like Derabassi and Pinjore in the coming week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11343769", "title": "Man dies of cold in Ooty", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A man has died due to the cold wave in Ooty in the Nilgiris on Monday.S Michael Paul Raj (49), hailing from Shanthur near Ketti in the Nilgiris was found dead in the open air in Thalaikundha near Ooty on Monday. According to the police, Michael, a daily wage labourer, died due to cold wave.\"The victim's body was sent to the Ooty government hospital for postmortem. The report is expected within a day or two,\" said the police in Pudumund police station. After postmortem, the victim's body was handed over to his family.While the minimum temperature recorded in Ooty was 5.3 degrees Celsius, the maximum was 18.6 on Monday morning ending twenty four hours. According to officials, it is always much colder in the Thalaikundha area which is located about 10 km from Ooty town.Except for Friday and Saturday, Ooty experienced severe cold during all other days last week, with the mercury dipping down to 1 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11344949", "title": "Fog appears at odd hrs, afternoon flights hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unexpected fog at the IGI Airport caught several airlines off guard on Monday. While the morning was clear and flight operations took place without any disruptions, visibility started falling shortly after 9am. Both runways saw CAT-II and CAT-III conditions between 10.30am and 1.30pm. While several flights were delayed by one to four hours, nine flights had to be diverted.Airport officials said that during the winter schedule that is in place at present, flights capable of operating in dense fog are usually rostered in the morning or late night hours. However, with Monday's fog appearing at a time when fog is usually clearing up, many aircraft found themselves stuck. \"The Met office found itself inundated with calls from airlines asking when the fog would lift since several of them were not prepared for low visibility operations at that point. All diversions took place between 10.30 am and 12.05 pm,\" said airport sources.Till about 4pm, 360 operations had taken place in low visibility conditions with 200 CAT-I operations, 138 CAT-II operations and 22 CAT-III operations. \"There was dense fog at the airport for an hour at 7.30am but that affected only the new runway where the runway visual range went down to 50m. Between 10.30am and 1.30pm, both runways were witnessing an RVR of 300m to 400m. General visibility was down to 200m at this point,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.Due to this, most afternoon flights and evening operations were affected. Airlines reported that heavy air traffic congestion over Delhi delayed many of their flights. \"The aircraft that had been diverted also had to be brought back to Delhi. This led to some congestion in the late afternoon, early evening slots and flights got delayed by a few hours,\" said an airport official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11346801", "title": "On stage economics", "text": "Beautiful saris, perfectly done make-up , a live orchestra, fancy lighting, a well-rehearsed dance routine... you're sure to catch the attention of the audience. But all this glitter comes at a price.\"It costs 23,000 to 25,000 for a solo performance,\" says Parvathi Ravi Ghantasala, who runs a dance school. But most dancers say they don't mind spending money as it is important to make a mark during the annual music and dance season. \"Though it is expensive, it gives my students an opportunity to showcase their talent,\" says Ghantasala.A big chunk of the 25,000 goes in the costumes. For every season, you need two costumes, each of will cost 7,500 to 8,500 depending on the dress material. As a costume in Kanjeevaram costs 6,000 to 10,000, dancers use comparatively cheaper materials such as Dharmavaram ( 3,800- 4,500) and Apurva silk ( 800- 900). \"It is better to invest in material that stands the wear and tear,\" says Bharatanatyam dancer Urmila Satyanarayanan , who runs Natya Sankalpa, a dance school.Then come the elaborate jewellery and make-up . Most dancers choose fake (arakku) jewellery over gold or silver. \"Fake jewellery does not last long because they corrode easily due to perspiration . They are also fl i m s y, \" s ay s d a n c e r Alarmel Valli, who runs Dipasikha , a fine arts centre. Often, dancers end up replacing the fake jewellery for big performances.But the ensemble is not complete without a live orchestra . A four-part orchestra consisting of a singer, mridangam, violin and flute players would cost 8,000 to 9,000, says Shobhana Ramesh, a dancer. \"While the sabhas take care of the orchestra charges of popular dancers, first-time performers have to pay for it themselves ,\" she says.This is where group performances help dancers. \"Each person pools in around 2,000,\" says Ananya Rajagopal, a student of Ghantasala. \"My teacher takes care of hall and orchestra charges that are around 15,000.\"It is not easy to cut down on costs, says Shravani Joshi, who has been performing during the season for six years. \"Newcomers have to pay 3,000 to 6,000 to some sabhas to get a slot,\" says Joshi. \"I don't mind spending as performing in sabhas is good PR and it boosts my career ,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344644", "title": "Kapde, Pathak tried in vain to rescue Bhatt", "text": "NAGPUR: The New Year began on a sad note for the families of Dhiren Bhatt, Abhishek Kapde and Anshul Pathak, as the trio met a watery grave during a picnic. The students who went along with them got in touch with the fire brigade after the mishap and later again after two hours. Hingna police too called the fire department but not a single tender arrived for five hours.Finally, tired of waiting for professional help, the local people and members of a nearby adventure camp brought equipment to fish out the bodies. Around 40 students, including girls, of Yeshwantrao Chavan College of Engineering at Wanadongri had bunked lectures and gone on their bikes to the lake at around 11am.They posed for photographs and enjoyed in the lake water for an hour. Then, some 12 youths, including the three who died, went for a swim in deeper waters while the others were busy playing near the bank. Bhatt was ahead of all others and his friends suddenly noticed that he had got trapped in the middle and was struggling to come out. When Bhatt screamed for help, Kapde and Pathak rushed forward to rescue him. \"They immediately made a chain by tying knots to their shirts and threw the makeshift rope towards Bhatt, but unfortunately they all began to drown,\" the other students told Hingna police.The other boys too swam towards the stricken boys to try and rescue them, but failed. \"There could have been more deaths since the other youths who were trying to pull the boys out were also getting dragged into the mire. Finally, the girls pleaded with the boys to stop the rescue attempts,\" said a local villager, Nikhil Khangar.Panicked and frightened, the students ran helter-skelter for help. Many were still trying to fish out their friends while others rushed to call the local people. \"But it was too late when we reached the spot. The boys had already drowned,\" said Khangar, who informed Hingna police at 3pm. By the time the cops arrived Khangar and others had sought help from an adventure club that has a camp nearby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346567", "title": "BDP may cut a deep divide between state and citizens", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's stance that the state government and the municipal corporation cannot save the city's hilltops and slopes reserved for biodiversity parks has shocked citizens and activists fighting to save the lungs of the city.\"If they are not able to protect the open spaces in the city, then who will? It is unfortunate that the head of the state gives such statements that will indirectly help illegal constructions andencroachmentsin theopen spaces,\" Vikrant Patil a resident from Anandnagar, said. He alleged that the BDP reservation in his locality already has illegal constructions.Chavan on Thursday, while announcing the development plan (DP) for 23 merged villages, had kept the BDP decision in abeyance. \"I fear that slums will come up in the BDP area. The state government and the municipal corporation are not in a position to stop slum encroachments. We do not have this mechanism. You all have seen what has happened to Parvati in the city. If we want to save hilltops and slopes economic interests of the owners should be created and only then will they protect the land,\" Chavan said.The Supreme Court's judgment in October in the Sun Dew apartment case hashighlightedthe needtoprotectland for public purposes and the role of politicians, the government and the administration in deleting amenity reservations.\"The spaces for public amenities are under a systematic attack and are shrinking all over the cities in India, only for the benefit of the landowners and the builders. Time has therefore come to take a serious stock of the situation ,\"the SupremeCourtbenchcomprising justice H L Gokhale and R V Raveendran, said.The state government is waiting for the central government to pass a law which will hold civic officials responsiblefor encroachment.Asof now, we do not have the mechanism to protectspaces,Chavan said. ThedraftDP for 23 fringe villages approved by the civic body in 2005 recommended that 1,600 hectares of land in these fringe villages (mostly hilltops and slopes) be reserved for BDPs. This includes 978 hectaresof landownedby privateowners. The civic body will have to acquire the land held by individuals by paying compensation. With politicians across party lines demanding four per cent construction in the BDPs and environmentalists opposing them, Chavan avoided taking a decision.State government officials told TOI that the chief minister is inclined to approve four per cent construction in the BDP. He announced the decision only to withdraw it after his deputy AjitPawar opposedit.Now,theCMwill appoint an experts' committee to decide the BDP's future.\"Itis notquestion of law.Itisof will. Does the state government or the civic body want to protect open spaces ? If they are not able to do this, what will they do for the people? The state and the civic body have all the powers to stop encroachments. The only question is abouttheusing thepower,\"NCP city unit chief Vandana Chavan who strongly supports the BDP, said.Activists of the Green Pune Movement (GPM) have sought action against illegal construction on lands identified for biodiversity parks. They have repeatedly urged the civic body to step in to curb illegal constructions. GPM members say that the state government had authorised municipal corporations to initiate action against civic officials who fail to stop illegal constructions. Also, the police official of the area is responsible for illegal constructions.\"It is a sad statement by the chief minister.Wehaveenoughlaws,butbad governance. If the state government saysitcannotprotectopen spaces,what should the common people do? Next, every governmentdepartmentwillsay thatthey have nopower to act.The government and the PMC should not take thisdangerous approach,\" SatishKhot, presidentof National Society for Clean Cities (NSCC ), said.GPM has alleged that illegal constructions have been coming up in Anandnagar, Vishrantinagar and Mahadevnagar, in Hingne Khurd and Wadgaon. Illegal construction activities are going on in largescale, despite the draft development plan for the 23 villages merged in PMC limits, proposing BDPs in these areas. A former municipal commissioner asked GPM members 'to create awareness and launch a public movement to curb illegal constructions in the areas'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344020", "title": "BJP continues with its 'feel good factor'", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing to counter Congress' allegations, the hospital committee on Monday presented a list of 24 developmental works undertaken in the last five years.Chairman of the committee Baba Maind informed the reporters that the performance of BJP-led ruling party was excellent in the current regime as far as works related to hospitals are concerned. Of given 24 works, few of them prove hard efforts of office bearers. Chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi and his team started dialysis centre on PPP model to provide the service at cheaper rates. On the same lines, the sickle cell diagnosis and treatment centre was opened before few days. The proposal to establish blood bank at Indira Gandhi Hospital has been given final shape.\"Project 'Dial 102' and ambulance service has been used by 1,925 citizens till date. The city health line project followed by provision of death certificates at crematoriums itself, health check-up of the students etc are great success. The citizens recognize our efforts and the new concepts,\" said Maind.Meanwhile, Congress came up with a data to prove the tall claims of BJP a farce but ended up with mismatch. The copies distributed to the reporters had no authentic signature as to who issued the press release. Besides, the given data completely missed the target and appeared to have not been seen or approved by leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre.Going through the copy, Joshi alleged that whoever released the press release seems to have lost mental balance. \"I have no idea about the copy and will come up with proper data on Tuesday to expose the tall claims of BJP,\" said Thakre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "serampore", "code": "11345482", "title": "Class-XI girl found dead beside railway tracks", "text": "SERAMPORE: A 17-year-old girl, daughter of a well-known trader of Hooghly's Konnagar, was found dead beside the railway tracks between the Konnagar and Rishra stations on Monday morning.The girl was last seen alive by her parents on Sunday evening at a New Year party on the roof of their house. The body bore no injury marks and her missing bicycle was found from the house of a local youth. This youth - who the police refused to name - was a friend of a boy with whom the girl apparently had an affair. This has prompted the police to suspect that the girl may have been killed after she rejected this particular youth's advances.Sonali Gupta (name changed) was a Class-XI student of local school and lived at Konnagar. Her father Amiya is a well-known trader in wool at Konnagar Station RoadAccording to the police, Sonali and her friends (all of them girls) had organized a party on the roof of her residence on Sunday evening. Around 7.30pm, the girl received a call on her mobile phone. After around 15 minutes, she left the house on her bicycle without telling anybody where she was headed to. She simply told her friends that she would return soon. When Sonali failed to turn up till late in the evening, her father lodged a missing complaint at the Kanaipur police outpost.On Monday morning, Gupta received information that the body of a girl resembling his daughter had been recovered from next to the railway tracks between the Konnagar and Rishra stations. The body was lying close to the spot known as 'Powerhouse'. Her bicycle and mobile phone were missing and there were no injury marks on the body, said Dilip De of the Government Railway Police (GRP) in Seoraphuli, who was among the first to reach the spot.\"We started an investigation and came to know that she had an affair with a Class-XII student from another local schoolthe Nabagram VidyapeethIt is still not clear whether it was this boy who made the call to her on Sunday evening. We have succeeded in locating the girl's bicycle in another youth's house. This youth is a friend of the boy with whom the girl had an affair. We are examining all possibilities and hope to crack the matter soon,\" an officer said.While Raj Narayan Shaw, SDPO, Serampore, said that the matter is being investigated, Amalendu Biswas, OC of the Seoraphuli GRP, said the girl's family has not yet lodged a formal complaint against anybody. The police is proceeding on the basis of an unnatural death case that they have themselves started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11344700", "title": "Widows of silicosis victims meets CM, assured relief", "text": "JAIPUR: A delegation of the Rajasthan Mine Labour Union along with widows of mine workers who died of silicosis met chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday. Most of these widows are still awaiting compensation from the government.These widows have been on dharna in front of the Jodhpur Collectorate since December 25, 2010. Union president Bansi Lal said, \"No compensation has been paid to them despite an order from National Human Rights Commission. They have been forced to run from pillar to post to prove that their husbands died of silicosis and are hence eligible to the interim relief.\"The delegation submitted a memorandum to the chief minister requesting for identity cards to all mine workers so that there is proof of employment and thus eligible for the benefits. They also highlighted malpractice towards the mine workers by the government hospital in Jodhpur.According to Bansi Lal, since August 2010, the hospital which has certified silicosis doctors has stopped diagnosis of the disease. \"They now give TB certificates to those who have earlier been confirmed of silicosis, though it is medically proven that silicosis is an incurable disease,\" he said. Gehlot heard them and asked them to meet principal secretary (mines) Govind Sharma who then assured that within the next 15 days all widows would be given the relief amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11344167", "title": "Chandrapur Bhushan bestowed on Vikas Amte", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Noted social worker Dr Vikas Amte was honoured with coveted Chandrapur Bhushan award at the hands of pioneer of Narmada Bachao movement Medha Patkar on SundayIn a programme organized at Priyadarshani auditorium on Sunday evening, the noted social worker felicitated Dr Amte by giving shawl, citation and memento. Rs 1.30 lakh collected from various donors in Chandrapur was handed over to Anandwan on the occasion.The award is jointly given by Lokagrani Adv Balwant Raghav alias Babasaheb Deshmukh Memorial Society and Snehankit to persons for their exemplary contribution for betterment of society.Patkar lauded the contribution of Anandwan in the uplift of the downtrodden people. She held that the heirs of legendry social worker Baba Amte have aptly carried his good work forward.Taking a dig at central government Patkar further said, \"Government has once again proved its apathy towards curbing corruption by denying Jan Lokpal Bill. The government is paying no heed to the voice of people, while preparing development schemes for them. Another nationwide campaign will be started to motivate the people against corruption.\"Replying to felicitation, Dr Amte said that they are flag-bearer of Baba Amte's dreams. \"Everybody living in Anandwan is member of Amte's family, hence this award is an honour to all those living there,\" he said.Former union minister for state, Shantaram Potdukhe chaired the programme. Chandrakant Deshmukh, Madan Dhankar, and principal Jakir Sheikh shared the dais.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11347988", "title": "19 held with illicit liquor", "text": "KANPUR: With assembly elections round the corner, the district police launched a special drive and arrested 19 persons and recovered 72 litres of illicit liquor and 14 pouches of countrymade liquor from their possession on Monday.Alarmed by the growing influence of liquor in the election process, the Election Commission has already directed district-level election officials and the police to keep a proper tab on the sale and distribution of liquor till the election process is over.The police arrested Anil of Gwaltoli area and Jitendra Rathore from Parmat and recovered 10 litres of illicit liquor from their possession. \"Their arrest was made near Coperganj gate no: 5,\" informed a police official of Collectorganj police station. Similarly, the Railbazar police laid a trap near Katharibagh crossing and arrested Sanjiv Kumar of Raikepur in Sachendi and recovered five litres of country-made liquor from him.The Nawabganj police arrested Boby of Sukhaupurwa, Pappu of Ujaripurwa, Dinesh of Naugawan and Lala of Narain Ghat Jwara and recovered 10 litres of illicit liquor from their possession. The Chamanganj police arrested Dilshad Ali of Deputy Padav area and recovered five litres of illicit liquor from him.In yet another raid conducted near Bhairav Ghat tri-section, the police arrested Suresh of Bangarmau Unnao and seized five litres of countrymade liquor from him. In Bajaria area, the police arrested Bhanu Singh from near Bada Chauraha Seesamau and recovered 14 pouches of countrymade liquor. In Sachendi, one Nitin Kumar was arrested and 10 litres of illicit liquor recovered from him.Meanwhile, the Billhaur police arrested three persons, identified as Parshuram, Ishwar Dayal and Pappu, all residents of Deva village, and recovered 20 litres of countrymade liquor from their possession. The police also recovered 'mahua' and other raw materials used in producing countrymade liquor. Several breweries were also destroyed in the process, said the police.Similarly, Kakwan police arrested Jagdish, Vinod and Ajay from near Jarainapurwa village and recovered 10 litres of illicit liquor from them. Likewise, Maharajpur police arrested Harmohan Singh of Lalapur and recovered 5 litres of countrymade liquor from him. In Shivrajpur area, the police arrested Shafique of Balrajpur and sezied five litres of illicit liquor.Last week, the police had arrested 12 persons and seized 75 litres of illicit liquor from across the district. \"Police have been alerted about the chances of illicit liquor being transported to various parts of the district. We have formed separate squads to secretly operate and check all kinds of illegal activities to lure voters,\" said DIG Rajesh Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346866", "title": "Medical reports on abused 4-yr-old contradictory: Cops", "text": "CHENNAI: In a new twist to the shocking sexual abuse of a four-year-old girl student , allegedly by her teachers at a school in Kallakurichi , the CB-CID has informed the Madras high court that the two lady doctors who gave separate reports confirming child abuse had retracted their statements .On Monday , the CB-CID filed a report stating that a team of doctors had examined the child and arrived at contradictory conclusions . The report said Dr Anitha Anandhi , a government doctor attachedtotheK allakurichi headquarters hospital , 'admitted' that the opinion given by the team of doctors who examined the child was the correct one .The team of doctors , of which Dr Anandhi was part of, averred that the child was not abused . Dr Anandhi also said that her opinion differed from that of the team of doctors , the report said . As for Dr Shyamala Devi'sclaim that she was threatened by a police inspector from Kallakurichi on August 12, 2011, the report states that she has now denied the statement .Taking serious note of the averments in the CBCID's report , the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam has now directed the two lady doctors to file separate affidavits clarifying their stand .Cautioning them with penal action , the judges said , \"Before we proceed further in the matter , we direct doctors Anitha Anandhi and Shyamala Devi to show cause and file an affidavit as to why they should not be penalized for giving false information and false medical report after examining the child.\"According to a CB-CID report on Monday , Dr Anandhi conducted the first medical examination on the child and initially concluded that it was a case of sexual abuse .The child was later examined by Dr Shyamala Devi at a private hospital in Chennai . In her report , besides confirming sexual abuse , she had stated that a policeman had threatened and intimidated her .After taking note of all these claims , the first bench had on December 23 asked the CB-CID to file a report on January 2.The bench has now adjourned the matter to January 13 , when it will be known whether the CB-CID report claiming that the lady doctors had 'admitted' to certain lapses and 'denied' their earlier statements is true or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346679", "title": "Police clueless about cause of teen\u2019s death", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after Vineet Sharma, a student of DAV School in Sector 8 was found dead in his hostel room under mysterious circumstances, the police remained clueless about the cause of his death as the postmortem examination report has not come up with anything conclusive. Meanwhile, the family of the deceased arrived here from Kullu and alleged foul play in his death. Devi Dass Sharma, the father of the deceased lodged a complaint in this regard with the police.Inspector Punam Dilawari, SHO of the police station in Sector 3, said during the postmortem examination doctors did not find any injury marks on Vineet's body, though the family had alleged that he was beaten up. The SHO added that the doctors said that the exact cause of his death would become clear after the arrival of the viscera report.However, Renu Sharma, sister of the deceased teenager, claimed doctors had mentioned in the postmortem report that traces of poison were found in his body. Renu is studying law in Dehradun. The postmortem was conducted by a panel of three doctors and it was also videographed.The teenager was found dead in his hostel room on Saturday afternoon and his family members arrived in the city late on Saturday night.Devi Dass, an official with the revenue department in Kullu said, \"My son was under pressure and it seems he was under depression due to some thing that was worrying him.\" The family has also raised objection to the removal of the body from the hostel room without informing the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11349702", "title": "BJP bid for inroads in Bhuria's home turf", "text": "INDORE: State BJP chief Prabhat Jha spent the last day of 2011 amid party tribal leaders of Jhabua and Alirajpur districts, the two tribal-dominated districts of the state. The move is being seen as the party bid to make inroads into the Congress stronghold. Jhabua is the home town of Kantilal Bhria, Congress state chief.For the past six months, the BJP is trying to gain ground in the area. State party chief Prabhat Jha is himself monitoring the party activities in the region. The party has stepped up activities in the area in an obvious attempt to spread its area of influence. Jha kicked off the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) membership drive in Jhabua to woo the tribals in the area, sources said.Jha arrived at Ranapur on Saturday night and after a brief meeting with local party leaders, he left for Dotar Phalia, where he stayed in the house of a local tribal leader, Bhanu Bhuria, whose wife Nirmala is also the president of janpad panchayat of Ranaput.After his meetings with party workers at different villages, Jha said the organisation drew up a six-month long plan to strengthen the party's base in the tribal region. \"Wait and see the results, even state Congress chief Kantilal Bhuria will find it difficult to win the next elections on his home turf,\" he claimed, adding that BJP would wrest all five seats in the region in 2013 assembly polls.During the BJP wave in 2003, all five constituencies falling under both the districts were won by it. In parliamentary election in 2004, the BJP could not maintain its position in the area and the Congress came back to power.It was when Bhuria won the parliamentary poll for third time in a row. In 2008 assembly elections, the BJP had lost ground in both districts as it could win only one seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346492", "title": "UK cops meet Bidve family", "text": "PUNE: Two officials from Greater Manchester Police-chief superintendent Russ Jackson and detective constable Peter Rickards --met Anuj Bidve's family in Pune and apologised for not communicating to them about their son's death 'at the right time and through the right channel'.Anuj was shot dead on Boxing Day (December 26) in Manchester, but the family came to know about it through posts on his Facebook account instead of an official call from the police.Jackson and Rickards met the family at 6 pm on Monday at their home in Chandannagar, off Pune-Ahmednagar road. They were accompanied by Shireen Mistry, director, communication and public affairs department at the British deputy high commission for Western India.The officials were with the family for two hours. They did not speak with reporters when they left.Anju's cousin Suruchi Wagh said there will be a second post-mortem on Tuesday. \"If the report matches with the first postmortem report, the body will be handed over to the Indian high commission in the UK. The family will decide their UK visit after the second report. We have appealed to the high commission and the UK officials to expedite the procedure. The family reposes its faith in the Manchester police and in the Indian government,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11346871", "title": "Presidency erupts over bus route rivalry", "text": "Campus violence raised its ugly head in the city on Monday when a group of students armed with sickles, sticks, stones and tubelights barged into the Presidency College on Kamaraj Salai and beat up two fellow students. A rivalry among students travelling on different bus routes to and from the college is suspected to be behind the incident. After the incident, the college was closed until Wednesday. The injured - first year BA (political science) student Prasad (19) and first year BSc (zoology) student Dhanasekar (19) - were admitted to the Stanley Medical College Hospital and the government general college hospital.Around 1.15pm, a student witness later said, \"a group of students wielding deadly weapons barged in and began searching for some students. They chased and attacked two. Students coming out after classes scattered.\" The assailants had just got off MTC bus 6D (Toll Gate to Tiruvanmiyur ) and came in, allegedly with the intention of attacking a rival group that travels on route 27 H, another student said.\"Immediately, a police team posted outside the college following an attack on a student on December 23 entered the campus and took things under control,\" Triplicane deputy commissioner of police S Baskaran said.Soon, Mylapore DCP K Puhalenthi, Egmore ACP S Venkatachalapathy and others rushed there and met principal Dr P S Raguraman. \"The college will reopen on Thursday. We have ordered a departmental inquiry and will take action against those responsible,\" Raguraman said.After Prasad and Dhanasekar gave a statement that they had seen some of their assailants on MTC route 6D plying between Toll Gate and Tiruvanmiyur, special teams led by Triplicane ACP S Senthilkumaran launched a hunt for the culprits. Dhanasekhar , injured in the hands and legs, is said to be in a serious condition. Prasad was injured in the forehead.A senior police officer said students of the '6D' route formed the predominant group in the college. Those travelling on the 27H route, considered not as popular, with the help of students from the 29A, 12G and other routes emerged victorious in the recent college union elections, he said. This led to the rivalry, he said.After the college union elections, Nagaraj , a second year BSc (statistics) student, was attacked by a group of students on December 23. Police suspect Monday's incident to be a follow-up of the previous one.A few weeks ago, a group of Nandanam Government Arts College students chased and attacked a fellow student on the busy Anna Salai.Campus MayhemAn eyewitness said a group of students had barged into the campus wielding sickles, tubelights and wooden sticks and were searching for some students. They chased and attacked two of them. On December 23, a second-year statistics student of the college was attacked by a group of studentsA few weeks ago, a group of students from Nandanam Government Arts College chased and hacked a student on Anna Salai Police were already present on the campus when violence broke out. They rushed in and contained the violence College principal has declared leave until Wednesday. Classes will resume on Thursday College authorities have ordered a departmental inquiry against the students Students form groups based on their bus routes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11349461", "title": "Telcos hid information on 3G roaming pacts: DoT", "text": "NEW DELHI: The DoT lashed out at leading telcos, Bharti Airtel, Vodafone , Idea Cellular , Aircel and Tata Teleservices, accusing these companies of 'suppressing material documents' , and also alleging they had 'not come with clean hands' on the 3G roaming issue, further intensifying the bitter war of words between the industry and the government.The department's response comes after the mobile operators challenged the government's recent move to declare 3G roaming pacts between mobile operators illegal. On December 23, last year, the DoT issued notices to the telcos ordering them to stop these services offered on these pacts within 24 hours. Mobile phone companies then obtained a stay on the DoT order from the Telecom Dispute Settlement &amp; Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) even as they slammed the government of reneging on promises with \"retrograde\", \"irrational\" and \"illegal\" decisions.The developments come a day before the tribunal takes up the petition filed by operators challenging the government directive to stop 3G roaming services with immediate effect. The tribunal had earlier barred the telecoms ministry from taking any \"coercive\" action against telcos offering them temporary respite till January 3, when the case will be heard again.The telecom department in its affidavit filed before telecom tribunal TDSAT and asked it to dismiss the operators' petition challenging the government's order of immediately stopping 3G services in areas where companies do not hold the requisite airwaves to offer highend data services. \"... in spite of the directions by this Tribunal vide order dated December 24, 2011, the petitioners (operators ) have not submitted the intra-circle roaming agreements entered into with various telecom service providers.The present petition is liable to be dismissed on this ground alone,\" the department's affidavit said. DoT has also told the tribunal that the 3G roaming pacts were in violation of various terms and conditions of the licence and notice inviting applications for auctions in 2010.Earlier last year, operators, such as Bharti, Idea, Vodafone, Tata Teleservices and Aircel, entered into 3G roaming deals, enabling them to sign up 3G customers across the country even in areas where they did not have third-generation spectrum.These pacts allowed them to use each others' airwaves and offer 3G services such as video calling and high-speed internet on phones seamlessly across the country. Bharti, Idea and Vodafone entered into one agreement while Tata and Aircel forged another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11344398", "title": "National seminar on impact of FDI in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: Bhartiya Mahvidyalaya along with Amravati Mahanagar Merchants and Industries has organized a national seminar on 'Impact of foreign direct investment in retail sector' at Dnaneshwar Sanskritik Bhawan on January 6.Dr Ved Prakash Mishra, the vice-chancellor of Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences, Nagpur, will inaugurate the seminar. While, MLA of Jalgaon Suresh Jain and Dr Vinayak Govilkar of Nashik will address the programme.\"The FDI issue had created an uproar in parliament recently and has now become one of the most talked about issues. Like a coin has two sides, this issue too has various aspects and experts will dwell on its pros and cons during the programme. Hopefully, some positive thoughts will come out from the discussion, which can be suggested to the government,\" said Dr Sangam Raghuvanshi, organizing secretary.He further said that more than 700 participants will attend the seminar. We have received over 100 research papers on the given subject. Dr Shyam Kale and entrepreneur Sanjay Jadhav will address the technical session of the seminar, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11344748", "title": "Ejipura slum dwellers to get homes next to mall", "text": "BANGALORE: A mall will come up in the place of Ejipura slum in Koramangala, and thanks to the BBMP, the 1,512 families living here will get new houses within a year and a half. With this, the proposal to construct a group housing complex for the weaker section of society and a mall by a private builder, has finally seen the light of day.On Monday, a memorandum of understanding was signed between BBMP and Maverick Holdings &amp; Investments Private Limited on the development of a housing complex for economically weaker sections at Koramangala.\"As per the agreement, the land will be developed on private partnership. Maverick will construct 1,512 houses at the cost of Rs 300 crore, and a commercial complex or mall will also be constructed. There is no financial outgo for BBMP in this project. There are 1,512 houses at Ejipura slum now, and they are in a dilapidated condition. All the slum-dwellers will be rehabilitated in the group housing complex. As per the agreement, the builder must also provide temporary rehabilitation for the slum dwellers while construction is going on,\" said BBMP engineer in chief B T Ramesh.On the 15 acres of land in front of National Games Village on Koramagala 100 Feet Road, the builder will come up with a commercial complex which will fetch BBMP Rs 1.7 crore for every three months as rent. The land has been given to the builder for a 30-year period and as per the agreement, the maintenance of the premises is on the builder.In 2003 and 2007, some of the Ejipura housing blocks had collapsed due to poor construction and led to the death of many slum dwellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "umbai", "code": "11344170", "title": "Bids invited for Wadala biz centre consultant", "text": "UMBAI: The MMRDA has invited bids for a consultant to give shape to the city's third business centre at Wadala. Currently, the plan for a business centre spread over 109.24 hectares exists only as an outline plan.MMRDA officials said that the planning for the business centre will also include putting in infrastructure for schools, a recreational and entertainment area.MMRDA chief for town and country planning division, D Sampathkumar, said they will appoint a consultant first and hope to have a plan ready and approved by the end of the year.\"Detailed discussions will be held for a masterplan. The final plan will be undertaken by another consultant and it would be ready by December,''said MMRDA officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11349742", "title": "Get degree certificate soon", "text": "INDORE: Here comes good news for those waiting to get university degree. The process is going to get simpler in next two months. Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) authorities are gearing up to deliver degrees to students within stipulated time on lines of a pattern being followed by most universities in south India.The timely distribution of degree is one of the conditions for NAAC to accord 'A' class gradation to the university, sources said.Once implemented, students will be given degree delivery date so that students can visit university to collect degree without wasting time. If a student fails to receive degree from the university, it will be mailed on the address provided by the candidate in application form.The university, which is facing administrative and staff problems, has also decided to speed up result declaration. Officiating vice chancellor has taken steps in this direction. \"My priorities are to deliver degree on time and thrash out result-related problems. For a standard university, both factors are important. I have already instructed all teaching departments to take degree applications online from their students,\" said Dr Rajkamal, officiating vice chancellor, DAVV.The university is also busy making time-table to avoid delay in results. Outsourcing of computer centre work is also on the anvil to deal with staff shortage. \"Time limit will be fixed for examiners, computer centre personnel so that results are declared on time,\" said Dr Rajkamal. The university has announced to celebrate 2012 as the year of academic quality enhancement. Towards this, the university will hold regular and timely classes in all affiliated colleges.Developing e-journals in each affiliated with purpose of providing material for academic research and study are among the measures on the priority list of the university this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11343777", "title": "\u2018Indu Mills had devpt potential of Rs 3,600cr\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Textiles Corporation said its 12.5-acre Indu Mills property at Prabhadevi, which Prime Minister Manmohan Singh agreed to hand over to the state free of cost, had a development potential of around Rs 3,600 crore.Last week, the PM assured a state delegation, led by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, that the sea-facing property would be allotted for a memorial for B R Ambedkar .NTC officials are tight-lipped because of the sensitivities involved; all that they divulged was that their valuation of this prime property came to around Rs 300 crore per acre. However, a senior state official debunked the NTC figure, saying the property could not be worth that much, given the existing ready reckoner rate for land in that area. The bureaucrat said the plot was reserved only for industrial use and so, there was no question for commercial exploitation. \"The FSI for industrial use is 1,\" he said, adding the proposed memorial would have a substantial part of the land reserved for a park, to be open to the public.The official said there were several ways NTC could be compensated, including giving it an equivalent area outside the city. Another option could be to offer the transfer of development rights or TDR to NTC. This TDR could be exploited in the suburbs. But civic officials said TDR could only be sanctioned if a civic amenity was created on the surrendered plot.According to sources, the Indu Mills was one of the finest parcels of land in the island city; rates in a nearby high-end residential tower are being currently quoted at Rs 70,000 a sq ft.The NTC had plans to build a luxury hotel and commercial complex there to garner revenue to revive its sick units elsewhere. The original understanding between the state and NTC was that the latter would surrender four acres for the Ambedkar memorial. As compensation, NTC was to receive extra construction rights on the eight acres.The plan had to be change after supporters of Republican Sena forcibly occupied the mill premises on December 6. When the NTC approached the HC following the state's failure to act against the \"encroachers\", the court rapped the government for its inaction. On December 22, the state informed the court that it had persuaded the squatters inside Indu Mills to vacate within a week and if they did not, they would be evicted. Last week, after meeting the PM, Chavan said a panel comprising Union ministries of environment and forests, urban development and textiles officials and state government representatives would be formed to resolve the issue related to land transfer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346704", "title": "Four men steal woman's gold chain", "text": "CHENNAI: Four men stole a 13 sovereign gold chain from a woman, at knife point. Kunjuman, a resident of Mahatama Gandhi road in Ambattur, was on his way for midnight mass in a nearby church with his wife Mary Vinonica (52) and son Novan Antony. The family was threatened at their doorstep by unidentified men and forced Mary to remove her 13 sovereign chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11345653", "title": "Nursery: Parents head for Delhi", "text": "NOIDA: Parents who could not get their wards admitted in nursery schools in the city are now looking at those in east Delhi with the admission process starting on Monday. Schools in Mayur Vihar and south-east Delhi are being targeted while some parents have even shifted base to Delhi to increase the chances of their wards getting through a good institution. Nursery admissions started in Noida in September.Parents also say that as there was no clear directive regulating the admission process in Noida schools, they were waiting for the admission process to start in Delhi. Nursery admission process for private unaided schools in Delhi started in January 2 with the sale and submission of forms and the last date for receipt of applications is January 16.\"Every school in Noida employs a different method for admissions. While some stick to the point system, others have interviews or employ a lottery system. In Delhi, there are clear guidelines that make the admissions process much fairer,\" said Satyendra Kumar, an advertising professional.The growing competition for a limited number of seats available in Noida has resulted in some parents taking drastic steps to better their child's chances of getting a good education. Vivek Das, a software engineer working in Noida, moved with his family to East of Kailash so that more options would open for his child and he would be able to apply to more schools. \"All the best schools in the city for junior classes are still in Delhi. It might be inconvenient for me to drive to Noida and back everyday, but that is not more important than my child's education,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11344728", "title": "New Year gift for Karnataka babus", "text": "BANGALORE: Next time a bureaucrat accepts expensive gifts, he needn't worry. Now, he can do so with the government's blessings. The age-old rule, which restricted Group A, B &amp; C officers against accepting gifts worth more than Rs 5,000, has been relaxed.Taking the depreciation of money value, pay revision of government servants and market rates, the Karnataka Civil Services (Conduct) Rules 1966 have been amended. With this, officers now can accept gifts whose worth is equal to their monthly basic salary. The basic salary varies according to the ranks and promotions.The conduct rules allow the officer to accept gifts during weddings, anniversaries, funerals or religious functions in conformity with the prevailing religious or social practice. While the Group A &amp; B officers were permitted to accept gifts worth less than Rs 5,000, Group C were allowed gifts worth Rs 2,500.The Group D employees come under the lower category and were barred from receiving gifts worth above Rs 1,250. \"Section 14 of the conduct rule says that if any officer or servant accepts gifts worth more than the prescribed limits, he will have to report to the government,\" a senior official in the department of personnel and administrative reforms (DPAR) told TOI. Though such a rule is in place, most of the officers don't report excess gifts and till date no one has been penalized for violation.The New Year has more cheer in store. Another section - where an officer can accept gifts worth Rs 2,500 from a friend having no official dealings with him - has also been relaxed. Group A, B &amp; C officers are permitted to receive gifts worth half of their basic monthly salary. In this category, the earlier rules permitted Group B officers to receive gifts worth only Rs 1,000 and Group D Rs 500.The cap on accepting gifts was not limited to officers. Even their family members were barred from accepting gifts worth more than Rs 750. Family members of Group C &amp; D were allowed to receive only Rs 250. This clause has also been relaxed allowing the family members to receive gifts worth one fourth of monthly basic salary.Other amendmentsGroup A &amp; B officers had to inform government every transaction of a movable property not exceeding Rs 10,000. Now, it has been relaxed and they are allowed to transact movable property worth their monthly basic salary. Similarly, there was a provision to receive cash of Rs 10,000 but the officer had to inform the government. After amendment, officers can accept cash equal to their monthly basic salary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346222", "title": "Three miscreants rob oil trader", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three unidentified motorcycle-borne miscreants robbed an oil trader at Khursheed Bagh in Naka Hindola police station area on Monday night. The victim was identified as Neeraj Agrawal, who has a godown of edible oil in Khursheed Bagh area.According to reports, Neeraj after taking the closing cash of the day worth Rs four lakh kept it in a bag and subsequently put it on the rear seat of his car. Thereafter, Neeraj accompanied by his accountant Rakesh in the car travelled a few hundred metres only to stop at his friend's house. Neeraj asked his accountant to stay in the car and that he would return in few minutes.In the meantime, three motorcycle-borne miscreants came near his car, whipped out a weapon and covered Rakesh. One of the miscreants then broke the window glasses of the car and took out the bag and fled the spot.Neeraj did tell the police that the cash was worth Rs 5 lakh, however, later he couldn't confirm the exact amount. SHO Naka Vimal Kumar said, \"Sometimes he (Neeraj) said that the amount was Rs 5 lakh and sometimes he did say that it was around Rs 4 lakh.\"The police said that the matter is being investigated and expressed hope that the culprits would be nabbed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11343932", "title": "Airport runway awaits surfacing despite DGCA directions", "text": "NAGPUR: While issuing provisional licence to Mihan India Ltd (MIL), operator company of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) had warned it to immediately recarpet its 3,200-meter runway. DGCA had also asked MIL to ensure that all issues related to airport safety are taken care of by July 30, 2012. However, authorities have turned a blind eye towards the pathetic condition of the runway and the DGCA directions.Sources at the airport said the 3,200-meter runway at Nagpur airport was last resurfaced eight years back, in 2004. Before that, the then operator Airports Authority of India (AAI) had resurfaced it in 1995.The damaged runway has not forced any unscheduled closure of the airport yet, but pilots have frequently complained about the runway condition. Pilots have not complained officially but lodged verbal complaints about the pathetic condition of the runway and possibility of a mishap, sources said.MIL officials agree in private that due to increase in air traffic from the city airport, the existing runway requires immediate resurfacing. But officially, they cannot admit that the runway has been damaged totally.A senior MIL official said on condition of anonymity, \"Almost Rs 25 crore is needed to recarpet the runway. The city airport is already suffering heavy losses, so getting funds has become a difficult task for the company. Estimates for the work are ready, lack of funds is preventing publication of tender.\"TOI has been highlighting MIL's negligence in the bad condition of the runway. A 3-400 metre patch of the runway, where aircraft land or brake hard, has been completely damaged and poses a potential threat to aircraft. At least 30 aircraft including Boeing 737, Airbus , ATR, Cessna and Air Force's IL-76 cargo planes (Gajraj) land on this runway each day.MIL COO Abadesh Prasad said MIL has removed most of the discrepancies regarding infrastructure and functioning of Nagpur airport pointed out by the DGCA inspection panel. Though it is not a permanent licence, DGCA has issued it for one year and that too with several riders, like completion of recarpeting work of main runway and levelling both sides of runway up to 150 metres to avoid skidding of aircraft, he added.On the directions of DGCA, MIL has recently completed second phase of resurfacing of old apron of 64,000 sq metre and soon will take up work of two existing taxiways 'Alpha' and 'Bravo' spread over approximately 18,500 sq metres. During resurfacing work of apron, aircrafts are parked at newly developed bays.The airport now has capacity to park 18 widebody aircraft. Of these, seven parking bays are normally reserved for scheduled flights and were resurfaced first. The remaining 11 bays will be made available for aircraft parking, emergencies and chartered aircrafts during construction work, Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11345633", "title": "Shopowner held for abducting 3 teens", "text": "GURGAON: Six persons including a garment shopowner and his sons were arrested for allegedly kidnapping three teenagers and beating them up inside the showroom.The three have been rescued. The owner, meanwhile, alleged that the three had stolen garments from his shop. About eight persons rushed inside a house in Luxmi Garden colony at 10:30am on Monday and beat up one of the three teenagers, Monty, his sister and father, and later kidnapped Monty and his two friends, Munesh and Ranjit.The three were taken inside the garment showroom near a police post on Khandsa road and beaten up brutally. In the meantime, Monty's younger brother, Vishal, informed his sister Aarzoo, who works with a private firm, who in turn informed the Khandsa police post.A police team soon reached the spot and rescued the teenagers and took the shopowner, identified as Vijay Kumar, and his sons Devender and Vedpal, apart from three showroom salesmen, Santosh, Saroj and Kailash, into custody.\"We have arrested all the six accused and registered a case under Sections 367, 147, 149, 323, 342, 506 of the IPC. The six will be produced in a city court on Tuesday,\" said Abhay Singh Rao, DCP (west).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11346782", "title": "Soon, a cream to regenerate skin", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to be developing a new anti-aging cream which can \"trick\" human skin cells into regenerating themselves . A research team at global cosmetic giant L'Oreal says the new product, which can smooth out wrinkles and repair damaged skin, is likely to hit the markets this year.In fact, the team has already developed artificial chemicals to mimic the behaviour of natural chemicals which penetrate the surface and stimulate the regeneration of skin cells.These natural chemicals become less active with age, so it is hoped the cream would cause a manufactured stimulus to the skin to hopefully improve its condition and appearance as if the body was much younger.The researchers are reported to have found improvements in skin's elasticity, thickness and smoothness, the 'Daily Mail' said.Bruno Bernard, research director at L'Oreal , said: \"There is still much more to cell signalling and the aging process, but all the cosmetics we had before were acting on the surface.\"Now we are able to create a rejuvenating effect on deeper levels of the skin.\"Similar technology in glycobiology - the science of using naturally occurring sugars to improve health - has led to the medical advances such as a vaccine against fatal infant flu.It can also be a key element in fight against cancer. Peter Seeberger, a director at the Max Planck Institute in Berlin , has been working with L'Oreal on the project, said: \"The research has shown clear beneficial biochemical changes (to skin quality), both in the laboratory and in human studies.\" He added: \"I'm interested in health, not face paint, but I was very surprised to find out how much real scientific experimentation was going on in a cosmetics company.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348596", "title": "Yes, she's the one!", "text": "We told a few weeks back that Manoj Tiwary would get married next year. Who's the girl, we'd asked. But he'd smiled and kept silent.We finally caught the lovebirds at a New Year's Eve bash. He looking smart in jeans, tee and a blue blazer; she - the name's Sushmita Roy - looking worth a million bucks in a hot party number. They smiled, posed and let the world know of their love. Excerpts from an exclusive chat with Manoj...How did you guys meet? We met through a common friend around six years back. Our first date was at a small cafe in Howrah. We munched on grilled sandwiches and sipped chocolate milkshakes. Even then, what I liked about her is that she's very cute and good-natured as a person. For me, it was love at first sight and I proposed to her. She said yes, and well... (smiles).So, how often do you guys talk? We talk on the phone every day. At times though, practice schedules are so demanding that we don't get time to talk. Then, we stay in touch over text messages.You are a star cricketer and get a lot of female adulation. Does Sushmita feel insecure? Sometimes she gets a bit upset, as that's bound to happen. But the best part is, she understands me. We have been together for six years and we know each other. She knows whenever I am meeting a friend and there are no misunderstandings between us.Do you fight? How bad are the fights? Oh, we end up fighting at least once every week. But yes, good sense prevails in the end and both of us put in an effort to make up.You have been dating for six years. What about marriage plans? Well the initial courtship is over and we are now set to tie the knot this year. Our families have agreed to the match and are discussing dates. The marriage will see the best of both the worlds. There will be a Bengali wedding and also a traditional UP Brahmin marriage.Are you a possessive boyfriend? At times I am, but I am not 100 per cent possessive.Do you guys exchange gifts? I generally don't like expensive gifts, but I loved it when she sent me chocolates and flowers for my birthday. It was very special and meant a lot. When I am travelling, I also pick up knickknacks for her.What's the best way to spend time together? I love going out on long drives with her. It is something that we did a lot during the initial days of our courtship.Don't your teammates pull your leg? They do at times. It is mostly (Ashok) Dinda who does it. And in the Bengal team it's Pragyan Ojha. I am very close to him and he is after me most of the time!Sushmita on Manoj What do you like in Manoj ? Manoj is very simple and down to earth. He is also very caring and lovable. Despite whatever he has achieved, he never forgets his roots.You guys seem to be very serious... Manoj is very serious about his first love which, of course, is cricket. That's his priority in life and after that it's his family.How does he make you feel? He makes me feel very special. I believe that I am not very beautiful, but he makes me feel like I am the most beautiful girl in the world. I am proud to have him in my life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346455", "title": "HC orders Guntur DSP's suspension", "text": "HYDERABAD: Finding fault with the way the DSP and his immediate subordinates behaved with the accused, Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu of the HC on Monday directed the DGP of the state to suspend YTR Prasad, the DSP of Tenali division in Guntur, immediately. It was dealing with a petition filed by one Alaparthi Chinna, who wanted the court to cancel the bail given to K L Satyanarayana, an accused charged with atrocities against SCs in Tenali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11349182", "title": "Mobile software under DoT scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: The telecoms department has extended its security checks to include software used by mobile phone companies. It has issued a directive to all telcos to compulsorily inform the department of all software updates they undertake within 15 days and also keep records for a 10-year period.ET reviewed a copy of this directive. The move comes as the home ministry had pointed out that software updates were not part of the new rules for importing telcoms equipment that were unveiled last year. The home ministry had sought that DoT mandate operators to keep updates of softwares for 12 months online and for a further two years in a non-online mode.The home ministry had said that the documentation would enable it to identify the person who had issued commands for the software updates, including the changes that had been made. Meanwhile, in a related development, the department has also assured the national security advisor (NSA) that it had taken a series of steps, including unveiling new rules and building a test lab to address security concerns on imported equipment.Last month, the DoT had provided a similar assurance to the Prime Minister's Office ( PMO) too regarding safety of imported telecoms gear. In its communication to the NSA , the telecoms department reiterated that the new security policy mandated that telcos induct only those network elements which had been tested in international labs for bugs and Trojan Horses.This procedure will be in place till mid-2013 , after which the testing will be done in Indian labs. The DoT has highlighted that a pilot lab was already in place in Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, to develop the test standards, procedures and test tools to evaluate all telecom equipment.It further added that the upcoming Centre for Communication Security Research and Monitoring would help address the government's concerns as this would be able to intercept all mobile phone and internet traffic.The Union cabinet, while raising the foreign shareholding limit in telecom to 74% in March 2007, had asked the telecom ministry to set up the centre as an umbrella platform for interception and monitoring all types of communications.DoT then proposed that the CCSRM consist of a centralised monitoring system and planning for the same had begun in 2007 and was put on fast track after the Mumbai attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346806", "title": "Two killed in road accidents on New Year", "text": "CHENNAI: Two persons , including a special sub-inspector (SSI ), were killed in two separate road accidents in Madhavaram on thefirstdayof 2012.Police said R Pandu (51), a SSI from Kumarasamy Street , Perumbur , and posted at the Secretariat police station was on his way to Perumbur from Madhavaram when the incident happened . Pandu was riding two-wheeler with his friend Hajimullah (38) on Sunday nightwhen helostcontrolofhis vehicle and rammed into a stationary container truck atM anjambakkam Road . Pandu died on the spot , while Hajimullah escapedunhurt , policesaid .In another accident at Red Hills, Ragu (23 ) of Veerapandian Nagar , Attanthangal , died on Sunday afternoon when his bike hit a share auto at GNT Road . He was riding the bike with his friends Satish Kumar (20) and Irfan (28 ) allegedly drunk , police said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11346086", "title": "Strengthen party's minority base, Kodiyeri tells CPM cadre", "text": "THRISSUR: CPM politburo member and deputy opposition leader Kodiyeri Balakrishnan has urged party cadre to strengthen the organization's base among the public, especially the minority groups. He was speaking after inaugurating the party's district conference in Thrissur on Monday.\"In recent years, we have been successful in penetrating the Muslim-Christian belts, but have a long way to go in persuading them to back us fully. We should identify and take up their problems. In the last polls, though leaders of various religious organizations campaigned against the LDF, people belonging to those religions supported party candidates wholeheartedly,\" he said.Kodiyeri also alleged that the UDF government, had, in just eight months, destroyed all the good work done by the LDF government. \"Why doesn't the UDF government show the same vigour and interest in the Mullaperiyar issue as it showed while opposing the vigilance statement against Oommen Chandy in the palmolein case?,\" he asked.Senior party leaders A Vijayaraghavan, AK Balan MLA, Paloli Muhammedkutty, PK Sreemathy, EP Jayarajan, T Sivadasa Menon and VV Dakshinamurthy were also present at the inaugural function.The delegates' meet, attended by 376 party members, started after the inaugural ceremony. The conference will conclude on January 4 with a rally in which over one lakh party workers are expected to participate. Seminars and exhibitions have also been organized as part of the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11344943", "title": "DRDO builds defence against dirty bombs", "text": "NEW DELHI: An overt nuclear war may be a remote possibility but the threat of non-state actors unleashing \"dirty\" nuclear bombs, biological or chemical agents to wreak havoc remains a clear and present danger.Keeping in mind the seriousness of the threat, Indian armed forces have inducted NBC defence equipment worth Rs 1,200 crore and another Rs 1,200 crore is in the pipeline. These range from nerve agent detectors, dosimeters, portable gas chromatographs, autoject injectors and first-aid kits to NBC integrated field shelters, respiratory masks and suits , roentgenometers, NBC reconnaissance vehicles and decontamination systems.Armed with a fresh \"detailed'' NBC threat analysis, DRDO estimates military as well as civilian forces in India will need to induct NBC defence equipment worth around Rs 10,000 crore over the next five years to guard against such asymmetric warfare.\"Today, 85% of NBC defence inventory held by armed forces has been developed by DRDO, and produced by defence PSUs and around 60 private companies,\" said DRDO chief controller Dr W Selvamurthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346705", "title": "PU education a click away", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University intends to provide a virtual environment to students where they can always raise their doubts and have their queries answered. For this, the university would be starting the concept of virtual classrooms in 2012. As a part of this, teachers would be available to students online.As per the project, live classroom lectures would be recorded and later made available on university website in both video and audio formats. PU's computer centre will up set up a special multi-media lab for this.\"No institute, except IIT-Ropar, is doing this in the region. We have got a grant of Rs 50 lakh for this project. The lab studio will be set up in a week's time. All the recordings of lectures will be uploaded on PU's website,\" director of PU's computer centre K Tankeshwar told TOI.\"Our campus students can directly access them and even download them, whereas other students will need to first register online. We had sent circulars to all PU teachers, inviting their reactions. Response is encouraging and so far, over 50 teachers have registered their consent,\" stated Tankeshwar.The National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technology is supporting this project of PU.Besides, PU's computer centre will also facilitate online chatting and interaction between teachers and students, through video conferencing.\"We will set up chat rooms so that students and teachers can discuss various topics. This will enable a student sitting in any part of the country to interact with PU faculty. It would also motivate the teachers to update their knowledge base as they would be supposed to deliver lectures on latest topics to an unknown audience,\" pointed out Tankeshwar.Participating teachers will be paid a fixed remuneration depending up on the number of lectures.Students are quite enthusiastic about this initiative. \"It would be a boon for slow learners. Students can access the lectures any number of times and grasp things at their own pace,\" said Geetika Mathur, a law student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346667", "title": "With EC watching, Golden Temple back on govt calendar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The picture of Golden Temple this year's state government calendar, replaced those of Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and his \"achievements\" apparently because of fear of code of conduct being in force. The Golden Temple will thus re-appear on the calendar of the state government almost after a decade as chief ministers of both the Shiromani Akali Dal-BJP coalitions and Congress had otherwise been using them to showcase their developmental achievements all these years.The SAD-BJP coalition this year exercised caution as it was on their complaint that the then Congress government was forced to take out the picture of the then chief minister, Amarinder Singh , just ahead of elections in 2007. The Akalis were aware that the Congress would hit back as soon as pictures or developmental activities of the government were carried on the calendar so they were careful not to give the Congress an opportunity to beat them with the same handle.The government publishes around one lakh calendars every year with only 10,000 for sale and rest are distributed to government offices. The Golden Temple appeared during the 1997-2002 regime of the Akali Dal, which came back to power after a two-decade-long bloody turmoil in Punjab.Sources said last year the government had carried pictures of the chief minister Parkash Singh, his son and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, and the then seniormost leader of the coalition partner BJP, Manoranjan Kalia. The government showcased Bathinda refinery as its major success last year. Apparently, realizing that the election code will bar them from projecting their development projects, they last year carried pictures of the Kandi Canal, Kabaddi World Cup, Mohali international airport and children in school uniforms.The 2010 calendar carried a picture of the Virasat-e-Khalsa complex at Anandpur Sahib. Photos of the chief minister and governor were carried all these years. The government this year also did not publish its diary highlighting achievements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348778", "title": "Virgose rocked at The HHI, Kolkata", "text": "Virgose, at The HHI, rocked on December 31, thanks to DJ Chris who kept the foot-tapping numbers coming one after another. But not everybody chose to sweat it out on the dance floor.A few got cosy on the plush seats, while most grooved to popular Bolly tracks, right from \"Subah hone na de\" to \"Ainvayi ainvayi\". The guests also had their fill of mouth-watering kebabs and the choicest of beverages. At midnight those present wished everyone a Happy New Year with hugs and warm embraces.One doesn't always need to shake a leg and jig to popular tunes to ring in the New Year. On December 31, there were a group of revellers who preferred to welcome 2012 on the banks of the Ganges, chilling out over a lavish buffet spread and the choicest of wines at Floatel. To set the mood, a dance troupe performed on stage while Sourav, of \"K For Kishore\" fame, rendered popular tracks from Bollywood and got the crowd on its feet. If the Christmas celebration on the floating hotel was anything to go by, NYE was even bigger. With the whole place lit up with rice lights and party people exchanging embraces under the stars, there couldn't have been a better way of ringing in the new year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338957", "title": "I'll meet Sunny after my Darjeeling trip: Bhatt", "text": "Mahesh Bhatt, with daughter Pooja, is off to Darjeeling to attend a film festival in the Hills and decide if 'Jism 2' can be shot thereMahesh Bhatt will be off to Darjeeling on January 4 to attend the Darjeeling Film Festival. Accompanying Bhatt on this trip to Darjeeling is his actor-turned-director daughter, Pooja Bhatt .For those not in the loop, Bhatt is planning to shoot one of his next productions in Darjeeling. \"I have fond memories of shooting in Darjeeling and Kalingpong in 1978 for \"Lahu Ke Do Rang\". The movie had Shabana Azmi , Vinod Khanna and Danny Denzongpa . That was the first time that I had shot in the hills. When I was asked to attend this film festival, I wanted to go and check out the place. Darjeeling is the jewel of West Bengal. Mamata Banerjee has successfully diffused the tension in the Hills and I certainly think it's about time to explore the hill station as a shooting destination again. Pooja is coming down with me to Darjeeling and she will decide if she wants to shoot \"Jism 2\" there or not,\" Bhatt says.So, has he met Sunny Leone, who is supposed to act in \"Jism 2\", after her exit from the \" Big Boss \" house? \" When I went inside the \"Big Boss\" house, Sunny and I had talks about doing the movie. But, she hasn't signed on anything as yet. However, things are very positive. Pooja has been to Darjeeling earlier too. I will be meeting Sunny once we return from Darjeeling.\"If not \"Jism 2\", Bhatt might also consider asking Mohit Suri to shoot \"Ashique 2\" in the Hills. \"It would be an ideal setting for a musical like \"Ashique 2\". But again, the logistics have to suit us too,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348677", "title": "Siddharth\u2019s next is a laugh riot", "text": "Tollywood director Ashok , who struck gold at the BO with his debut flick, Pilla Zamindar (which had Haripriya in the lead) last year, is now teaming up with actor Siddharth for his next film.Sources close to Siddharth say that the actor was very impressed with Pilla Zamindar and requested the director to write a script for him while expressing his desire to work with him. The film is titled Sukumarudu.\"It is a little too early to talk about the film. All I can say is that it is going to be an outand-out entertainer, loaded with humour. We haven't yet finalized the female lead and as soon as we zero in on one, we will make a formal announcement,\" says Ashok.Meanwhile, Siddharth will be seen in few other rom-coms this year - Kadhalil Sodhappuvathu Eppadi (with Amala Paul) and Hindi remake of Chashme Buddoor with Taapse! He will also be doing The First Class Man, an English film based on the life of mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344105", "title": "Starbus strike costing goodwill and Rs 1.4cr revenue per month", "text": "NAGPUR: The indefinite strike launched by Starbus drivers and conductors has reportedly caused Vansh Nimay Infraprojects Limited a loss of around Rs 1.50 crore in December. However, the city bus service has improved marginally in last few days, with around 242 buses plying on city roads in the New Year. The indefinite strike was launched by Starbus employees, specially drivers and conductors, on December 17.\"Of the 470 buses, Vansh has managed to increase city bus fleet to 242 Starbuses,\" said firm's manager Mahesh Kandalkar. City commuters are not the only ones facing trouble due to the Starbus strike but also the company running it, he said.\"Before the strike, the company used to generate revenue of Rs 4 crore every month. But it got severely affected due to the ongoing strike and revenue came down to nearly Rs 2.5 crore last month (December, 2011). Earlier, the buses used to make 3,500 trips on the 42 routes allotted in the city. But the number came down drastically,\" said Kandalkar.In fact, Vansh had faced major hardship in plying city bus services till the fourth week of December. \"But today we have managed to improve services by conducting 2,800 trips,\" said Kandalkar.The worst affected routes have been Kamptee and Hingna, where most colleges or educational institutions are situated. Kandalkar, however, pointed out, \"The ongoing Christmas holidays have given us a respite.\"Meanwhile, of the 596 people were remanded into magisterial custody till December 31, Vansh Nimay had reinstated 120 staffers, including 70 drivers. \"We have reinstated them only after obtaining undertakings from them,\" he added. Of the 596 people arrested during the strike, 487 were Vansh employees.The company had also advertised for recruitment of 800 drivers and conductors, in response to which it has received 1,000 applications. \"But only 100 candidates for drivers' posts have been selected and are presently undergoing training,\" said Kandalkar.However, the strike has exposed the lack of monitoring by NMC's Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL). Executive director of NMPL Mahesh Morone said the civic body has already served a notice to Vansh for violating terms and conditions of the agreement after Vansh staff went on indefinite strike on December 17.He promised that NMPL will ensure there is no such stir in the future. Morone said that to ensure proper city bus service, NMPL will convene meetings more frequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11346827", "title": "No, not blondes; gentlemen, in fact, prefer brunettes", "text": "LONDON: Contrary to popular perception, men find brunettes more attractive and intelligent than blondes. This inference can be drawn from a new study led by an Indian -origin researcher.For the study, Viren Swami and colleagues at University of Westminster sent a woman to three London nightclubs with her hair dyed brunette, blonde and then red, and watched how many men approached her.They then returned to the clubs and asked 130 men to rate pictures of her in the three guises. She was chatted up the most as a blonde. But she was rated most highly for attractiveness and intelligence when brunette.Swami said that the findings , published in the 'Scandinavian Journal of Psychology' , may reflect a shift in fashion, with brunettes now being idealized in the way that blondes were several decades ago. He said: \"In the Sixties and early Seventies, when Jackie Kennedy was the ideal, brunette hair became the ideal for women generally. Then, in the Seventies and Eighties, blondes became the ideal. But more recently , there has been a backlash against blondes and the dumb blonde idea has become dominant.\"Speculating on why the woman was rated more attractive when brunette, Swami said: \"One possible explanation is that men were more likely to assume sexual intent on part of our confederate when she was blonde. Perceptions of the blonde confederate as being more needy may have reduced men's fear or rejection or fear or an aggressive response, which increased their likelihood of approaching her as a blonde.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "11345281", "title": "Villagers make hay as Kalchakra pilgrims desert leaking tents", "text": "GAYA: The running of electric current in the wet and leaking tents put up to accommodate several thousand Kalchakra pilgrims on the Magadh University (MU) premises came as a windfall for the villagers of Bhagalpur, Rampur, Baijubigha, Miapur etc. As the inmates deserted the electrocution prone tents to find temporary sheds over their head to brave the drizzle and the cold, the villagers are accommodating the hapless pilgrims in their not so comfortable homes at fancy rents.Cursing the event organizers for the apparent mismanagement, Chopel, a pilgrim from Nepal , said the leaking tents had spoiled the show as, instead of concentrating on the mega rituals, the devotees had to run from pillar to post along with their families to escape electrocution and rain.Chopel wondered how the organizers were allowed to use uninsulated wire in the tent area, thereby, putting the pilgrims to risk. The onus lay with the organizers as well as the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) officials, said an apparently upset pilgrim. Attempts to get the version of the event organizers proved futile as Thumpten Jampa, joint secretary of the organizing committee, excused himself on the plea of attending an important meet.Asked how the event organizers were given power connection without putting the infrastructure to test, the BSEB's Magadh Area Board general manager said the Kalchakra Puja organizers were high tension (HT) consumers of the board and in the case of HT consumers, the board's responsibility ended at the point where transformers were installed and the point beyond the transformer had to be taken care by the consumers, the organizing committee in this case.The tents wore a deserted look, as according to Sushil Mishra, executive officer of the Bodh Gaya Nagar Panchayat, the organizers have washed their hands off and put the event in the \"auto mode\" where nobody appeared to be in control of anything.Ignoring or unmindful of the faux pas created by the event organizers, Dalai Lama, the living symbol of Buddhism, wore his brand smile while delivering sermons on the finer aspects of spiritualism and healthy conduct. The devotees, putting up in hotels and monasteries, reported on time for the rituals and Dalai Lama sermons (teaching as they call it). The event will continue till January 10, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11346715", "title": "Snow, rain likely in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: With the sky remaining overcast on Sunday night and Monday afternoon, rain and snow is likely in Himachal Pradesh from Tuesday. It drizzled on Sunday night that brought down the temperature substantially.People are preparing themselves for the tough winter months ahead as cold winds are sweeping the region. The meteorological officials said though the place remained dry on Christmas day and the New Year's eve, the western disturbances would probably bring snow and rain to Himachal very soon.Director of Shimla meteorological office Manmohan Singh said, \"There are disturbances in the upper air system that are likely to affect the western Himalayan region. The low-altitude hills would receive rainfall and thundershowers, and it would snow at many places.The possible transition in the weather conditions is likely to increase the number of tourists to Manali, Dalhousie, Shimla and the adjoining areas - Narkanda and Kufri. Winter sports businesses would grow as well.Due to the absence of snow, most visitors were a disappointed lot. Hotels in Manali, Shimla, Dharamshala and Dalhousie had less occupancy as compared to 2010, many tourists preferred trips to Kashmir where it snowed well.Hotelier in Manali Naveen Tanwar said, \"The lack of snow has adversely affected our businesses. We hope things would take a turn for the better is it snows here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349370", "title": "Jobs no bar", "text": "Despite the economic downturn creeping into the Indian job market, recruiters have made lucrative placement offers in colleges under Delhi University (DU), reports Vatsala ShrangiAditya Narain, 19, is not worried about the global slowdown as he completes his Bachelors degree in April. He is one of the two students at Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC), Delhi University (DU), to be offered a job at Citibank at an annual pay package of Rs 10 lakh. In the current economic scenario, campus placements seem to be bringing the much needed cheer.Hired for the position of graduate analyst by Citibank, Narain, in his final year of BCom (Hons) at SRCC, who also heads the placement cell of the college, says that when compared to the previous year when the global economy was healthy, this year the downturn has not affected the number of companies coming to the campus for placements. Despite the slowdown, companies are pouring in with similar or higher pay packets as compared to the previous year. Though the recruiting companies are taking a note of the downturn, they have kept the offers intact till now, says Narain. In the placements at SRCC so far, 16.5% of the students have been placed. Last year, Deutsche Bank made the highest offer at Rs 39 lakh per annum.Tarunika, pursuing her Bachelors in commerce at Lady Shri Ram (LSR) College is one of the three students who have been offered an annual package of Rs 12 lakh in the first round of placements by Mckinsey Knowledge Centre. Other leading companies recruiting students from campus include American Express, ICRA, Ernst Young, Milestone, Deloitte , etc, which are offering packages above Rs 3 lakh per annum. The average pay packages offered range between Rs 7 and 7.5 lakh per annum.Arvind Kumar, department of commerce and head, placement cell, LSR says, Till now the number of companies coming to the college and those approaching for the upcoming sessions has been encouraging. Leading recruiters include Google, Mckinsey, Deutsche Bank, KPMG , Bain, Facebook and others, some which have already made offers to students, while others are in the process.According to Kumar, 15% of the graduating students have already been placed. The recruitment process will be in full swing from January-March.DIFFERENT ROUTEInstitutes such as IIT Kharagpur have decided to take a different route. The Rajendra Mishra School of Engineering Entrepreneurship at IIT Kharagpur has the agenda of creating more jobs for young people in which they will promote 30 students to start their own business venture as entrepreneurs.These students from across departments will give in an additional year post their BTech, where they will be trained and supported to establish their own company. At the end of the year, each will have a registered company and enough seed money provided by the institute to establish their individual startups, says Yatinder Suri, faculty, IIT Kharagpur.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11347798", "title": "Cow slaughter to carry 7-year jail term in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "Killing a cow in Madhya Pradesh would now carry a seven year jail term. Besides, the onus would be squarely on an accused to prove that he did not do it.This comes into effect with the Madhya Pradesh Cow Slaughter Prohibition (Amendment) Act 2010 getting Presidential assent, after a wait of nearly two years. The order has since been published in the extraordinary gazette.Even transporting a cow outside the state for slaughter has been made punishable under the new Act.The Shivraj Singh Chouhan BJP government had passed the amendment bill in 2010 in the state assembly to protect and conserve cows and remove the flaws in the already existing Madhya Pradesh Gauvansh Pratishedh Adhiniyam (Madhya Pradesh Bovine Prohibition Act) 2004. The bill was forwarded to the Union home ministry for the Presidential assent on September 3, 2010.This bill has come exactly ten years after the Ganj Basoda cow slaughter riots, which ensured the BJP's victory in the state in 2003 elections. Riots had broken out in Ganj Basoda, 80 km from Vidisha a decade ago after the VHP took to the streets alleging that cows were being secretly slaughtered by the minority community, despite its ban in the state. The then BJP governmentunder Uma Bharati passed the earlier Act in 2004 ,which has now been made more stringent by the 2010 amendment..The earlier punishment for killing a cow was 3 years in jail and a minimum fine of Rs 5,000. The amended Act provides that no person shall slaughter or should cause to slaughter a cow or offer for slaughter any animal belonging to the cow progeny, by any means.It says that no person, including transporters, shall transport or offer for transport or cause to be transported any cow progeny himself or by any other person on his behalf, within or outside the State for slaughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349028", "title": "Preparing for major shifts in enterprise computing", "text": "Enterprise computing is at an inflection point because a number of trends and pressures are driving a transition from the traditional client computing model toward a future in which employees will use a wide variety of devices to access information anywhere, at any time. The challenge for IT is how to manage that -- and still secure the enterprise.The consumerisation of IT Enterprise IT used to control how employees adopted technology. Now, employees are a major influence on IT's adoption of new technology. Many employees want to use their own devices to access information. The number of handheld devices continues to increase rapidly in the enterprise environment: Many employees already have one or more devices in addition to their mobile business PCs and are looking for IT to deliver information to all of these devices. By responding to this need, IT can enable employees to work in more flexible and productive ways.This requires a significant change in the way IT provides services to client devices. IT has typically focused on delivering a build -- an integrated package comprising an OS, applications, and other software -- to a single PC. As employees use a wider range of devices, IT needs to shift focus to delivering services to any device -- and to multiple devices for any employee.This makes managing technology and security more complex. It also introduces issues for legal and human resources (HR) groups since this means providing access to company-owned information and applications from devices that are owned by users.The Answer: IT-as-a-service By taking advantage of a combination of technology trends and emerging compute models -- such as ubiquitous Internet connectivity, virtualization and cloud computing -- IT has an opportunity to proactively address changing user requirements and redefine the way it provides services. We believe this represents the next major change in the way that employees will use technology:Users will have access to corporate information and IT services from any device, anywhere they are, at any time, whether personal or corporate-owned.Multiple personal and corporate devices will work together seamlessly.Corporate information and services will be delivered across these devices while the enterprise continues to be protected.Employees will enjoy a rich, seamless and more personal experience across multiple devices. They will be able to move from device to device while retaining access to the information and services they need. Their experience will vary depending on the characteristics of the device they are using; services will be context-aware, taking advantage of higher-performing client hardware to deliver an enhanced experience.By developing a device-independent service delivery model, IT creates a software infrastructure that will make corporate applications and user data available across multiple devices. Device independence provides the ability to deliver services not only on current devices, but also on new categories of devices that may emerge in the future. We expect that the number and variety of handheld and tablet devices will continue to increase rapidly -- and that employees will want to take advantage of these devices, in addition to the devices they already use. Depending on a device's capabilities, it may be able to run multiple environments, including separate corporate and personal workspaces.Client virtualization and cloud technologies make this possible By taking advantage of virtualization to provide device independence by abstracting IT services from the underlying hardware, IT delivers an application or an entire environment in a virtual container; this enables the service to run on any device that supports the virtualization software. IT can also run multiple environments and applications, each isolated within its own container, on the same system.This allows faster development and introduction of new capabilities at lower cost, because IT does not need to certify the OS and each application for every hardware platform. This approach can also reduce IT management cost because IT manages only the virtual containers rather than each hardware platform.Client virtualization encompasses a range of technologies: client-hosted virtualization (CHV), including Type 2 and Type 1 (bare-metal) client-side hypervisors; server-hosted virtualization (SHV); and application virtualization. IT should anticipate using multiple technologies, depending on the requirements of each use case and the capabilities of the device.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11345675", "title": "Does not Panaji deserve a better deal from politicos?", "text": "During my 20 years as an elected councillor in Panaji, I have been able to bring in holistic development of Miramar wards. Funds were always forthcoming, and the roads within Miramar, as well as the tributary to St Inez creek, were repaired, restored and maintained helping in improving the quality of life of the residents.While Panaji in general is stinking with the stench of garbage and the Rua de Ourem creek is ridden with copious amount of leachates emanating from mounds of garbage lying untreated in heaps around Patto, Miramar residents are blessed with clean drains, wide roads, salubrious environment and uninterrupted power. Yet, more needs to be done.I have been working to ensure that Miramar residents get a post office, the building for which has already been constructed. All formalities in this regards have been carried out, with the postal authorities acceding to the wishes of the people of Miramar. The project, however, remains stalled. Many in the Corporation of the City of Panaji's (CCP) ruling faction are persons devoid of vision and ability. How can Panaji usher in development if councillors are petty minded and look to scuttle projects like the establishment of a post office for Miramar?I have been able to get green open spaces, 24x7 water supply for Miramar through JNNURM, and gardens are mushrooming all around despite road blocks. It is gratifying that I received tacit as well as tactical support from visionaries as well as committed citizens, as I have always invited suggestions and comments from the educated class, and had fruitful interaction with them.It is distressing to see in the heart of Panaji heritage buildings remaining neglected with roots of trees eating into the facade, as can be seen in the old high court building which now houses the excise and sales tax departments. It is also distressing that visitors and passersby urinate anywhere in Panaji, especially around the \"Custom House Museum\" an act that leads to diseaseand pestilence.My colleagues in charge of the civic administration appear busy with other works while the heart of the city is heading towards disaster with garbage mounds and sewage seeping out around the city. Why is it that Panaji is facing degradation and degeneration? Do Panjimites realize that those whom they have elected are not rising up to the occasion and working to take up their causes? Can you expect real estate sharks, social parasites venturing into social work to address the intricate problems which are afflicting the state capital? Good governance due to exploration is sadly lacking at CCP.The state elections are round the corner, and the residents of Panaji must not repeatedly commit mistakes by their utter disregard to the electoral process by electing wrong persons. It is a time for Panaji residents to understand, evaluate and act towards seeking good governance for Panaji which has so far eluded them. We must not just talk about throwing out bad apples. The bad apples must be thrown out.It is dismal that the sane voices of experts, which stressed to the CCP that a garbage treatment plant with JNNURM funds was vital and essential, were ignored. Expecting the state government to shell out 36 crore for a garbage plant for Panaji was a fantasy, if not an act of sabotage.Panjimites have missed getting 600 crore and Goan folks the fast train to prosperity. Should Panjimites wait endlessly to seek quality living, by electing 'social parasites' responsible for plundering Panaji through garbage mismanagement and throttling holistic development of the capital city by dubious licenses, illegalities and corruption?The writer is a councillor at the Corporation of the City of Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11349952", "title": "Supreme Court denies bail to Bangalore blast accused Abdul Naseer Maudany", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected the bail plea of Abdul Naseer Maudany, arrested for his alleged role in the 2008 serial terror blasts in Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Jaipur.A bench of justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar, however, directed the Karnataka government to provide medical treatment to Maudany, founder of Peoples Democratic Party in Kerala, at the Kottakkal Arya Vaidya Sala in Bangalore for his various health problems.The apex court passed the directions for medical help to Maudany, while declining to entertain senior counsel Sushil Kumar's plea for interim bail to him to enable him undergo treatment at the Kottakkal Arya Vaidya Sala in Kerala's Malappuram district.Kumar pleaded that Maudany be released on bail as he was falsely implicated and cited his acquittal in the Coimbatore bomb blast case after nine-and-half years of incarceration as proof of his innocence.He further submitted that the accused, who had to undergo amputation of one of his legs and was suffering from serious spinal problems and associated symptoms, was no threat to the law enforcing agencies.Maudany's counsel Kumar's argument, however, failed to impress the court, which observed, \"in a lighter vein, we would like to say, people need not do things physically. They can do wonders even while sitting at one place\".Senior counsel MN Krishnamani and standing counsel Anita Shenoy, appearing for Karnataka, strongly opposed Maudany's bail plea and treatment in Kerala on the ground that he was involved in a number of cases and posed a threat to security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11345722", "title": "No unsegregated waste at Assagao, GSPCB tells MMC", "text": "MAPUSA: The Goa state pollution control board(GSPCB) has directed the Mapusa municipality to take immediate steps to stop dumping of unsegregated waste at the Assagao plateau by deploying adequate security at the site or by requesting the police to ensure that illegal dumping of un-segregated waste is not carried out at the site.The issue of dumping of unsegregated waste at the Assagao plateau has been consistently taken up by the Mapusa Shiv Sena , led by Philip D'Souza, with the pollution control board.During the course of inspection by the GSPCB, it was observed that unsegregated municipal solid waste was being brought to the Assagao plateau where was manually segregated. Further it was also observed that un-segregated waste at the plateau was not cleared or disposed off as directed.In a letter dated December 30, 2011, the GSPCB has directed the MMC to deploy adequate security at the Assagao plateau and construct a fencing around the site to ensure that dumping of un-segregated waste at the site is stopped. The MMC has also been instructed to take immediate steps to clear away and dispose off the dumped unsegregated waste at the plateau in an environmentally-sound manner.GSPCB has observed that the Mapusa municipal council has not satisfactorily complied with the directions of the board and is hence violating the provisions of the Environment ( Protection) Act, 1986, thereby causing severe environmental pollution at the Assagao plateau and the surrounding areas.GSPCB has now directed the chief officer of the MMC to comply with all directions within a period of 30 days , or else the board will be compelled to initiate stringent legal action without any further notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348955", "title": "Fusion reaction", "text": "Students of MTech in nuclear science and technology of the Delhi University (DU) are going places. After completing his Mtech in nuclear science and technology, Pradeep Ghosh, an MTech nuclear science and technology student from Delhi University has got an opportunity to pursue his doctoral studies in high energy physics in a collaborative research programme of the Helmholtz International Centre, University of Frankfurt, Frankfurt and GSI Helmholtzzentrum fr Schwerionenforschung GmbH Darmstadt, Germany.High energy physics has always excited me. This field has the key to unlock the mysteries of our origins, right from the big bang. I will be designing/modelling the characterisation, fabrication and installation of double-sided silicon micro strip detectors for compressed baryonic experiments (CBM) for one of the experimental projects of the Facility for Antiproton and Ion Research (FAIR). This research will help our scientists capable of tracking the high density baryonic matter created in the CBM experiments and enhance/upgrade the life (making them resistant to radiation) of the detectors available, says Ghosh.Talking about how he will conduct the experiment, he says, I will be studying, analysing and designing the detectors using the tool. I will be taking the detectors to high fluences and exposing them to neutron and gamma radiation in the labs in TUM ( Munich ) and Ljubljana (Slovenia) and to the particle beam test for mock preparations in other labs (COSY, CERN etc) to see the working viability of these detectors in the near to real scenario and compare it with the simulated computer analysis.His classmate, Aakanksha Saxena, a topper throughout, has also got an opportunity to pursue her Phd is in computation fluid dynamics (CFD) analysis of the astrid reactor from CEAs (Commissariat lEnergie Atomique) department of atomic energy, France.Explaining, what she will be doing as part of her PhD, Saxena says, My study and work is basically a part of research and development being carried for the sodium cooled, fast reactor named ASTRID reactor, which will be built in France. I will evaluate the thermal hydraulic and mechanical analysis of the sub assembly with an aim to optimise the shape of the sub assembly. I will be using modelling softwares such as 3D CAD and Solid Works along with simulation codes like Star CCM+, Fluent, Cathare, Saturne and SYRTHES to carry out my CFD calculations.This study plays a very important role in the research and development going on for astrid reactor. I want to try and find a better shape for the reactors sub assembly that can be implemented in the astrid reactor.Talking about her future plans, Saxena says that her study is very close and relevant to Indian Nuclear Energy Programme and that she would like to come back to India and join the department of atomic energy, India and be a part of Indian Nuclear Energy Programme.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11349948", "title": "SAIL unveils R&D; masterplan for future", "text": "RANCHI: The research and development master plan of Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) was released by here on Monday.The master plan aims at integrating research and development activities, towards business and operational goals of SAIL by creating a network of all the stakeholders inside SAIL along with major suppliers and customers, academics and R&D; organizations in India and abroad, said executive directors D Mukerjee and S Varadarajan who released the master plan.Spokesperson for the SAIL's Research and Development Centre for Iron and Steel said innovations play very critical role in meeting the business and operational goals of a company. Development of sophisticated and breakthrough technologies and their quick assimilation are very essential element in the competitive environment.Under the master plan, several initiatives in the form of centralized and decentralized projects have been taken up. Centralized projects in general will have thrust on increasing the use of non-coking and medium-coking coal, conservation of existing raw materials through beneficiation, development of state-of-the-art iron-making technology using non coking coals and iron ore fines, energy and environment management, market-responsive new products development and development of radically new technologies.In decentralized research, a centre of excellence (COE) will be created in each steel plant to focus on selected product areas. The primary focus of COE would be on product development and improvements in collaboration with key customers and technology suppliers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11344309", "title": "Two caught planning to cheat job aspirant", "text": "YAVATMAL: The local crime branch sleuths, led by police inspector Chandan Singh Bayas, nabbed two youths trying to cheat some candidates aspiring to secure jobs as gram sevaks on contract basis. Interviews for the posts were conducted at district collectorate from December 29 to 31.Bayas informed that Shyam Omprakash Bajaj (30), resident of local Parijad Society, and Amol Panjabrao Mujmule (34), resident of Ambika Nagar, managed to get the names and contact numbers of the candidates selected for personal interview.They also obtained a SIM card with a forged identity proof and contacted some of the candidates. However, one of the candidates - Sunil Dattatraya Kunjarupawar (22), a resident of village Brahmanwada - turned too smart for them to handle.Shyam and Amol promised Sunil to get the gram sevak's job at Yavatmal Zilla Parishad if he was ready to dole out Rs 1.2 lakh - Rs 10,000 each for them and Rs 1 lakh for the officer for making the appointment.However, Sunil smelt the rat. He agreed to pay them the sum and fixed the date and place. Later, Sunil approached the crime branch.and informed about the two thugs. The sleuths contacted one of them informed that Sunil would give them the amount at a spot near the local Postal ground.The cops caught Shyam and Amol red handed. During interrogation, the duo confessed to have contacted at least three candidates. After registering criminal offence against Shyam and Amol under sections 420, 511 and 34 of IPC, they were produced before the court. They were granted a day's PCR.On Monday, they were again presented before the court where they confessed to the crime. Accordingly, the court sent them to magisterial custody remand.Bayas said that they were finding the source from where the duo got the names and contact numbers of the candidates. (EOM)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344147", "title": "Rane has his way on uniform textile subsidy", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress minister Narayan Rane , during a state cabinet meeting on Monday, sought to know the purpose of the Maharashtra Housing Bill which aims to streamline the housing sector with the appointment of a regulatory body.Meanwhile, Rane and ministers from the Vidarbha region argued over textile policy during the meeeting.\"The garment industry in the cotton-growing areas of Vidarbha and Marathwada is entitled to 12.5% subsidy, whereas other regions, including the coastal belt of Konkan, get a subsidy of 10%. Why should be there a disparity,\" Rane asked.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan saw merit in Rane's argument and it was decided to give the garment industry a uniform subsidy of 12.5%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345315", "title": "Now, RoC issues show-cause notice to HPL", "text": "KOLKATA: Even the New Year has failed to bring cheers to beleaguered Haldia Petrochemicals (HPL). In a major blow to the petrochem firm, Registrar of Companies (RoC) has issued a show-cause notice to it, on the first working day of 2012, for non filing of balance sheet and not holding annual general meeting (AGM).When contacted HPL officials said that the issue is being addressed.It may be noted that due to legal disputes HPL is not filing annual accounts to RoC, which is mandatory under the Company Law since 2005.The battle between two promoters - TCG and the state government - started in 2005 in the Company Law Board and continued till September 2011. From CLB to Calcutta High Court and finally to Supreme Court, the case went through all the legal corridors. The SC verdict on HPL was delivered only in September 2011.Sources close to the development said that RoC has issued notice under section 220, 166 and 270 of the Companies Act. \"It is for not filing balance sheet, not holding AGM and non placement of balance sheet at the AGM. These are gross violations,\" sources said. It was argued that RoC has issued the notice because three months have passed since the SC verdict, but HPL has not filed the balance sheet. \"There is no legal case pending for which they can seek further extension of time for filing of balance sheet,\" added sources.It may be noted that HPL board had referred the accounts to audit committee for further verification before approval last month. The accounts were supposed to be approved in the meeting before Registrar of Companies (RoC) filing.However, it has been learnt that the nominees of financial institutions were in favour of referring it to audit committee.Incidentally, the petrochem outfit is now facing a tough time. The combined effect of downcycle in petrochemicals and shutdowns have translated into Rs 418 crore loss for HPL in the first six months of this fiscal (2011-12). It may witness erosion of close to 50% of the pick net worth by end of this fiscal.Sources close to the development said that the petrochem firm may plunge into over Rs 500 crore loss in 2011-12 following the downturn in petro-chemical industry that started last December. ICRA has also downgraded HPL from BBB+ to BBB-.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11348399", "title": "'Rash driving is becoming a fashion among youths'", "text": "MYSORE: Deputy transport commissioner C P Narayana Swamy on Monday said it is a fashion among youths to drive dangerously, which, he said, is putting road users in danger.It is such driving tendencies that are leading to the growing number of road accidents, he said, at the inauguration of Road Safety Week at the NIE. If drivers in Singapore use mobile while driving, they will be heavily fined. Here, if they are caught, drivers use influence and get away, he said. Even the fine amount is less compared to other countries, he added. In Singapore, violators are caught on CCTV and fines will be directly credited from their accounts.According to him, road management is complex as drivers and traffic flow are inter-related. It is better if riders focus on road safety and follow traffic norms like wearing helmets and seatbelts.Students should make it a point not to overtake from the left side and concentrate on speed breakers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11347969", "title": "State likely to face biting cold as Met predicts mercury dip", "text": "GUWAHATI: People of the state should brace for more chill with the mercury expected to dip further in the coming days.According to officials of the Regional meteorological centre, rainfall is expected in Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh and parts of Assam. However, Nagaland and parts of Meghalaya would have less effect. P Banik, on duty officer of the meteorological centre, said, \"The eastern cyclonic circulation over Meghalaya and the neighbourhood would persist extending up to 1.5 km above the sea level with a trough aloft. Due to the effect of this cyclonic rain, rainfall is expected in Arunachal Pradesh, parts of Assam and Meghalaya.\"He added, \"The clouds, however, would subside in a few days but the temperature would continue to dip.\" The temperature in the city dipped to 10.2degree Celsius (minimum) and 22.5degree Celsius on Sunday. But then the situation is not that severe here as compared to the winter in north India. Parts of central Assam might have a little higher impact in the coming days. Due to the sudden fall in temperature, the citizens were seen remaining indoors and huddling up near small bonfires. Zarine Khatoon, a school teacher, said, \"Schools have opened today but most students are absent as it is very cold. It's really difficult to move out in this weather. Although I like winter, the cold is quite severe today and I am finding it difficult to work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345415", "title": "Ficci for release of AMRI directors not handling day-to-day operations", "text": "KOLKATA: In a significant development, Ficci- one of the leading apex industry bodies - has appealed to the state government to release those of AMRI directors who were not involved in the day-to-day operations. Ficci also held that such step would help prevent spreading negative sentiments among investors. This is the first time after the AMRI incident that a leading industry body has openly expressed concern about 'investor sentiment' following arrest of six AMRI non executive directors still in judicial custody.The apex industry body in its communique has no defence for those found guilty in the daily running of the hospital. At the same time it wants the government to see that there is 'no overt or covert victimization' of the directors. Any action should be followed after due process of law to avoid victimization, the FICCI held.On December 9, following a fire at AMRI Hospitals at Dhakuria, 93 people were killed. \"We believe that those found guilty after probe should be punished without any discrimination or favour. At the same time, those who are not found guilty and are not responsible for the day-to-day operations of any business should be released immediately. This is only fair and will also prevent the spread of any negative sentiments within the domestic investor community and encourage future philanthropic activities under which more hospitals can be established,\" the communique says.\"It is important to fix the responsibility of those directly involved in managing the hospital and distinguish them from others. This should be undertaken transparently and objectively,\" it added. The apex industry body believes that a judicious, non-discriminatory and objective handling of the AMRI case will go a long way in restoring the investors' confidence and allow Ficci to play its due role in Bengal.\"The enormity of the tragedy has increased many fold by its occurrence in a hospital which is universally perceived as providing relief and succour to those who seek shelter in it. We in Ficci want to strongly emphasize that all necessary steps, both by the regulatory authorities and by the hospital operators must be taken forthwith to prevent any such incidents in future. Such a step will act as a necessary deterrent against any future negligence or mala fide actions,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348811", "title": "Aagunpakhi ready to soar", "text": "Stuck in a limbo for years, Subhrajit Mitra's \" Aagunpakhi\" is finally taking wing.No, the film that focuses on the Maoist insurgency is not having a theatrical release yet, but it will be screened at the inaugural Purulia International Film Festival (Feb 4-6).\"Aagunpakhi\" will be screened on February 5. The film, which was ready almost two years back, was censored and could not be released because of political intervention,\" says Mitra. The reason given was that the \"content is not fit for theatrical release as of now\".\"The Purulia festival's convener knows me and asked me to screen it in the Jangalmahal section. I told them that they would have to make do with the screener DVD as we are not in the position to take the reels out of the Mumbai lab. They agreed. The film's characters were from that very area and it depicts their struggle,\" Subhrajit says.But what about its theatrical release? \"The topic is relevant and will stay so till there's a permanent solution to the Maoist problem. Even if there is a solution, the film will remain a true testament of the troubled times. I'm trying my best to release the film theatrically as soon as posible in Kolkata. It went to the final selection round in Berlin and Cannes in 2009 and got invited to Cairo . Sadly, we couldn't take the prints out of the lab then.\"The film has an ensemble star cast of Rituparna Sengupta , Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, Shrreya Pande, Rajesh Sharma, Shantilal Mukherjee, Kharaj Mukherjee, Sagnik, Anindya and Ankita. The music is by Kalyan Sen Barat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346516", "title": "Rane has his way on uniform textile subsidy", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress minister Narayan Rane , during a state cabinet meeting on Monday, sought to know the purpose of the Maharashtra Housing Bill which aims to streamline the housing sector with the appointment of a regulatory body.Meanwhile, Rane and ministers from the Vidarbha region argued over textile policy during the meeeting. \"The garment industry in the cotton-growing areas of Vidarbha and Marathwada is entitled to 12.5% subsidy, whereas other regions, including the coastal belt of Konkan, get a subsidy of 10%. Why should be there a disparity,\" Rane asked.CM Prithviraj Chavan saw merit in Rane's argument and it was decided to give the garment industry a uniform subsidy of 12.5%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11346094", "title": "Replace shutters of Thanneermukkom bund and Thottappally spillway: Experts", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The Chennai IIT-Kozhikode CWRDM team, which undertook the study on modernization of the Thanneermukkom barrage and the Thottappally spillway for efficient water management in Kuttanad region, has recommended that all shutters of the bund and the spillway be replaced.The team has submitted its final report to the state and central governments.It was on June 11, 2009 that the team led by Professor BS Murthy of Chennai IIT, and the then executive director of Centre for Water Resources Development and Management, Jayakumar KV, started their study under Kuttanad Package to alleviate flooding and salinity problems in the region by modernizing the barrage and the spillway. The total cost of the study was Rs 35 lakh.Professor Jayakumar said the team had recommended the setting up of new gates fitted with individual motors for simultaneous operation, in addition to the replacement of all the shutters of the bund and the spillway.\"The shutters are dilapidated. We have also suggested setting up online monitoring stations for the operation of the barrage and the spillway. The central bund of the Thanneermukkom barrage should be replaced by a gated structure,\" Jayakumar said.P Rajendran, project director in-charge of Kuttanad Package, said the report was submitted to agriculture production commissioner K Jayakumar on December 10, and that the government had approved it.\"A copy of the report was also submitted to the Centre. The Major Irrigation Department will soon appoint an agency for preparing a detailed project report (DPR) to execute the recommendations of the team. The department will soon invite tender for this purpose,\" Rajendran said.The Thanneermukkom barrage was commissioned in 1975 to prevent the flow of saline water into Kuttanad during summer. Thottappally spillway, 20 km south of Alappuzha on NH-47, was commissioned in 1955 to enable easier outflow of the combined flood discharge from Pamba, Achencoil and Manimala rivers to the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348954", "title": "Neil Nitin Mukeshl's Christmas holidays", "text": "Although actor Neil Nitin Mukesh was out for the promotions of his film \"Players\", but he turned it into a family holiday.Before his recent trip to Lucknow, Neil spent time with his sister Neha and brother-in-law Alakshendra Swaroop in Kanpur and also celebrated Christmas with them.Neil reached Kanpur on Dec 24th evening and straightaway went to Kanpur to his sister Neha's residence. \"My sister had organized a surprise party at her Moroccan Lounge with all her friends and we had an awesome time,\" said the actor. 'My father and my nephew Shauryendra dressed like Santa and my dad also ditributed gifts to all the youngsters. It was an awesome evening and one of the best Christams' I've had in years,\" said Neil.While in Lucknow, Neil appeared relaxed and still in the holiday mood. Accompanied by father Nitin Mukesh, brother-in-law Alakshendra Swaroop, sister Neha, nephews Aryendra and Shauryendra and Alekshendra's sister Akanksha, Neil spent the day at Lucknow tucking in the goodies which the city is famous for. \"Yahan Lucknow aa ke mein toh bas yahan ki sari mash'hoor cheezen khana chahta tha.\" And he did just that with co-star and friend Abhishek Bachchan when the two feasted on Tunday Kabas, parathas, biryani, makkhan malai and laddoos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348716", "title": "Director Dinesan back with Oduthalam", "text": "Director Dinesan (earlier known as Sasi Mohan), who has directed 25 films in both Kollywood and Mollywood, including Rudra and Mapillai Vandachu, is back with Oduthalam.\"The highlight of the film will be a song that's picturised on the heroine and a few models from Mumbai. The song is a fusion of classical, western and Hindustani style, and has been sung by Nithyasree, Anuradha Sriram, Mahathi and Kalpana. Ramesh Narayanan has composed the number, which also has some interesting swarajathi,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346433", "title": "Warmest beginning for New Year in a decade", "text": "PUNE: After recording the city's warmest New Year Day for the last one decade on Sunday, minimum temperature in the city is again on the decline. On Monday, the temperature was recorded at 15.3 degrees celsius, down by 2.8 degreesCfrom Sunday's 18.1 degreesC,whichwasthehighest recorded minimum temperaturefor January 1 since 2003.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast mainly clear skies with the night temperature to go down further up to11degreesCby January 4. Prior to Sunday's 18.1 degrees C, the highest minimum temperature for January 1in thelast 10 years,for thecity, was recorded at 15.3 degrees C in 2005, followed by 14 degrees C in 2010 and 13.2 degreesCin 2008.The temperature on Monday was still 4 degrees C above the normal mark for the day. Day temperature, which was recorded at 30.6 degrees C on Monday, is likely to remain around 31 to 32 degrees Cover the next 48 hours.Last week, the minimum temperature dropped below the 10 degrees C mark andtouchedtheseason'slowestso far at 7.6 degreesCon December 27.The minimum temperature has since been on the rise, touching 12.6 degreesCon December 31 and 18.1degrees Con January 1. \"Thiswasbecauseof the cyclonic storm Thane that hit the Tamil Nadu coast on December 30, bringing moisture and dew besides lowering humidity and causing cloudy conditions,\" an IMDofficialsaid.\"The storm has weakened into a low pressure area and moved over Lakshadweep and neighbouring areas, which has resultedin lesser clouding aswell as reduced moisture. This is bringing down the temperature. We expect it to continuefor the next 48 hours.\"Night temperature remained above normal in some parts of the central Maharashtra belt,whichstretchesfrom Jalgaon in the north to Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre. It remained above normal in the rest of Maharashtra, including Vidarbha and Marathwada regions.Malegaon recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature at 9.4 degrees C while Jalgaon and Nashik recorded 12.2 degrees C and 11.5 degreesC, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346627", "title": "Political parties train eyes on Mumbai youth", "text": "MUMBAI: From campaigns such as 'Chalo ward Chale' and organizing Rozgar Fairs (employment fairs), to interacting with voters via social media, youth wings across all parties are training their eyes on first-time voters, who can influence the outcome of the city's most important local election. With civic elections less than a month away, youth wings are reaching out to people on the Internet.Sitting corporators, too, have increased their activity on social networking websites to cash in on the Internet-savvy youth. At the grassroots level, political parties have launched youth-centric programmes targeting Mumbai colleges and campaigns on the lines of 'Jago Re' to interact with the voters.The Mumbai Pradesh Youth Congress for instance has already started grabbing headlines by launching hunger strikes to expose 'corruption in the civic body'.The youth wing has a clear agenda that highlights the 'corrupt acts of the ruling saffron alliance'. It also hopes to raise awareness on the achievements of the state and Central governments. \"We have conducted more than 150 meetings under our 'Chalo Ward Chale' campaign, and have a list of the problems that each ward is facing. In case there is work pending in wards that have Congress corporators, we immediately notify them,\" said the president of Youth Congress Sadaf Aboli. The youth wing intends to ride on the anticorruption wave and mobilize young voters.The Yuva Sena's campaign focuses on the party's 'achievements' during its tenure in the BMC. After the success of a blood donation drive, the Shiv Sena youth will hold a massive health camp at the Andheri Sports Complex today. Yuva Sena head Aditya Thackeray has been interacting with voters online, using social media to its full potential. The Mumbai University remains the main target of the Yuva Sena, says Sena party member Harshal Pradhan, but analysts noted that the party's recent antics could alienate the youth.With their \"youth icon\" Raj Thackeray as the party's poster boy, the MNS is confident that the image of the party chief will help attract young voters. Generating employment is the agenda, and the MNS-along with the NGO Vendant-has been organizing Rozgar Melas or employment fairs.Not wanting to be left behind in the race to attract the youth, the NCP has announced that it will organize a Youth Sammelan, where young voters can discuss the problems of unemployment with deputy CM Ajit Pawar. The party youth wing also plans to enrol underprivileged undergraduates in the YC Maharashtra Open University. We will also be requesting party leaders to field more youth candidates in the elections, said NCP youth wing's president Manoj Vyawahare.The BMC has not undertaken any road projects in the last three years. But ahead of the civic elections, the BMC began road work projects in November; it has taken up work on over 800 roads. New initiatives have also been taken like appointing an external auditor to monitor road work. The estimated expenditure on roads for 2011-12 is Rs 1,470 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344379", "title": "Mumbai gets its first women firefighters", "text": "MUMBAI: Five women firefighters joined the Mumbai fire brigade on Monday, making them the first women to enter this all-male institution in the 123 years of its existence.Kavita Gurukul, Kanchan Rathod, Varsha Budhvant, Lata Rathod and Nirmala Ingle were inducted into the brigade at Wadala fire station on the first working day of the new year. They will start work at the Byculla fire station from January 4.The women firefighter will, however, still be referred to as firemen (female). A senior fire official reasoned, \"A woman constable is referred to as a constable, so why shouldn't a female firefighter be called a fireman?\"The fire brigade decided to recruit women after it was learnt that there was awkwardness among women victims when dealing with male firefighters. The brigade plans to induct 30 women firefighters in all.The training of the five inductees was on par with their male counterparts. \"There are different components to their six-month training programme. There are practicals, a written test, drills, ladder climbing, rescue on ladder, firemen lift, rescue from ladder, followed by a parade. They were able to perform all the tasks. We have a unit test and a final test. If those tests are not cleared, their training is extended by three months. After conducting a test, they are inducted,\" said H Mujawar, chief fire officer.At present, the fire brigade has 2,500 firemen on board. Chennai and Hyderabad fire brigades are the only others in the country to have women firefighters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348666", "title": "A woman's attire is nobody's business", "text": "A top cop and minister's statements on women's 'fashionable dressing' has opened a can of worms...Thanks to their misinformed statements, it seems politicians in India are turning adept at earning the backlash of the common populace with every passing year. Opening the New Year's foot-in-your-mouth awards with his incendiary comments on 'decent dressing on part of women', is the neighbouring state's women and child welfare minister C C Patil.His shot-in-the-dark attempt at reinstating moral righteousness had him saying, \"Women ought to know how much skin they should cover when they leave for their workplaces.\" And, this comes a few days after the Andhra Pradesh DGP blamed women's 'fashionable and provocative' dressing for a rise in rapes. Many city women are still fuming over these statements made by people in responsible positions.Do women invite rape, they ask furiously. Anushruti Arvind, an HR professional with a software services company and an expecting mother, says, \"I was flabbergasted to hear the politician's line of thought. In a workplace environment that's constantly evolving to suit global needs, such perceptions are most uncalled for. The sense of dressing - whether conservative or liberal, should be left to the individual itself.Most offices have a welldefined dress code. In places where such norms aren't charted out explicitly, a basic sense of decency prevails among the employees. You don't walk into a board meeting wearing a tank-top, unless of course, you're Lisbeth Salander.\" Others are of the opinion that cultural and social conditioning is a determinant of how one dresses up in such environs.Just ask Madhura Vignesh, a senior marketing manager, who explains, \"I dress according to the crowd that I am going to be with. I am more casual and bold in my approach to dressing when I travel to bigger cities. When it comes to a small town, I dress more traditionally. I think a woman's attire is nobody's business.\"Throw the ball in the court of experts who deal with such issues on a day-to-day basis and you might find a completely different perspective. R Manoj, clinical psychologist and training connoisseur says, \"If scantily dressed women prompted men to embark on sexual assault, then there should not be any rapes happening in Indian villages, where most of the women, irrespective of caste or religion cover themselves up totally.\"He adds, \"Sex is an instinctual drive which gets aggravated when suppressed. In our society everything related to sex is kept under wraps, while mass media propagates objectification of women in its own style. These feelings are further boosted by the male chauvinistic attitude which has a widespread idea that a sexual aggression is the best way to ensure conquest of a female. The dissemination of adequate sex education in a systematic way and strong deterring punishment to the offenders are the only real solutions.\"SHOOTING FROM THE HIP! GHULAM NABI AZAD - The Union health minister comments deeming gay sex to be both unnatural and a disease evoked strong criticism from several quarters just a few months ago KAPIL SIBAL - The Telecom minister was at the receiving end of backlash after his attempts to help the government monitor social networking websites for offensive content upset netizens across the nation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11344941", "title": "Govt to revive carpet industry in Obra", "text": "PATNA: The once famous carpet weaving industries at Obra in Aurangabad district, known worldwide for its carpets, is today lying in shambles. The artisans engaged in carpet making have migrated to other carpet making centres and their next generation are not too keen on carrying the legacy of their forefathers.Chief Minister Nitish Kumar , during his recent Seva Yatra in Aurangabad district, assured all help to the artisans and their families and announced the revival of the industry. Though, a ray of hope has emerged with the CM's announcement, much depends on what the government intends to do to revive this old-age tradition and generate employment.Obra has a hoary tradition in carpet weaving dating back to the Buddhist and Mauryan era. But, the pile carpet as we all know took birth only 300 years ago during the Mughal period and flourished due to the royal patronage offered to the carpet industry. It is since then that the carpets started being made at Obra. It produces old designs based on the Indo-Persian style and also in floral and geometrical patterns. Also, cotton carpets are being made here with patterns, including simple lines, geometric designs and symmetric motifs.Though, Obra still continues to produce old design carpets, it lost its pride of place for which it was once known worldwide. Lack of government support, migration of artisans to UP, J&K;, Punjab and Rajasthan to earn their livelihood, withdrawal of subsidies and loss of market has transformed the once flourishing industry into a small scale unit. All these have put the artisans here to great disadvantage compared to the more potent loom owners elsewhere in the country resulting in lack of interest among kin of artisans to carry on the job of their forefathers.The average earning per day of the weavers here is Rs 60. Yusuf Muhammad, a fourth generation weaver, said, \"We live in penury,\" and added he had no qualms in admitting that he does not want his eight-year-old son to enter the trade.Though, the CM during his visit to Obra on December 29 had assured state patronage, it remains to be seen what actually transpires on the ground. Industry minister Renu Kumari said, \"We are in the process of discussing the revival plans. It is too early to say as to what steps would be taken,\" and added once discussion is over, a project report will be made in this regard like the one being made for weavers of Banka which the chief minister visited from December 15 to 17, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345520", "title": "Oil tock 'vanish' at price hike whiff", "text": "KOLKATA: Car owners driving to city fuel stations for a fill on Monday morning got a rude shock with most men at petrol pumps suddenly 'going on leave'. They all came back in the evening after the revised petrol price was notified. Strangely, so did the stocks, though many of them claimed to have \"run out of stocks\" in the morning.\"I went to a fuel station on the way to my daughter's school in New Alipore. The tank was empty. I tried at least three petrol pumps and was refused on different pretexts. At one station, I was told that the men who do the filling hadn't turned up due to bad weather. Another fuel station on Tollygunge Circular Road told me that it had run out of stock. But I found them filling the government cars fitted with a beacon,\" said lawyer Animesh Bhattacharjee.Even some buses and minibuses that went to fuel stations met with a similar plight, though there was no announcement of a hike in diesel prices. \"We were also affected. Fuel stations refused us too,\" said Tapan Bandyopadhyay of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates, adding that several private buses went off the road on Monday after being refused fuel.Even as some petrol pump owners tried to explain it as the effect of a sudden demand in petrol, they went shy on the obvious - hoarding the stock to make a fast buck by selling them at the new price, thus trying to make up for the apparent loss on two occasions when petrol prices were lowered by oil companies. \"This is all to maximize profit. If you sell your stock a day later after the rise, you can earn an extra margin of profit. But such practice of hoarding is rampant more in districts than in cities,\" confided a dealer.In almost all districts, a majority of petrol pumps went into refusal mode after it became clear that the upward revision of petrol price is imminent. A number of complaints were lodged with district magistrates by motorists that petrol pumps had refused fuel despite having enough stock.Indian Oil spokesperson Alok Singh said: \"Neither empty stock nor absence of personnel can be enough reason for refusal. Fact is that oil companies have a strong network in the city so that supply is not a problem. It takes an hour to refuel empty petrol pumps. We are not buying the plea and will take stern action if we get a specific complaint.\"West Bengal Petroleum Dealers' Association general secretary Surojit Koley said: \"It is very unfortunate that customers were refused. I am immediately issuing notices to all dealers so that they do not refuse customers. Earlier, petroleum dealers used to hoard stocks two or three days before a hike. In those days, fuel price was revised once a year. It is a regular affair now. I see no reason why pump owners should hoard stocks when chances are that prices could go down in a deregulated regime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11346067", "title": "Taliban pledge not to attack Pak forces", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Taliban militants in Afghanistan and Pakistan have formed a new grouping which has pledged to stop targeting Pakistani security forces and focus their attention on US-led Nato troops in Afghanistan at the intervention of their elusive supreme commander Mullah Omar .The Afghan and Pakistani Taliban formed a joint five-member 'shura' or council with other Pakistani militant groups on Sunday to oversee an end to attacks on Pakistani forces, the News daily quoted its sources in Taliban as saying.The new 'shura' includes the Haqqani network and powerful commanders of the groups led by Maulvi Nazeer and Hafiz Gul Bahadur, factions of Pakistani Taliban led by Hakimullah Mehsud and Maulana Waliur Rahman .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "saha (ambala)", "code": "11346847", "title": "Uncanny silence surrounds once 'lively' villages", "text": "SAHA (AMBALA): It was a day of tragedy for residents of the two neighbouring villages - Pasyala and Sabka - in Ambala district. The 11 school children who were killed in the road accident belonged to these two villages, and many of them were less than 10 years old. The otherwise lively men and women of the villages stood in an uncanny silence when the bodies of the children were buried in the fields.The villagers let out their anger and frustration at the district administration and chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led government as they spoke about there being no checks on the schools and van operators who stuff kids in the vehicles.Rajkumar, a resident of Pasyala village, lost both his sons Ashish, 7, and Shivam, 4. Ashish studied in Class II and Shivam had just been enrolled into the kindergarten class. The inconsolable parents cried: \"What are we to live for now? Everything is over for us.\"Grandfather Phool Chand said, \"Ashish loved cycling and he scored well in the recent exams. He was very enthusiastic and used to help the family in household works as well.\"Vishal of Class IV, and Kunal who was a student of kindergarten were buried in the fields adjoining their village - Pasyala.Kunal's grandfather Minder Singh said, \"Once the driver had ferried more than 30 students in the vehicle, though the number shouldn't have been more than 10. I had firmly told him to arrange another bus as most of the time, the children reached their school in an uncomfortable manner. The kids were treated like cattle.\"Five kids from Sabka village died in the accident, of which three were from one family - brothers Rishav, 10, Anuj, 8, and their cousin Lavish, 8.Ashutosh, 13, and Pulkit,4, were killed and Ashutosh's two sisters - Divya Rani and Isha were admitted to the PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11345212", "title": "Weather continues to play truant", "text": "PATNA: Even as Patnaites got relief from the biting cold with sun shining with full vigour on the last three days in December, the onslaught of cyclonic storm 'Thane' in Tamil Nadu played a dampener as chilling cold accompanied with rain returned to the state capital forcing people to stay indoors and bring out their woolens out one again.With rain falling throughout the day on the first day of the year in Patna on Sunday, the city has registered 9.1 mm of rainfall during last 24 hours. Although it did not rain on Monday, the cold persists giving no respite to the people.The sudden cold and rain is due to the cyclonic storm that hit Tamil Nadu resulted in cloudy weather across major parts of southern and eastern and central India including Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar and Jharkhand, said a weatherman. He said the low pressure area over Lakshadweep area and its neighbouring persists with the trough at mean sea level from the above system now extending northeastwards to Bihar, Vidarbha, Chhattisgarh, coastal and north interior Karnataka. The weather condition likely to remain unchanged for next two-three days with temperature falling slightly.The feeling of cold persists as the difference in maximum and minimum temperatures narrowed down to 5 degree Celsius with Patna recording a maximum temperature of 19.6 degree Celsius while the minimum temperature registered on Monday was 14.6 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11346156", "title": "Move to reduce traffic chaos on Kannur NH", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The trial run of traffic signals installed at Korappuzha and Moorad bridges on the Kozhikode-Kannur NH is all set to begin today. The signals are expected to reduce traffic snarls by controlling the volume of vehicle at a given time.The signal lights that cost Rs 12 lakh have been installed under the aegis of the Road Safety Authority in association with a private agency. \"The trial run was delayed as we were for the electricity connection at Moorad bridge near Vadakara,\" said regional transport officer of Vadakara Rajeev Puthalath.District collector P B Salim will inaugurate the full-fledged functioning of the traffic signal lights on Wednesday. Two signal lights each have been installed on either sides of the bridges to control the movement of heavy vehicles and light vehicles separately, said the RTO. The fully automated signal lights are expected to reduce the work load of police personnel.The Road Safety Authority is also planning to install similar traffic signal system near Koyilandy bus stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11348245", "title": "'Men's mentality should change'", "text": "HUBLI: Andhra Pradesh DGP Dinesh Reddy's recent statement that women wearing fashionable and revealing clothes provokes sexual desire in men and leads to increased number of rape cases has evoked resentment among women. Adding to the heated debate is state minister C C Patil's view that endorses Reddy's opinion. Patil said women should not wear clothes that expose too much skin.To elicit the views of girl students on the issue, The Times of India visited P C Jabin Degree College in Hubli. While some students endorsed the DGP's and the minister's view, some out rightly rubbished it. However, they all said that more than dressing, it is the mentality of men that is to blame for all sorts of atrocities against women. If women wearing western clothes and exposing skin is what ignites the desire in men, then what can explain rape cases in rural areas where women fully cover themselves, wondered Mallamma R Betageri referring to surveys that attribute rape cases to women provoking men by wearing flimsy and fashionable clothes. If clothes are the deciding factor than why are old women, schoolgoing girls and even children raped? Harshita too does not agree with the DGP's views. \"Women have all the freedom to wear the kind of clothes they want so as to look good\" she said.It all depends on men's mentality to respect women and stay away from inflicting any harm on them. There is a socio-cultural aspect to it, wherein if boys are brought up in a good family environment with good values, they will not indulge in bad things, she added. However, Namrata P finds some truth in what the DGP said. \"Now a days, girls imitate film actresses and go overboard in following the trend. They wear revealing clothes, grabbing eyeballs and provoking men. It is not a good trend,\" she said. Echoing her views, Shruti S A and Anuradha felt that girls should dress according to Indian culture and tradition instead of imitating western style, which often leads to eve teasing, ragging and sexual provocation. \"Sexual desire is basic to humans and I don't completely agree that wearing fashionable and revealing clothes leads to rape and harassment. However, it is an add-on to the already existing desire,\" said Shwetha M. Divya E M summed it up saying that modern way of dressing is acceptable but women should exercise self constraint and should know where to draw the line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11344739", "title": "Woman paid price for being kind?", "text": "JAIPUR: Munni Devi Tank, the 85-year-old woman who was found murdered in Malviya Nagar, apparently paid a heavy price for her kind-heartedness.Kunal Kumar Pandey, the domestic help, who is suspected of murdering her, had pleaded to her for a job and she could not refuse and hired him immediately when he came to her house on the evening of December 31. She hired him despite the advice of his eldest son, Umrao Singh, who had interviewed the accused on December 29 for the job, to wait for some days.Kunal told the family members that he had worked for one Dinesh Agrawal in Bani Park. Kunal claimed the house owner used to beat and abuse him after getting drunk so he left the job. However, preliminary investigations suggest that the accused came to the city only a week ago.\"Despite telling him to wait for a call from our side, he suddenly turned up at the door with his luggage on the New Year eve. He started begging my mother to hire him. She took pity and hired him,\" said Singh, who lives separately in Sodala area.\"He posed as a victim before my mother. She was gullible and he took advantage of it,\" Singh added.He added that Kunal won her heart within a day. \"She even called me up on Sunday saying she would shift another domestic help, Raghuveer, to my brother Arun's house and keep Kunal with herself,\" Umrao Singh said.Police said it was a pre-planned plot. \"Raghuveer had also been hired about a fortnight ago. Earlier, he used to work with an army officer. We crosschecked his credentials and his former employer said he was a genuine guy,\" commissioner of police BL Soni said. Raghuveer was also found murdered along with Munni Devi on Tuesday morning. However, Kunal seems to have a shady past.\"We have come to know about some places in the city where Kunal used to live. Umrao Singh had talked to Kunal at length during the interview and Singh has given us a proper description of his appearance on the basis of which we are preparing a sketch,\" BL Soni added.He said the police are also in touch with Bihar police. \"We are seeking their help on the suspicion that he might be in Patna. Kunal had told Umrao Singh that his brother-in-law Vikas Pandey lived near MI Road and had provided two mobile numbers. We are furthering our investigation on the basis of these clues,\" Soni said.Some CCTVs were also installed in the house, but they were defunct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346552", "title": "PMC has just 1 van to \u2018manage\u2019 40,000 dogs", "text": "PUNE: The civic body has only one vehicle in 'working condition' to manage 40,000 stray dogs roaming the streets of Pune. This when more than 8,000 dog-bite cases were recorded with the health department of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) last year.\"The PMC has three running vans right now. But a couple of them are in bad shape. We are managing the things with it. Some of these vans have been in use for more than 15 years now. So they have become obsolete,\" said Kishor Pol, executive engineer of PMC.Pol said the PMC has placed an order for five vehicles that would be fitted with the latest machines and would meet all international standards. \"The aim is to provide at least one vehicle per ward office,\" he said.The civic body has tripled the number of dogs it sterilizes and vaccinates each year. \"With one agency, we used to sterilize around 25 dogs a day. With three agencies, this number has gone up to nearly 70 a day,\" Jagtap said.Despite all the efforts, the population of strays has been increasing steadily. From an estimated 35,000 dogs in 2008, it has risen to around 40,000 now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345358", "title": "Gujarat University frowns at secret colour coding", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) has banned the use of colourful stapler pins and threads to hold answer sheets together in the undergraduate medical examinations, which commenced on Monday.It has come to the notice of the GU officials that many medical students use colourful staplers and threads to bind their answer sheets, which is believed to be a way to mark their papers so as to draw the attention of assessing medical teachers for favored marking.\"The colour of the stapler or thread is pre-decided so as to indirectly inform the medical teacher about the identity of the student. Since most of the students are wards of doctors, the influence on fellow doctors in the medical faculty is used to get good marks for the students,\" said a Gujarat University official.Officials said that any answer sheet found with such colourful stationery would be singled out and the students would be summoned for explanation by the examination reforms committee. Officials added that the students will face punishment, including cancellation of the exam or disbarment from the examination for two years.\"This is a serious matter. Earlier, the students used to put signs such as Om, Shree or draw images of Gods to be identified on the sly. These could be covered by stickers but the colourful staplers and threads are difficult to conceal,\" said a varsity official.Last year, GU had banned teachers from bringing mobile phones in the medical exam centers after a student was apprehended performing the practical exam taking guiding tips from a medical teacher. This prompted GU to ban both the students as well as teachers from bringing mobiles into the exam centers.GU authorities say that copying using different means is rampant in the university medical exams. This is evident from many wards of doctors in the state topping their class despite the fact that they are average students and had even scored average marks in class XII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345391", "title": "Ahmedabad's environs host 300 species of birds", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Do you know that four species of migratory wagtails (yellow, white, white-browed and citrain) from Europe can be found in Ahmedabad's gardens during winter. Or that White-rumped vultures can be seen at the LD college and IIM-A campus. That the Rosy starling, a bird of the Myna family from eastern Europe , is found in abundance in Ahmedbad this season. That Gujarat has been blessed with more than 500 species of birds and 300 of them can be seen in and around Ahmedabad.The best introduction to them is Ahmedabad's sixth Bird Race on the coming Sunday, January 8. These are dawn-to-dusk events where teams of bird-watching enthusiasts, from beginners to experts, from seven-year-olds to 81-years young, spend the day spotting birds in and around the metropolitan region.As many as 286 species of birds have been sighted on a single day during one of the Mumbai Bird Races. For Ahmedabad, the figure is 170 but bird-watcher Kartik Patel says that it could go up to 350 if more people join the Bird Race. Last year, there are around 250 participants.Mumbai-based naturalist-writer-photographer Sunjoy Monga, who conceived the Bird Race on the lines of similar events held in other parts of the world, said participating teams in most Indian cities tallied well upwards of 200 species on just that one day.Virag Vyas of the Bird Conservation Society of Gujarat, who has been part of the last four Bird Races in the city, said the most exciting moment was in 2010 when the White-fronted goose, a migratory bird from North America and Europe was spotted for the first time in Gujarat in the Thol sanctuary.For the Bird Race, teams of four to five, led by a bird-watcher, fan out to spots within 60 km of the city with a checklist of all the birds ever seen in the state. Guide books by Salim Ali and a pair of binoculars are a help. All teams gather in the evening and exchange notes. The winner of the race is chosen on the basis of who spots maximum and most rare birds.Amdavadis are fortunate to have a range of ideal bird-watching spots such as the Nalsarovar sanctuary, the Thol sanctuary, the Indroda Park and wetlands such as Lavarpur near Gandhinagar to explore, said Bharat Jethwa, Asia waterbird census coordinator, who organized the first five Bird Races in the city.Those who do not want to venture out of the city can go to the Gujarat University campus, the ATIRA campus opposite the IIM or Kankaria, where a variety of herons, cormorants and egrets can be seen. Other migratory birds which can be spotted in the city are the Desert whetear, a light yellow bird the size of a myna with a black throat that flies in from Africa and central Asia , the harrier from Europe, the Greater spotted eagle and Tickell's blue flycatchers from the lower Himalayas .The birds which one can expect to see in the wetlands are the Common shelduck, the Barheaded goose, the White-tailed lapwing, Siberian chat, Ruddy shelduck, Combduck (Nakata), Northern shoveller, Black-tailed godwit, Common sandpiper, Marsh sandpiper and Common teal, Gray-lag goose, Pintail duck, Gargeny duck and, stints which are sparrow-sized wading birds which come from Russia .Vyas says the Bird Race not only generates awareness among people but over time it gives naturalists a good idea of the region's avifauna (bird-life) and what could be the species and areas facing problems. One of the most heartening results of the annual event, Jethwa says, is that many participating schoolkids vow not to fly kites with 'manja' that injures hundreds of birds on Uttarayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344544", "title": "Belatedly, state starts efforts to set up IIIT", "text": "NAGPUR: With a view to cash in on the boom in the IT sector, the Centre is contemplating setting up of 20 Indian Institutes of Information and Technology in private public partnership in the country. As per the scheme, the central and state governments along with the industry will be stakeholders in the scheme.Though the proposal was mooted about a year back, the Maharashtra government failed to capitalize on the opportunity. It was only recently that officials invited expressions of interest (EoI) from the private industries for setting up centre-sponsored IIIT.Officials from the state department of technical education (DTE), which has invited EoIs, said that Maharashtra was always shortchanged in the case of getting centre-sponsored educational institutions, despite being one of the most progressive states. It neither has the prestigious Indian Institutes of Management nor the National Law School.Apart from IIT Powai, only Mahatma Gandhi International Hindi University (MGIHU) in Wardha and Indian Institute of Mass Communication (IIMC) in Amravati are centrally-sponsored institutions in the state. However, MGIHU hardly appealed to the masses in the predominantly Marathi speaking state.Technical education director Subhash Mahajan told TOI that all the details regarding IIITs were with the Mantralaya and DTE had only invited EoIs. Currently, Allahabad, Gwalior, Jabalpur, and Kancheepuram are having centre-sponsored IIIT while three others in Hyderabad, Kerela and Bangalore are sponsored by the respective states on PPP models.DTE officials, however, stated that the decision to set up IIIT was taken during the 11th Five Year Plan (2007-12). Initially, Pune was selected as the location for the institution. It was supposed to offer research programmes in various emerging fields such as cyber security and image processing, networks and mobile computing, banking and insurance, energy and transportation, analytics, remote sensing, agriculture, energy, transportation, environment, natural sciences, nanotechnology, health care and image processing. However, the government then put the project on the back burner.As per the scheme, the state will provide free land while the centre will grant 50 crore for faculty development programme and meet the recurring expenditure up to 10 crore during the first four years of setting up of each IIIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345528", "title": "It's Xmas time for Armenians", "text": "KOLKATA: The Holy Church of Nazareth at Armenian Street off Burrabazar is bustling with activity. It's time for celebration and merriment for the 200-odd Armenians in the city. Yes you heard it right,The city is gearing up for yet another Christmas, the Armenian Christmas, on January 6.The Armenian Apostolic Church shares doctrinal beliefs of the Eastern Orthodox Churchand retains traditional Armenian ritesThe church follows the Julian calendar which celebrates the birth of Christ on January 6 (also known as Old Christmas).'Armenian Christmas' is a culmination of celebration of events related to Christ's Incarnation. It centers around Theophany or Epiphany (or Astvadz-a-haytnootyoon in Armenian), meaning \"revelation of God\". which is the central theme of the Christmas season in the Armenian Church.\"When we wish someone Merry Christmas in Armenian, we are actually saying that Christ is born and revealed, and blessed is Christ's revelation,\" said Rev Father Khoren Hovhannisyan, pastor (priest) of Armenians in India.During the Armenian Christmas season, a series of major events is celebrated which are the major events that are celebrated are the Nativity of Christ in Bethlehem and His Baptism in the River Jordan. Also, a ceremony called 'Blessing of Water' is conducted in the Armenian Church to commemorate Christ's Baptism.\"Until the fourth century, Christians worldwide celebrated Christ's birth on January 6. The Roman Catholic Church changed the birth date to December 25 to override a pagan festival dedicated to the birth of the sun. The Armenian Church just kept the original date. Armenia is the first country to adopt Christianity as the state religion in 301 AD,\" said the priest.Armenian Christmas is quite unique in its celebration and dotted with various rituals.To prepare themselves for the great festival, Armenians fast for a week to cleanse themselves to be worthy of a great miracle and prepare for the celebrations of the great festivalThe menu for this week, hence, comprises vegetarian dishes only.The celebrations will begin with the Christmas Eve mass on January 5 at 4pm. After the mass, there will be the Home Blessing ceremony at the Armenian College. Father will then bless the congregationwith salt, bread and water. and thereafter sprinkle blessed water on the four corners of the house. This will be followed with a special dinner comprising fish and Anushabour for dessert for the Armenian staff and students of Armenian College.On Christmas day Armenians will feast on roasted lamb, Pilaf and Anushabour.Christmas Day celebrations will begin with the Christmas mass at 9:30am. at the Armenian Holy Church of Nazareth. The Christmas mass or the Divine Liturgy is also very special. On a usual Sunday, the Church is attended by barely 10-15 people. But come January 6 and it will wear a different look, packed with will be choc-a-bloc with more than 150 or more Armenians on January 6. The grand altar will be decorated with flowers and candles and instead of being seated on the pews, the congregation will remain standing instead of sitting on the pewsChristmas Day celebrations begin with the Christmas Mass which will start at 9:30am at Armenian Holy Church of Nazareth.The church choir will perform at the mass whereand sticking to its original roots, the hymn is sung in Armenian. A special service will be held for 'Blessing of the Water,' to commemorate baptism of Jesus Christ. The Cross will be immersed in water to symbolize the baptism of Christ. Thereafter, the holy water will be distributed to the congregation.Once the service at the Church comes to an end, After the service at the Church, the action shifts to the lawns of the Armenian Sports Club at the Maidan. In the afternoon, the Church committee has organised a Christmas Tea Party for Armenians and Armenian College students at the Armenian Sports Club where Santa Claus and a magic show will entertain the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349057", "title": "CRY for Rights", "text": "Child Rights and You announces the National Child Rights Research Fellowships 2012-13MUMBAI: CRY - Child Rights and You is inviting applications for the National Child Rights Research Fellowships 2012-2013. The research fellowships, now in its sixth year, were introduced by CRY with the aim to explore various dimensions of child rights, within the broad understanding of Justice for Children.The initiative acknowledges the need for enabling opportunities to investigate the complex structures and networks within which childhood is lived and child rights are restored. CRY is looking for new ideas, a combination of formal and informal approaches to explore and discover simple and complex truths about the interplay of culture, ethics and policies determining childhoods.Speaking about the fellowships, Vijayalakshmi Arora, director, Policy and Advocacy, CRY said, The rationale for the initiative was that there is little research in the area of childhood and child rights that is not driven by government programming priorities or by international donors, their worldviews and their perceptions. There is a real need for information on child rights that could strengthen advocacy efforts, and effectively take governments to task on broken promises.The National Child Rights Research Fellowships attempt to reach out to and engage with researchers from smaller towns and villages across the country. The fellowship is open to all citizens of India, though preference will be given to those who have studied in government schools where no fees have been charged. Research may also be conducted in the candidates language of choice.Interested applicants must submit a two-paged CV, accompanied by a three-paged proposal which includes methodology, timelines and a detailed budget, as well as a sample of a self-authored article, paper or document on a similar theme, whether published or unpublished. The last date for applications is February 17th, 2012. Please visit www.cry.org for detailed information on the application process.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11345529", "title": "Fog returns with cold wave at heels", "text": "GURGAON: After light showers in several parts of Gurgaon on Sunday, low-visibility conditions returned on Monday morning. A thick fog cover was reported early in the morning, with visibility levels dropping to less than 100 metres.The Met department is expecting similar conditions to prevail over the next two days, although the fog density levels may go up a notch. \"A shallow fog cover might continue through the day. Early morning fog will be thicker for the next two days,\" said an IMD official. The Met department is expecting a shallow fog cover to continue until Tuesday afternoon. Officials said western disturbances, after a day of heavy rain in several northern states, have contributed to the high moisture levels in the air, leading to a fog cover. \"After Sunday's spell of rain, we were expecting fog in several parts of city,\" the official said.Due to the humid conditions, the mercury rose further in Gurgaon, registering a minimum of 11.9 degrees Celsius on Monday evening. The cold wave is expected to return this week, since the north-westerly winds are often followed by plummeting minimum temperatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346205", "title": "Mumbaikars chose beer over liquor on New Year eve", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite a pleasant winter, Mumbaikars downed chilled beer on New Year eve than spirits. Reason: unaffordably high costs of Indian-made foreign liquor (IMFL).According to people involved in sale and servicing of liquor in hotels , shops, pubs and restaurants, 50% of the liquor that was downed by Mumbaikars on Saturday night was beer - particularly a strong beer.\"The Indian-made foreign liquor made comparatively less upto 40% and various wines the other 10%. This has happened for the first time due to increased cost-consciousness since 2011 budget. Earlier, IMFL had more share in the 31st parties,\" said Arvind Miskin of the Maharashtra Wine Merchants' Association.After March 2011, state excise duty went up by 30 to 35% on IMFL taking the net increase on liquor from 30% to 60% depending on the brands. Also the government for the first time imposed service tax of 10.30% on air-conditioned bars from March 2011 onwards. This was all besides increase in VAT by 10%.This rise in taxes had resulted in liquor prices going up by 70-75%. Following this, while beer costs up to Rs 125 per bottle (650 ml) in city's shops, the wine and other IMFL regular brands cost up to Rs 800 per bottle (750 ml).\"First, people were not willing to sit in restaurants because of police restrictions. Second, it was a weekend, so lots of people were out of town. Those who sat in bars were consuming more strong beer than whisky or spirits because of the grown costs over last nine months. Strong beer gives the same feel as whisky. Also it's cheaper to buy from shops and drink at home,\" said Ahar secretary Shashikant Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11347829", "title": "Rajendra Panda gets Gangadhar award", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The prestigious Gangadhar national award for poetry-2010 was conferred on Odia poet and retired IAS officer Rajendra Kishore Panda at the 45th foundation day function of Sambalpur University on Monday. Panda is the 20th recipient of the award that carries a cash prize of Rs 50,000, a shawl and a citation. But the poet was not present to receive the award because he is sick.The award was constituted by Sambalpur University in memory of poet Gangadhar Meher (1862-1924) who is known as Swabhab Kabi. \"Rajendra Panda was selected for the award for his work on modern Odia poetry,\" vice-chancellor B C Barik said.The former vice-chancellor of Swami Ramanand Teerth Marathwada (SRTM) University and Rajya Sabha member Janardhan Madhavrao Waghmare was the chief guest at the function. He also felicitated eminent scribe of Rourkela Devendra Narayan Pati for his contribution toward promotion of education in the Steel City. Retired employees of the University were also felicitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11347763", "title": "Irate residents protest against power fault", "text": "Kanpur: The residents of over half-a-dozen localities of Jajmau came out on roads to protest against the power fault. Since Saturday, areas like Wajidpur, Jajmau, Manohar Nagar, Sanjay Nagar, Sheetla Bazaar and Ambedkar Basti were without power. The power fault and lackadaisical attitude adopted by the Kesco staff in repairing it, irked the residents.They first reached Kanpur-Lucknow highway and tried to block it. Later, they reached Chabileypurwa substation and sat on dharna. The locals manhandled the staff present there and raised anti-Kesco slogans.The agitators said that they had been forced to live without power for last three days. There are two substations in these areas. The locals said that the Kesco staff at Ompurwa substation said that the fault has occurred in the jurisdiction of Chabileypurwa substation. The Chabileypurwa substation staff said that the area is not under their jurisdiction. As a result, the fault remained attended.The mob took away the transformer trolley and thrashed the Kesco staff. The incident took place at Chabileypurwa substation. The mob then reached Manohar Nagar and placed the trolley next to the damaged transformer.The crowd kept on raising anti-Kesco slogans and said that the officials were not paying heed to the problems faced by them as a result they were forced to protest on roads. The said that they are living without water for past two days.Senior Kesco officials ordered the subordinates to attend the fault immediately. The officials said that the staff was busy in locating the fault.At the time of filling of this report, the affected areas were without power. A resident of the area said that the Kesco linesmen were busy in locating the fault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346594", "title": "Gold chain snatched", "text": "CHENNAI: Two men on Saturday night snatched a five sovereign gold chain from Sarada (65), a curry leaves vendor at Koyambedu market. Sarada, the only wholesale dealer of curry leaves in the market, was busy unloading the stuff from her lorry, when two men snatched the chain off her neck and fled.The Koyambedu police are conducting enquiries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11348310", "title": "Indian poised for new role with Zimbabwe Cricket", "text": "MANGALORE: It is almost common place these days for cricket bodies across the world to look outside their shores for talent to coach their national sides. While BCCI has roped in Duncan Fletcher to coach the Men in Blue, Cricket Australia has John Michael Arthur aka Mickey Arthur in that role. But, standing on the brink of settling into a different role with Zimbabwe Cricket is Joseph Rego, a Mangalorean, a leading sports agent for international cricketers.With Zimbabwe Cricket bosses out to select a person as their business development head in the next two-weeks, Joseph has emerged the front runner. Head of Heath Streak and Chris Cairns Foundations, Joseph, a product of St Xavier's College, Mumbai, came in contact with Heath Streak, former Zimbabwean skipper as his agent, 12-years-ago. His association with Zimbabwean side has grown ever since and he now shares a close rapport with them.Currently the vice president and head - entertainment and sports management, Magnum Intergrafiks Pvt Ltd, Joseph confirmed to TOI that he was in the race for the post business development head of Zimbabwe Cricket. If selected, Joseph said he would be in charge of marketing the Zimbabwe national side, finding sponsors and ensuring that cricket business blossoms in that nation, thereby bringing economic spinoffs for the African nation.The biggest challenge in his career, Joseph reckons would come as and when he gets the nod from Zimbabwe Cricket.\"It is rare for Indians to bag major international cricketing assignments outside the area of coaching,\" he said, adding that his intricate knowledge of the manner in which cricket functions and experience in organising various global cricket events should stand him in good stead when Zimbabwe makes up its mind.Not a total stranger to assignments with International cricket teams, Joseph has successfully dabbled with organising major events that includes the International Cricket Council (ICC) Cricket Week, a weeklong cricket extravaganza organized by the ICC in Dhaka to promote cricket in developing Asian countries. In 2001, he organized a unique and exclusive auction of cricket memorabilia of the legendary Sir Donald Bradman, in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345206", "title": "CBI to take over Ishrat probe on January 5", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI team which has been constituted to probe the Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case of 2004 will officially take over investigations on Thursday. The slight delay in this official procedure can be attributed to the fact that the Gujarat High Court appointed Special Investigation Team does not wish take any chances.It was on December 1 that Gujarat high court had issued orders to hand over the Ishrat Jahan investigation to CBI. Prior to this the HC had formed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to probe the case. Five IPS officers posted in the central government who were chosen to head the probe got changed during course of the investigations. The SIT also included two Gujarat IPS officers.In its final report the SIT had concluded that the encounter was stage-managed. On December 15, CBI registered a fresh FIR in this case at its Mumbai headquarters. Deputy SP of CBI, Kalai Mani has been appointed to supervise the investigations.Last week Mani and his team reached Ahmedabad to take charge of the case. However the CBI sleuths were told by SIT officials that the chairman, R R Verma, will himself handover charge of this case and that will take place on Thursday since he is out of station.SIT officials said that all precautionary measures are being taken to ensure that the transfer fiasco in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case between CID (Crime) and CBI is not repeated. In the Tulsiram case, CBI had blamed the CID authorities of not handing over crucial documents connected to the case. The controversy had deepened over missing CD containing phone call records of all cops accused in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case.To avoid these goof-ups, Verma himself wants to hand over all case papers to the probe agency. After handing over charge on Thursday, said sources, Verma shall intimate the HC and based on the court's order, the SIT shall be disbanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11347872", "title": "Six hurt as bus overturns", "text": "KANPUR: As many as six persons were injured when a bus overturned near Tat Mill crossing on Monday. Ambika Prasad, a resident of Kahu Kothi, who was on his way to his house from Koylanagar area on a cycle sustained serious wounds. He was admitted to a nearby hospital. Others were discharged after first-aid.The bus overturned when the driver tried to save Prasad coming from opposite direction. The bus was on the way to Naubasta from Ghantaghar.Arrested: Monu Mahendra Rajput of Unnao, Mayank Awasthi and Sahil Kushwaha of Barra were arrested with countrymade firearms, cartridges and two stolen motorcycles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11345999", "title": "Hospitals to be ramped up to check infant deaths", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a bid to bring down the infant mortality rate, the district unit of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) is planning a proposal to beef up hospital infrastructure in government and private hospitals in the district. The plan is likely to be ready in two weeks and will be submitted to the state government.The current IMR in the district is 12 per 1,000 births and effort of NRHM is to bring it down to 6 per 1,000 births. According to Dr A Baburaj, district programme manager, NRHM, the proposal will include detailed information on staff and equipment required at government hospitals. It will also give impetus to training programmes for doctors and paramedical staff.The NRHM will also suggest ramping up the gynaecology wards of government hospitals and setting up of blood banks and transfusion centres. It will give priority to pre-delivery awareness programmes and immunization drives. \"We are planning to organize training programme for private hospital doctors and staff on the modern technologies used in gynecology,\" says Dr Baburaj.Reduction of Mother Mortality Rate ( MMR) will also be given impetus under the next five year plan. Besides, a comprehensive plan to prevent communicable disease in the district will also be proposed. Cleanliness drive and awareness programmes on the need for proper waste management system will also be included in the proposal. \"We will recommend the government to set up high-tech health care centres for early detection and treatment of non-communicable diseases,\" said Baburaj.The current IMR in the district is 12 per 1,000 births and effort of NRHM is to bring it down to 6 per 1,000 birthsThe proposal will include detailed information on staff and equipment required at government hospitals. It also give impetus to training programmes for doctors and paramedical staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346320", "title": "Clouds keep max temperature down", "text": "LUCKNOW: After record breaking rains on the first day of 2012, weather in the city was cloudy but calm on Monday. The overcast skies kept maximum temperatures down, while minimum temperature was high in the night. The weatherman said that no significant changes are expected in Tuesday's weather conditions. There is also a possibility of fog in the morning and night.People woke up to foggy and overcast skies. The maximum temperature during the day was 17.4 degrees Celsius, six degrees below normal, and minimum temperature was 11.4 degree Celsius, two degrees above normal. Humidity levels were high due to rainfall received on Sunday. The Met department predicted that 'cold day' conditions and 'warm night' will continue for the next 24 hours, but may normalise thereafter.Though the weather remained calm, people continued to suffer on account of electricity breakdown in many parts of the city following Sunday's heavy rainfall. The potholed streets also posed a problem due to waterlogging. At many places, the mud dug up for laying of sewer lines made streets slippery and driving difficult, particularly for the two wheelers. Several accidents were reported in the city and outskirts in last 24 hours.While on Sunday most parts of the stated recorded heavy rains, the activity reduced on Monday and rainfall was reported from only few parts of east UP, Terai region and Bundelkhand. While total rainfall in Bahraich in last 24 hours was 35.4 mm, Hardoi recorded 29.4 mm, and Lakhimpur Kheri 26 mm. The rain gauge read 15.3 mm in Jhansi and 10.4 in Shahjahanpur. Banda and Ballia recorded identical rainfall of 7.2 mm, Ghazipur and Allahabad got 12 mm and 2 mm respectively.Rains and cloudy weather were caused due to a low pressure area generated over west UP on Saturday. The change was caused because of high temperatures recorded last weak. The low pressure area moved towards central and east UP on Sunday. It weakened on Monday, but its impact was visible in the form of cloudy skies in most parts of the state and light to moderate rainfall in few parts.According to the central Met department, maximum temperatures in UP on Monday were 4-8 degrees below normal and minimum temperatures were 2-6 degrees above normal. Rainfall can occur at isolated places in the state on Tuesday. It also predicted formation of fog in some parts. Also, a fresh western disturbance would affect western Himalayan region and adjoining plains of northwest India from January 5 onward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346575", "title": "Guidelines regarding housing of exotic animals drafted", "text": "PUNE: Guidelines about the size of enclosures, number of animals that can be kept in an enclosure, safety measures, minimum size of the water body if required and landscapes requirement of exotic animals have been prepared by a sub-committee of expert group on zoo designing formed by the Central Zoo Authority.The committee's guidelines on minimum dimensions of enclosures for housing exotic animals of different species await approval from the ministry of environment and forests ( MoEF). Comments and suggestions on the guidelines have been invited from civil society, scientists, stakeholders and public to make necessary changes by January 8.There are 137 species of exotic animals and birds housed in various Indian zoos. As per the draft guidelines, the maximum number of animals that can be displayed in a single enclosure shall vary from species to species.Raj Kumar Jadhav director Katraj zoo said that the zoo does not have any exotic species. The Mumbai zoo, Veermata Jijabai Bhosale Udyan, houses 13 exotic species.Anil Anjankar, director the zoo, told TOI that the guideline will definitely fulfill the requirements of the exotic species.He said that they have altogether 160 exotic animals in the zoo. Three hippopotamus and 157 birds of 13 species are there at present. These species have been procured through the exchange programmes between different zoos.According to the guideline, the enclosures with greater depth help animals keep a safe distance from visitors. The area of the enclosure should have adequate land space for facilitating animals to have free movement and exercise, adequate area to rest in shade and bask in the sun and have safe refuge from dominant animals.\"The landscape around every animal exhibit or enclosure should comprise of plantations of appropriate tree and shrub species of adequate extent. For safety precaution, due care should be taken to ensure that no power line or power cable passes over any animal enclosure,'' the guideline states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11347992", "title": "Brew ban dampens Meghalaya festive spirit", "text": "SHILLONG: The Northeast is home to a myriad culture, traditions and an exotic variety of country brews distilled from fermented fruits and rice. However, this indigenous drink is banned at homes and the Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) rules the market. For festive occasions like New Year when everyone wants to ring in good times with a glass in hand, the ban is a damper.Branded as \" illicit liquor\", customs sleuths regularly raid joints where the local liquor is clandestinely sold. The brew comes cheap compared to IMFL and is not only consumed by many after a hard day's work but also offered generously to the divine and mortals during festivals.In Meghalaya, the Ka Kiad um and Ka Kiad hiar made from either rice or millet in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills and Dika or Bitchi of the Garo Hills (also rice based) are a favourite among locals. Both the concoctions are crystal clear with tempting flavours. Brews made from locally available fruits, especially the star fruit, is also a favourite in the Garo Hills.In both Khasi and Garo Hills, the local brew is of socio-cultural and religious significance. Rice-beer (ka'iad um) is a necessity for practically all Khasi and Synteng (Jaintia) religious ceremonies. It is the custom of the officiating priest to pour liberal quantities of the liquor from a hollow gourd (u klong) and offer to the gods on these occasions.The refreshing drink of Bitchi of the Garos is used not just for merrymaking but also for offering to the deity Salgra or the Sun God. Rice beer is also of religious importance among the Atong sub-tribe of the Garo Hills. It is used in abundance during a ritual called Chugan, which is performed to send the sprit of the deceased to the land of the dead.\"Chu\", meaning rice beer, symbolizes a moment of grief and enjoyment. Though it is difficult to find rice beer in the open in the Garo Hills today as most of the tribals have converted to Christianity, there are a few Songsarek (villages of Garos adhering to indigenous faith), where one can savour the local brew. Nevertheless, the sale and consumption of the local brew continues to be treated as illegal in the wet state of Meghalaya, prompting many a connoisseur of the home-made drink to question the government's motive.\"Why not legalize the local stuff? After all, it is clandestinely sold and consumed by locals on a daily basis and is of great significance during religious functions,\" asked an elderly person, who is a regular with the drink.He reasoned, \"By legalizing the sale and monitoring the manufacture, it can also be ensured that spurious liquor is not sold. The government can also earn revenue like it is doing from the IMFL.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345848", "title": "DRDO works on next-generation radiological defence equipment", "text": "NEW DELHI: DRDO chief controller Dr W Selvamurthy said NBC defence inventory held by armed forces include 64 products for detection, protection, medical management and decontamination, both at individual and collective levels.With early detection being of critical importance, well-equipped rapid response teams need to be stationed in all major centres to handle NBC threats. DRDO has collaborated with the home ministry to formulate and upgrade standard operating protocols (SOPs) to deal with \"all NBC eventualities\".\"Non-state actors either independently or in collusion with state adversaries (read Pakistan) can employ NBC materials as a low-cost, high impact option to destabilize India...We have to be prepared,\" said Dr Selvamurthy.\"A state can use a proxy like al-Qaida, for instance, to deliver biological warfare agents like plaque, anthrax , typhoid, SARS etc. Biological agents are easier and cheaper to develop then nuclear weapons and are potentially far more destructive than chemical agents to unprotected military forces or civilian populations,\" he added.Then, there is the very real threat of terror outfits gaining some access to enriched uranium, nuclear components or know-how in Pakistan . DRDO feels \"dirty\" bombs, basically radiological dispersal devices combining radioactive material with suitable explosives, in the hands of non-state actors pose \"a significant potential threat\".Having also worked with National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) to develop guidelines and train quick-reaction teams, DRDO is focusing on the next-generation of NBC defence equipment under a Rs 285-crore project approved by the Cabinet Committee on Security. These include nanotechnology-based sensors for detection of biological and chemical agents, vehicle-mounted as well as stand-alone detection systems for chemical warfare agents, micro UAV (unmanned aerial vehicles) and remotely operated NBC reconnaissance systems, advanced inflatable shelters impervious to liquid and solid NBC agents for at least 48 hours, multi-purpose decontamination systems and the like.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345223", "title": "CBI questions Amit Shah in Tulsiram Prajapati case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat's former junior home minister Amit Shah has been questioned by CBI in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case. Shah was earlier arrested by the probe agency on charges of masterminding the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter.The questioning was carried out under a veil of secrecy at Delhi last week. After being arrested in the Sohrabuddin case, Shah has been directed by the Supreme Court not to enter Gujarat . CBI officials met him in Delhi.Shah, said CBI sources, was questioned on his numerous telephonic conversations with two IPS officers linked to the Tulsiram shooting in December 2006. Shah's mobile phone records show that he was in constant touch with deputy inspector general (DIG) of police, D G Vanzara and superintendent of police, Rajkumar Pandian. Both have already been arrested in Sohrabuddin case.Shah has denied all the charges and has told the CBI that he had spoken to the two IPS officers in connection with absconding robber Kirit Dhoom. Pandian, who was back then posted in the ATS, was supervising interception of Kirit's calls. Shah denied that he had any knowledge about the Tulsiram encounter prior to the incident.CBI also questioned Shah why he had transferred Vanzara just 13 days before the Tulsiram encounter. Vanzara was then transferred from ATS to the post of DIG (border range) in Kutch. Tulsiram was gunned in the fake encounter in Banaskantha which falls under the Border Range DIG's jurisdiction. Shah has claimed that the transfer was an administrative move and was in no way connected to the Tulsiram encounter.The CBI team probing this case will reach Gandhingar on Tuesday. \"Some more people will be summoned after this for questioning. Some other cops, who are already behind bars, will be questioned in jail,\" said CBI sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349820", "title": "I follow my instinct: Padmapriya", "text": "Padmapriya, the svelte actress who won accolades for her outstanding performance in Naayika, is conscious about her hair and is not ready to shear her long and thick black tress for any movie. But she is quick to add that if the script demands it she might give in.\"If I am offered a character that demands me to go bald, I would definitely give it a thought. I love my hair, but if the script is that brilliant I would take up such roles,\" says Padmapriya. The actress is more than delighted to take up such roles for director Quentin Tarantino's movies, as his movies like Pulp Fiction is like an epic in the film industry.Padmapriya is a very practical and non-materialistic person who always follows her instincts. \"I have not thought about taking up such roles, as I follow my instinct to go about with anything important in my life,\" says Padmapriya, who is busy with her next Malayalam biopic project, Ivan Megharoopan. Padmapriya's latest blockbuster Naayika, in which she had the role as an actress of the 70s, had created waves at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11346692", "title": "Tribal areas undergoing socio-economic transformation in Himachal: Study", "text": "SHIMLA: Some of the tribal areas in Himachal are undergoing significant socio-economic development changes in terms of literacy, educational patterns, societal structure and other aspects according to a study, 'Socio-economic development in tribal areas of HP since inception of tribal sub-plan 1974', conducted under the aegis of Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR) by a geographer of Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) Dr B R Thakur in the five notified tribal regions of Kinnaur, Lahaul, Spiti, Pangi and Bharmaur.Thakur said, \"Anthropologically HP cannot be termed a tribal state, yet it is inhabited by significant tribes which constitute nearly 4% of the total population. The tribal socio-cultural milieu in Himachal is unique in terms of certain cultural aspects. Facing hostile topographical conditions, extreme cold and dry agro-climatic conditions, a non-industrialized economy and limited basic infrastructural facilities, the tribes are not homogenous groups and some continue to be backward despite development programmes having been implemented.\"Polyandry and polygamy marriage practices are on the decline and the incidence of child marriages has declined in almost all the tribal areas. About 64% of the residents of these sample households talked in Hindi despite having their own tribal dialects. The proportion of nuclear families was higher than joint families, indicating a changing social milieu within the tribal region. Overall literacy rates of the region have increased and female literacy has also increased significantly from 7.31% in 1971 to 50% in 2001 and gender disparity in this regard has declined. Enrollment in primary education has increased but it has not increased at the same pace in secondary and higher education.The housing and sanitation conditions have improved, particularly in Kinnaur, Lahaul and Spiti. There has been a continuous increase in the proportion of people living in 'pucca' houses, having toilets and in-house water connections in all the areas. There has been growth in LPG connections, TV sets, newspaper and cell phones. More people are exposed to communication and media facilities in Lahaul, Kinnaur and Spiti than Bharmaur and Pangi blocks, according to the study. The cropping pattern has changed in these areas and traditional crops including small millet have been replaced by pulses and non-food grain crops like apple.The pace of transformation in the tribal region is higher in Kinnaur, Lahaul and Bharmaur due to suitable agro-climatic conditions and better accessibility. The cropping pattern of the region is still dominated by food grains except Kinnaur district where apple cultivation continues to dominate the cropping pattern.Thakur said, \"The study was conducted to assess social transformation of tribal people, social and demographic characteristics, economic transformation, modernization of agriculture, changing occupational patterns, work participation rates, workforce structure, physical and social infrastructural development in education, healthcare, drinking water, electricity, roads and communication facilities, besides other aspects.\" A total of 1,132 households were surveyed in the five regions for the study taking samples of villages from each region and the sampling criteria included one community block headquarter, the largest populated but accessible village and the largest populated but inaccessible village as per census 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11343897", "title": "Schoolbus owners to wait and watch", "text": "MUMBAI: Members of the School Bus Owners' Association finally have positive assurances to look forward to.On Monday evening, SBOA representatives met the state transport secretary, S K Sharma, with a list of seven changes that they wanted to be included in the School Bus Safety Policy. The transport department has assured SBOA of positive changes within 10 days and requested them to defer their strike.\"We deliberated over the seven demands and the transport secretary understood our problem. The department has asked for 10 days to make the changes in the Government Resolution ,\" said Deepak Naik, a representative of SBOA. They have also been told that another meeting will be called within these 10 days to get clarity on the issues at hand.SBOA had earlier alleged that RTO officials, in guise of conducting checks, were harassing bus drivers and contractors. They also added that on many occasions, contractors were fined for \"anomalies\" that were not included on the safety list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11346139", "title": "NSS' civil service academy to be opened on July 1", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The Nair Service Society's civil service academy will start functioning in Thiruvananthapuram from July 1, 2012. This was announced by NSS general secretary G Sukumaran Nair during the Mannam jayanti celebrations at Perunna on Monday.The institute, named NSS Academy for Civil Services ( NACS), is coming up in a building owned by the NSS in Thiruvananthapuram. The renovation work is almost over.Former ambassador Sreenivasan, vice-chairman of the Kerala State Higher Education Council, is the advisor of the academy.Nair unveiled the brochure of the academy while delivering the welcome address. \"We have given the full responsibility of the academy to Sreenivasan,\" he said.The chief minister, in his inaugural speech, congratulated Sukumaran Nair and his team for taking the decision to start the academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11344918", "title": "New Lokayukta Act comes into force", "text": "PATNA: Without waiting for the passage of the Lokpal Bill in Parliament, Bihar government has implemented its new Lokayukta Act. The Act came into force once the governor gave his nod to the related bill and a notification was issued on December 30.As per the provisions of this Act, incumbent Lokayukta Chandra Mohan Prasad has been re-designated as Chief Lokayukta or chairman. The Act stipulates that the Lokayukta appointed prior to the commencement of this Act shall continue as the first chairperson till the completion of his term.\"Soon, the process of appointment of two more Lokayuktas will be started,\" said senior minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhary on Monday. \"Earlier, the Lokayukta was just an individual, now it is an institution,\" he added.The two other members will be chosen by a selection panel comprising chairman of the Bihar legislative council as convener, Speaker of the Bihar legislative assembly, two senior sitting judges of the Patna high court nominated by the chief justice as members and the immediate outgoing Lokayukta.Chaudhary said of the two members of Lokayukta, one will be essentially from judicial background. \"For the lone seat of Lokayukta to be appointed from other fields, the public and other organizations can also suggest names on the website, which will be considered by the search committee,\" he said. No person with political connection will be considered for appointment as Lokayukta. The appointment will be made by the governor on the recommendation of the selection panel. However, there is no provision of reservation in appointment of Lokayukta.The Lokayukta Act has many provisions to keep its scope wide to contain corruption. Chief minister, ministers, legislators and public servants come under its purview.For transparency in the selection of Lokayuktas, the Act has also made provision for a search committee. The names shortlisted by this committee will be considered by the selection committee. The search committee will consist of five persons of impeccable integrity and eminence in public life. They will be selected from among retired Chief Justices of India, retired judges of Supreme Court, retired chief justices and judges of high courts, retired Chief Election Commissioners of India and others who have not joined any political party after retirement and who are not holding any office under any government.Chief minister Nitish Kumar has termed the state's new Lokayukta Act as better than what was proposed in the Centre's Lokpal Bill. The new Lokayukta office will have more teeth, said Nitish, as the Lokayukta will constitute an investigative wing for the purpose of conducting investigation of any offence under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. Till such time the investigation wing is constituted, the state government will make available such number of investigation officers and other staff as asked by the Lokayukta for carrying out investigation under this Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344404", "title": "47 ACF posts upgraded to DFOs", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to assuage neglected state cadre employees, the government has finally upgraded 47 posts of assistant conservators of forests (ACFs) as divisional forest officers (DFOs). A notification to this effect was issued on December 22.With this upgradation, there will be 372 posts of ACFs instead of existing 411. Similarly, DFO cadre will go up to 138 from existing 91, senior officials said.A proposal in this regard was under consideration since 2009. The idea behind upgrading these posts is that forest protection and conservation responsibilities have gone up after change in administrative set of the forest department. Besides, state officials were deprived of even one promotion during their service period of 25-30 years, which led to low morale.\"We identified important posts of ACFs and upgraded them to DFOs. A departmental promotion committee (DPC) will meet soon to finalize appointments as per the seniority list by March,\" said a top official.Most of the upgraded posts are with the wildlife wing. Now, Pench Tiger Reserve (PTR) and Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) will have two DFOs each. Till now, despite responsibilities going up, there were no DFOs in both tiger reserves.In Pench, of the two posts of ACFs, one will be upgraded to DFO while the post of ACF (tendu), Bhandara, will be upgraded to DFO (Pench-II).Similarly, the existing post of ACF with Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) will be upgraded as DFO while a post of ACF (forest labour cooperative society), Wadsa, will be upgraded and brought under TATR field director.The lone post of ACF in additional PCCF, Nagpur, East, will also be upgraded. The Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP), Borivali, will also get three DFOs. A post of ACF (territorial) in Gondia will be upgraded as DFO (wildlife).In Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR), the post of ecotourism officer will be a DFO now. Besides, the post of research officer with MTR will be DFO (wildlife research).The government is on a promotion spree since last year. First it upgraded and promoted IFS officials. Later, 175 foresters were promoted as range forest officers (RFOs). Last month, 143 posts of RFOs were promoted as ACFs but are awaiting postings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345333", "title": "GTU gears up for its first convocation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) held a board of governors meeting on Monday to discuss details for its upcoming convocation on January 19. This is the university's first convocation and 3,900 students will receive their degrees in various courses including MBA, MCA, MPharm and Masters in Engineering.The board which includes senior bureaucrats, discussed increasing allowances of the university's employees from 5 to 10 percent and recruitment of 30 office bearers. GTU does not have permanent employees other than one peon. The functioning of the institute has been dependent on visiting faculties. It also gave consent for granting degrees to the students as well as respective punishments for students who were caught cheating in examinations.The board of governors also decided three dress codes for convocation, one for the chief guest and vice chancellor, and others for the faculties and students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345361", "title": "Medical teachers go on leave en masse", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 2,500 teachers of government medical and dental colleges in the state went on casual leave (CL) en masse on Monday in protest against the state government's apathy in resolving issue of salary hike.The teachers have demanded that the state government should hike their salaries as per the University Grants Commission (UGC) norms. They have threatened to go on indefinite strike from Monday if their demand is not met.The medical teachers had also staged demonstration on Saturday. On Monday, medical teachers of the B J Medical College went on leave and organized a 'satya-narayan' havan .Secretary of Gujarat Medical Teacher's Association (GMTA) Dr J C Makwana said that despite having higher degrees, higher educational qualification and putting in more hours at work shouldering twin responsibility of treating patients in hospital as well teaching students in the medical college, the salary of government medical and dental teachers is less that teachers in arts, commerce and science colleges.\"The issue is pending for two and a half years. After the recent strike, the government officials had assured us that our salaries would be brought on par with other college teachers by giving us benefits as stipulated by the UGC. The government also issued a GR but it does not allow us full benefits,\" said Dr Makwana.He said that the government has done little except issue regular assurances which has led to frustration in medical faculty fraternity. \"The teachers have decided to embark on indefinite strike if the government fails to hike their salaries as per the norms,\" said Dr Makwana.It needs mention that there are nearly 1,500 medical teachers who have the support of the medical associations as well as junior doctors' association. If the teachers go on strike, not only medical teaching, but health services in hospitals will also severely suffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346619", "title": "Rajbala Malik elected city mayor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Riding piggyback on the support of the nine nominated councillors, the Congress on Sunday managed a thumping win in the mayoral polls, bagging the posts of mayor, senior deputy mayor and deputy mayor. The victory ensures that the party 'reign' in the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation continues for the fifth year in a row.The wide winning margin makes it amply clear that the ruling party received complete support of the nominated councillors. This time, all the six candidates in the race were first-time councillors. There were three women in the race for the mayor's post. Out of the 36 votes polled, Congress candidate Rajbala Malik got 21 votes, Asha Jawal 12 and Jannat Jahan-ul-Haq 2. One vote was declared invalid as the stamp was affixed on the name of the candidate instead of box in front of her name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11343998", "title": "Three burglars nabbed", "text": "NAGPUR: Pachpaoli police netted three suspects during their routine patrolling last Friday night. The suspects later admitted to having committed a series of thefts in the city at different places in the last couple of months. Police have recovered cash Rs 1.14 lakh from the trio and also seized a bike used in the offences.The suspects, identified as Vijay Shah, Habib Pathan and Rajendra Kamble, apparently were found under suspicious circumstances. Police had found Rs 5,500 cash with them but they were not able to reveal its source.During investigation, the trio were found to be behind the theft at a shop near Mata Mandir at Teka Naka last year. They also confessed to being involved in a theft at a publication office where they had managed to lay their hands upon Rs 2.81 lakh cash.Police also managed to detect another theft at Jaripatka during custodial interrogation where the trio had stolen cash around Rs 1.05 lakh. The cops managed to recover the cash from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346418", "title": "Clueless about curbing pollution", "text": "PUNE: Various surveys have put Pune among the most polluted cities in the last few years, but the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and its elected members have not drafted a comprehensive policy to assess the pollution and its impact on citizens.All initiatives to curb pollution including the project to first map and then find ways to offset the city's carbon footprint has never gained momentum . The civic body, as part of its mission to address climate change by calculating the city's carbon emission , had planned to measure the impact of human activities on the environment to find out the amount of greenhouse gases produced and accordingly plan mitigation. However, for five years while politicians got projects like naming gardens, roads and the approval of funds for cultural celebrations, not a single question was raised on a comprehensive plan to combat pollution.The presence of the elected representatives to the special general body meetings (once or twice a year) to discuss the Environment Status Report (ESR) reflected the interest level of the corporators. In the recent past, corporators have turned up in full strength for GB meetings on two issues - an increase in their honorarium and the conversion of green belt areas into residential zones.However, in July 2011, the ESR 2011-12 found only a few takers. Just three of the 144 corporators were present from the start, and the number rose to 30 by the end of the meeting. Evidently, the city's environmental issues are not of much significance to them, observers said. Not a single elected representative from the ruling NCP and Congress, except the leader of the house Subhash Jagtap, was present when the meeting started . Many civic officials also skipped the meeting.Moreover, the civic body's environment cell remains one of the most neglected departments with hardly any planned work. \"The PMC prepared the ESR every year to take a review of the pollution status in the city. We do not have a mechanism to implement the recommendations,\" head of the cell Mangesh Dighe, said. He added that as of now the civic body has no comprehensive plan or survey to tackle pollution.Not a single recommendation in the ESR has been executed till date. In 1990s, the report expressed deep concern over pollution in the Mutha and Mula rivers due to discharge of untreated sewage water and rising air pollution. The 2000-2001 report had similar views as did the 2009-10 ESR and the one in 2010-11 .The civic body and medical practitioners agree that a comprehensive health survey was imperative considering the drastic rise in cases of bronchitis, wheezing, common cold, skin rashes, eye infections and asthma cases. A comprehensive effort was initiated late in 1996 when the Indian Medical Association had conducted a survey on the impact of pollution on citizens. The comprehensive survey results were submitted to then municipal commissioner Ramanath Jha. However, the PMC never acted on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11346162", "title": "Dalit panchayat chief resigns over officials' incompetence", "text": "MADURAI: The president of the reserved panchayat of Silukkuvarpatti in Nilakottai panchayat union, Dindigul district, has resigned owing to inaction on the part of officials, who he claims are not committed to the welfare of the people and demand bribes for the smallest work.A Ramachandran (62) said his panchayat comprised 11 villages, a population of about 12,000 and 7,500 voters.\"When I first came to power in 2006, I decided that serving the people in an unbiased manner would be my priority and was able to achieve my goal to some extent,\" he said.With the AIADMK coming to power in the state and being voted as the panchayat president for the second time, Ramachandran says he had been positive that the panchayat would develop faster under a proactive leadership. But his dreams were short-lived. He says the chief minister was dedicated to the people, but not her officers.One major problem that his panchayat faced was drinking water.\"We have two comprehensive water schemes that do not deliver. One solution is to implement the Pulvetti tank scheme, but the district administration has been non-committal about the Rs 468 crore estimate,\" he said.Moreover, Ramachandran says the tahsildar and revenue officials were demanding bribes to get even the smallest work done and that it was not easy to even get an old age or widow pension for his people. The electricity board is demanding money from farmers who got free power connections during the previous government. About 80 people have been affected, he adds.Kavirayapuram in his village was inundated during the recent rains and he had sought the BDO's approval and estimate to carry out repair works on the roads using sand, but it was not given, Ramachandran claims. \"It is not that the panchayat coffers were empty. We managed to save about Rs 4.5 lakh during the last term, but as the BDO's estimate was delayed, I had to use my own funds to lay roads and faced big problems in getting it reimbursed,\" he said.In spite of repeated requests for funds for development, he says he was not able to source any and hence he decided to step down as president. \"What is the use of being a people's representative if I am unable to serve my people. So I tendered my resignation,\" he said.As it is a reserved panchayat, his resignation was not accepted immediately, and a meeting of officials including the PA (elections) to the collector, BDO and panchayat members was held. Ramachandran too was extended an invitation, but he did not attend it. The collector accepted Ramachandran's resignation based on the outcome of the meeting and vice-president Santhakumar was given additional charge on January 1.P Velmurugan, a labourer, said Ramachandran was the most people-friendly president and that the villagers including women wanted to stage a demonstration against his resignation, but the president himself asked us to be non-violent.\"We urged him not to resign but he did so in the interest of people like me. We will definitely vote him back to power in the byelection that will be held in six months,\" said Muthiah, a villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348730", "title": "Lakshmi Manchu: Kollywood calling", "text": "Actress-producer Lakshmi Manchu recently launched her film, Production No 1, a Tamil-Telugu bilingual, in the city.The film, directed by Shekar Raja, has music by Bobo Sashi. The film also marks the return of Manoj Manchu, whose Nenu Meeku Telusa...? released in Tamil as Ennai Theriyuma? Deeksha Seth, Sonu Sood, Manobala and K Bhagyaraj are also part of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11351051", "title": "Protest against medical college HoD rotation system", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The rotation system to be implemented in Medical College Hospitals for head of department (HoD) posts is running into a controversy with a section of professors protesting against this move. The professors have decided to object this move as they fear that they will have to work under their juniors once the rotation system is introduced.As per the health department proposal, the rotation system will be such wherein a doctor can occupy the HoD post for three years. Once in three years there will be shifting of the HoDs. \"But the main point of contention is the health department has decided to include additional professors also along with professors for this post under the rotation system,'' said a senior doctor of the Medical College Hospital, Thiruvananthapuram.The professors are worried that the HoDs will have a key role in deciding the surgery tables in several crucial departments like general surgery. \"Hence there will be a conflict of interest in giving surgery tables when a junior occupies the post of HoD,'' said a professor working with Kottayam Medical College.Though the previous government had come with the same proposal in 2008, it was not implemented. Now the health department has decided to implement this. The authorities' decision has been hailed by the Kerala Government Medical College Teachers' Association (KGMCTA). The association has extended its support to the government in implementing this in all the medical colleges.However, dejected with the attitude of KGMCTA, the professors of the government-run medical colleges are now thinking of coming together under a single banner for demanding their rights. The professors who are objecting to this move are now mobilising their counterparts from all the five medical colleges to protest against the rotation system.The decision to include associate professors in the rotation system has been taken following the enhancement of the retirement age of doctors of medical colleges. Many of the present additional professors have lost the opportunity to become HoDs following the enhancement of the retirement age. In the present system, an HoD post is occupied by a professor till he retires.With the new rotation system, the health department intends to satisfy all sections of doctors who are eligible for the post. It is also expected that this decision will cut down the attrition of doctors from the Medical College Hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348951", "title": "Energy savings in the cloud", "text": "Cloud proponents often cite the ability to rapidly scale resources as the initial driver behind cloud migration. This elasticity lets organizations dial up -- and dial down -- compute power, storage and apps -- to match changes in demand.The resulting efficiency boost cuts cost and makes for a solid business case. But the cloud also has a green side: The technology, when deployed with care, can significantly reduce your power usage and carbon footprint.The linchpin cloud technologies -- virtualization and multi-tenancy -- support this dual role. Virtualization software lets organizations shrink the server population, letting IT departments run multiple applications -- packaged as virtual machines -- on a single physical server. Storage arrays can also be consolidated and virtualized. This process creates resource pools that serve numerous customers in a multi-tenant model.Enterprises that recast their traditional data centers along cloud lines, creating so-called private clouds, have an opportunity to move toward energy conservation. A number of metrics have emerged to help chart that course. Power usage effectiveness (PUE), SPECpower, and utilization in general are among the measures that can help organizations track their progress.IT managers, however, must remain watchful to root out inefficient hardware and data center practices as they pursue the cloud's energy savings potential.Working in tandem EMC Corp has found that streamlined IT and energy savings work in tandem in its private cloud deployment. The company embarked on a consolidation and virtualization push as its IT infrastructure began to age.Jon Peirce, vice president of EMC private cloud infrastructure and services, describes the company's cloud as \"a highly consolidated, standardized, virtualized infrastructure that is multi-tenant within the confines of our firewall.\"EMC hosts multiple applications within the same standardized, multi-tenant infrastructure, he added.As for energy efficiency, virtualized storage has produced the greatest impact thus far. EMC, prior to the cloud shift, operated 168 separate storage infrastructure stacks across five data centers. In that setting, capacity planning became nearly impossible. The company started buffering extra capacity, which led to device utilization of less than 50 percent, explained Peirce.Poor utilization wasn't the only issue. EMC found storage to consume more electricity per floor tile than servers in its data centers.\"The first thing we did in our journey toward cloud computing was to take the storage component and collapse it to the smallest number we thought possible,\" says Peirce.EMC reduced 168 infrastructure stacks to 13, driving utilization up to about 70 percent in the process. Consolidation reduced the overall storage footprint, which now grows at a slower rate going forward since the company doesn't have to buffer as much.Storage tiering also contributed to energy reduction. In tiering, application data gets assigned to the most cost-effective -- and energy-efficient -- storage platform. EMC was able to re-platform many applications from tier-one Fibre Channel disk drives to SATA drives, higher-capacity devices that consume less electricity per gigabyte.\"That let us accommodate more data per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed,\" says Peirce.Moving data to energy-efficient drives contributed to the greening of EMC's IT.Together, tiering and consolidation cut EMC's data center power requirement by 34 percent, leading to a projected 90-million-pound reduction in carbon footprint over five years, according to an Enterprise Strategy Group audit.Getting the most from the cloud John Stanley , research analyst for data center technologies and eco-efficient IT at market researcher The 451 Group, said energy efficiency may be divided into two categories: steps organizations can take on the IT side, and steps they can take on the facilities side.On the IT side, the biggest thing a data center or private cloud operator can do to save energy is get as much work out of each hardware device as possible, says Stanley. Even an idle a server may consume 100 to 250 watts, so it makes sense to have it doing something, he notes.Taking care of the IT angle can save energy on the facilities side. Stanley says an organization able to consolidate its workload on half as many servers will spit out half as much heat. Less heat translates into lower air-conditioning requirements.\"When you save energy in IT, you end up saving energy in the facilities side as well,\" says Stanley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346678", "title": "Plan early, 2012 has fewer holidays than last year", "text": "MUMBAI: If you are planning your vacations in advance for this leap year, the good news is there are 96 straight holidays which include 53 Sundays, 24 second and fourth Saturdays and 19 government holidays.If the remaining 28 Saturdays are added to the list considering five-day weeks, the holidays go up to 124 days. Seven of these holidays can be extended with just a day's leave, bringing the number of working days this year down to 235.Now the bad news: Five holidays will be lost to Sundays and second or fourth Saturdays. In fact, 2012 has fewer extended weekends and more public holidays on Saturdays or Sundays, compared to last year, which had 135 holidays, including possible extended weekends.Moreover, 2011 had fewer dry days.But to offset that are a few long weekends (where one holiday precedes or follows a Sunday or a second or fourth Saturday). The first one is from February 18 to 20 (Saturday to Mahashivratri on Monday), followed by March 23 to 25 (Gudipadwa on Friday to Sunday). The next one is from August 18 to 20 (Pateti on Saturday to Ramzan on Monday). Then there is the weekend from October 26 to 28 (Bakri Id on Friday to Sunday).Besides, some weekends can easily be extended with a day's leave. A four-day break from March 8 (Holi) to March 11, with March 9 as casual leave (CL), can bring a smile on your family's face. The chance for another extended holiday comes the next month when the weekend begins from April 5 (Mahavir Jayanti), followed by Good Friday on April 6. Year began with weekend party but has more dry daysThose working on Saturday can take a CL on April 7 to avail of an uninterrupted holiday till Sunday. Again, the April 28 weekend can stretch to May 1(Maharashtra Day/Labour Day), if one opts for CL on April 30. If you have a five-day week, then taking a holiday on October 1 will stretch the weekend from September 29 to October 2 (Gandhi Jayanti). Even those working on Saturday can at least get a three-day break. The long holiday from October 26 to 28 can begin earlier with a day's leave on October 25, as October 24 is Dassera.While Diwali is on November 13, a day's leave on November 12 (Monday) can light up the weekend right from November 10. It may get extended if Pratipada, the day after Laxmi Pujan, is also a holiday for your establishment. The last opportunity to extend the weekend in the year comes if one avails a day's leave on December 24 (Monday), making it a holiday from December 22-25.However, five major public holidays will be lost to Sundays and second and fourth Saturdays. Shivaji Jayanti is on February 19 in the Gregorian calendar and March 10 in the Hindu calendar, a Sunday and second Saturday respectively. Ambedkar Jayanti on April 14, Buddha Poornima on May 6, Muharrum on November 25 and Anant Chaturdashi on September 29 share the same fate.Collectors of various districts can announce some holidays at the local level. But thanks to the impending civic polls across the state, including the Mumbai region, this year will have more dry days than ever. Usually, sale and service of alcohol is closed for two days each before polling day and after, and certain days before, on, and after the counting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11349984", "title": "Drizzle keeps temperature down", "text": "Allahabad: Sporadic rains and drizzle continued to keep the mercury down on Monday. The city witnessed a thick cloud cover from early morning. The scattered drizzle throughout the day compelled the people to remain indoors.The minimum temperature stood at 8.3 degrees while the minimum was 14.6 degree Celsius. People were seen crowding coffee and tea stalls.With the rains, local markets selling winter garments also witnessed hectic shopping, including the seasonal Tibetan market.\"The chilly conditions are here to stay. Although the cloud cover will give way to sunshine in the next 48 hours, only to return and dip the mercury further,\" said SS Ojha of the department of geography, Allahabad University.The rainfall is good for wheat and rabi crop as fields would get additional moisture and thereby resulting into bumper harvest, said BN Singh of the same department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11346311", "title": "Reviews are a ruse to kill my mining report: Hegde", "text": "BANGALORE: The innumerable reviews of his report on illegal mining in Karnataka are only a ruse to kill the report once for all, believes former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde.Responding to one such review exonerating 191 police officers indicted by his report , Justice Hegde told TOI on Monday: \"The report on illegal mining is like an FIR. The government has to probe it and file a chargesheet.\"A preliminary inquiry by Bangalore City DCP (Intelligence ) VS D'Souza has concluded that there is no evidence to show that the 191 indicted police officers were paid bribe in the mining case.Referring to the finding of the preliminary inquiry that a pen drive could not be the basis for initiating action against the police officials , he said: \"It's for the court to decide whether the pen drive or its contents are substantial evidence to prove the charges against the tainted officials.\"He wondered how the government considered it appropriate to get a retired Supreme Court judge's report reviewed by a junior police officer.Home secy: No one is absolvedIs it a clean chit to the 191 police officers named in the Lokayukta report? Home department principal secretary S M Jaamdar says: \"The home department has not absolved them. D'Souza's report is only a fact-finding one to find out the witnesses and documents against each offender. D'Souza has examined each person named in the report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "dibrugarh/imphal", "code": "11347962", "title": "Four injured in blasts", "text": "DIBRUGARH/IMPHAL: Three persons were injured in a grenade explosionon the busy GNB Road in the heart of Tinsukia town on Monday. The bomb went off near Shankar Glass House at 6.10 pm, officials said. A source said three unidentified persons came in a car and lobbed the grenade at a glass shop and escaped. The explosion shattered the window panes of the store and also damaged a car parked nearby. The injured have been identified as Ajay Sharma, Terosh Shah and Ram Prasad. The condition of Shah is stated to be critical. He has been shifted to Assam Medical College and Hospital. The rest were taken to Tinsukia Civil Hospital.On the other hand, tension gripped Wahengbam Leikei in the heart of Imphal on Monday evening after suspected rebels triggered the first grenade explosion of the year injuring a woman. The blast took place around 6.30 pm at the residential complex of a businessman whose neighbour is a close aide of chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh. In the meantime, a grenade packed in a gift box was placed at the gate of a local vernacular daily in the morning. Though the motive is yet to be ascertained, it might be related to non-publication of a news released by a militant outfit. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "beijing/new delhi", "code": "11344478", "title": "Denied food and medicines, Indian diplomat in China collapses", "text": "BEIJING/NEW DELHI: India on Monday lodged a strong protest with China over the harassment of an Indian diplomat who collapsed after being denied food and medicines despite his diabetic condition during negotiations to free two Indians in a court at the city of Yiwu near Shanghai.The ministry of external affairs summoned Chinese deputy ambassador Zhang Yue after learning about S Balachandran, posted at the Indian Consulate in Shanghai, being maltreated by traders and local officials at Yiwu, a city known for its large commodity market, on December 31.Last Saturday, Balachandran was closeted in prolonged negotiations with some Chinese traders and courts to free Shyamsundar Agarwal and Deepak Raheja, who said they were kidnapped and tortured after the Yemeni trading firm they worked for failed to pay dues allegedly amounting to millions of yuan.The Indians claim to have been tortured by their captors who forced them to eat human excreta and drink urine after being held by Chinese traders livid at their dues not being settled. \"Please save us. We are afraid of leaving the police station because we might be killed,\" Agarwal told TOI over telephone from the police post where he is being held along with Raheja.According to Indian officials, Balachandran was stuck for over six hours in a room and the Chinese denied him food or medicine. Balachandran, who is a diabetic, is believed to have repeatedly asked for food but was not given any. When he finally emerged from the room, he was confronted with scared Indian traders and angry Chinese. He collapsed, and was rushed to hospital. On January 1, Balachandran was moved to Shanghai and is currently reported to be out of danger.\"We have been tortured for two weeks by traders. We have been beaten, made to do terrible things. Even the medical test done on court orders shows my mind has been affected by the torture,\" Raheja told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346843", "title": "Straight fight between Congress, BJP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the posts of senior deputy mayor and deputy mayor, it was a straight fight between the Congress and the BJP. Congress candidates Darshan Kumar Garg and Satish Kainth polled 23 votes each, defeating their rivals Deshraj Gupta and Malkiat Singh by 10 votes.The proceedings kicked off with the formal announcement of polls by presiding office Babu Lal. All 36 members of the house, including ex-officio member MP Pawan Kumar Bansal , cast their votes by turn.Initially, BJP councillor Arun Sood raised the issue of bar on use of cell phones not covering the entire area ''Last year, this had led to controversy and filing of an election petition. Secrecy of the votes is a must to prevent anything fishy,'' said Arun Sood. His party councillor Davesh Moudgill supported him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348792", "title": "No male dominated films for Vidya Balan", "text": "Refusing to get lost in a male dominated film, the actress opts out of Sanjay Gupta's Shootout At WadalaA close friend of the actress informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Shootout At Wadala is a male centric film. The heroine has quite a lot to do in it. But after The Dirty Picture, Vidya wants to avoid such roles.\" Vidya was supposed to play Manya Surve's girlfriend in the film based on Mumbai underworld.Interestingly, Ekta Kapoor , the other woman behind the success of Vidya's last release will be producing Shootout At Wadala as well. And though people may think that the actress' refusal to work on the new project might have soured the relationship between her and Ekta, a close friend of the actress assured, \"There is no animosity between Vidya and Ekta over Vidya's decision to opt out of the film. They have decided to work together in the near future.\"\"Vidya wants to work with Gupta. She loves his style of filmmaking. It's just that she does not want to get lost in a project crowded with a lot of men. It's just a natural progression in her career,\" added the friend.Vidya Balan and Sanjay Gupta remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11345123", "title": "Protesters force open Gurgaon toll gates for all", "text": "GURGAON: Protesters, who have been demanding the removal of two toll plazas on Gurgaon Expressway, forcibly opened the toll gates at Kherki Dhaula plaza for over half an hour on Monday.The incident took place after villagers from nearby areas held a meeting to plan their future course of action. The private developer managing the expressway said that it lost at least Rs 50,000 as toll revenue.Almost a month ago, on December 4, the same group had forcibly opened the toll gates of the 32-lane plaza. On Monday, the demonstration by the Toll Hatao Samiti and some of the residents' organizations also received support from the local BJP and INLD. The protesters sat on a dharna for around two hours before throwing the toll gates open, allowing free passage to all commuters.The committee head, Col Kunwar Bhardwaj, said the toll plaza had become a major reason for traffic jams in this part of Gurgaon. \"Gurgaon is the only city where two toll plazas have been allowed within 20km of municipal limits. The private company is doing nothing to improve road infrastructure,\" said Col Rattan Singh, chairman of JAFRA, a federation of citizens' groups.Attar Singh Sandhu, the organizing secretary of the committee, alleged that people were already paying several taxes. \"Despite that, people had been paying the toll charge but the private firm is not providing any facility,\" he said.The protesters have already set the 26 January deadline for the concessionaire to take steps to end the chaos on the e-way.The concessionaire Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd said both the toll plazas had been built at the locations approved and specified by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) under the concession agreement. It added that two foot overbridges and four underpasses had been built on the stretch according to the scope of work defined by NHAI.It added that three lanes would be added to the toll plaza by March. \"This expansion will substantially ease the traffic congestion and benefit the people in that region and those working at Manesar. We are constrained regarding any further expansion as NHAI has not been able to acquire and provide the committed land due to a case in the Supreme Court,\" a spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344316", "title": "Kherwadi car crash: Goradia was used to a right hand drive", "text": "MUMBAI: Irrespective of whether drunk driving was the prime cause of Friday's Kherwadi car crash or not, the fact that the car was being driven by a New York-based student should not be ignored, say seasoned travellers. The accused would be used to left-hand drive cars that are used in the US to follow their right-hand traffic rules, unlike in India where right-hand drive cars are used as the country has left-hand traffic rules.On Friday, Viral Goradia (27), after attending a party in south Mumbai, was driving to Juhu to drop his fiance when his car hit a road-divider in Kherwadi, killing her. The left-side of the car was damaged extensively. According to the police, Viral was drunk at the time of the accident.In India, left-hand traffic rules are followed-so for instance, pedestrians crossing a one-way traffic road will have to first look right, then on reaching the divider, one looks left for vehicles coming from the other direction. In most Western countries, it's the other way round.\"A person used to driving in India will find that driving in a country that follows a different pattern of traffic demands that extra bit of attention,'' says Thomas Simon, secretary of Western India Passengers Association.\"One's brain is programmed to follow a certain direction and then all of sudden when the traffic flows in the opposite direction, one has to check every manoeuvre,'' he adds.Simon lost a relative in a car crash in New Zealand about 10 years ago.\"He was attuned to right-hand traffic rules, but Auckland's traffic rules are similar to that of India, so they have right-hand drive cars and they follow left-hand traffic rule,'' he says.\"He got disoriented while taking a turn and the car went into a lake, killing two of its occupants,'' he adds. Another relative, who stays in Dubai , was involved in a crash in Kerala. \"He has vowed not to drive in India.''Subhash Motwani, director, Compact Travels, a travel agency, says even seasoned drivers need time to familiarize themselves when they drive in countries that follow different traffic rules. He says one has to pay more attention when driving and alcohol consumption adds to the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346522", "title": "Driving licences of 2,007 motorists suspended", "text": "PUNE: Driving licences of as many as 2,007 people were suspended last year for a period ranging from three to six months for serious traffic violations.These serious traffic violations include drunk driving, rash driving, and using mobile phone while driving. While the traffic branch had recommended a total of 2,777 cases to the regional transport office, the latter took action in 2,007 cases.The RTO is authorised to suspend licences for serious traffic violations for a period of three to six months. DCP traffic Vishwas Pandhre said that suspension can be recommended even for the first offence. Normally, the action is taken if the motorist is found committing the same offence again and again.Last year, the traffic branch had recommended to the RTO to take action against 790 people for drunk driving. Similarly, 736 cases of rash driving and 835 cases of talking on mobile while driving were recommended to the RTO.The traffic branch took action against 3,166 people for drunk driving. Of these, the court imposed fines on the motorists in 2,045 cases. The fine collected was Rs 56 lakh. The amount will increase further since many more cases are yet to be heard in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11346134", "title": "Bhatkal\u2019s IM module behind 13/7 blasts?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigators are working on inputs indicating that the Indian Mujahideen module led by Yasin Bhatkal, which was busted recently, may have been involved in the serial blasts in Mumbai on July 13, 2011.Mohammed Ahmed Sidibapa alias Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh, who led the IM module, may have been in Mumbai during the blasts, investigators believe. Among the reasons to suspect his presence in Mumbai is the statement of a recently arrested IM member.In a nationwide investigation, police forces, supported by intelligence agencies, had arrested seven IM members. Yasin, believed to be heading this module, managed to escape. Investigators also found that Yasin, who is related to brothers Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal, was living in Delhi until recently. Riyaz and Iqbal are now believed to be in Karachi .Initial investigation showed that the Yasin-led IM module was behind the German Bakery bombing in Pune, the blast in Chinnaswami Stadium in Bangalore and the firing on foreign tourists near Jama Masjid in Delhi ahead of the 2010 Commonwealth Games.Now, there are fresh leads on the Mumbai blasts, sources said. Investigators are believed to be in possession of a cellphone, recovered from a Chennai hideout of IM operatives. It is, however, not clear if this phone was personally used by Yasin.Sources said their efforts to reconstruct Yasin's movements in the run-up to and during the Mumbai blasts are also leading them to believe that the IM module chief may have been in the city at the time. At least one associate told them about Yasin's absence from his Delhi hideout during the Mumbai blasts.Sleuths move cautiously in pursuing leads as they do not want to make a mistake that can let the real culprits get away. A source said they wouldn't want to repeat the mistake of blaming Islamic terrorism for the Samjhauta Express and Malegaon blasts, which was the handi- work of Hindu groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "11346202", "title": "Farmers sacrifice 7-yr-old girl for good crop, held", "text": "RAIPUR: Two farmers from Bijapur district have been arrested for allegedly killing a seven-year old girl to offer her body part as a sacrifice to God for good crops, police said on Monday.Two farmers, Padam Sukku and Pignesh Kujur, have been arrested for killing the girl, Lalita, in anticipation of good crops, Additional SP of Bijapur district BPS Rajbhanu said. Lalita had gone missing on the night of October 21 last year, following which, her father Budhram Tati had registered a missing person's complaint with the police. Her body was found on October 27.During the investigation, police came to know that Lalita had been murdered and last week, police registered a case of murder and arrested the duo in this connection. When quizzed, Sukku and Kujur admitted they had kidnapped and strangled her. They said they had removed the liver and offered it to the God at a temple. They buried her body which was retrieved by animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11348305", "title": "Koragas to get houses under CSR initiative", "text": "MANGALORE: Dreams of Koragas families in Dakshina Kannada district to have a house of their own will soon become a reality. Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat has taken a new initiative to empower Koragas in the district by providing houses with the help of corporate companies, central and state governments.District minister J Krishna Palemar held discussions with Mangalore Special Economic Zone Limited (MSEZ), KIOCL Limited, Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL) to extend financial support under corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiative and companies have agreed to donate Rs 1.87 crore. A total of 313 Koraga families have been identified as beneficiaries and they will be provided house worth Rs 2.1 lakh each.At the continued general meeting of ZP on Monday, chief executive officer KN Vijayaprakash said that the ZP will become a role model for other districts in the state by implementing special housing scheme for Koragas. \"A proposal in this regard has already been sent to the department of social welfare and the work will commence soon after government gives its approval,\" he added.Donations through CSR initiatives will be accepted through a trust to be formed by the ZP; he said adding that the donating companies will also be benefit through tax exemption schemes of the central government.ZP president KT Shailaja Bhat and Vijayaprakash took officials of social welfare department for not conducting proper survey of beneficiaries among Koraga community in the district. As per the survey conducted by the officials, there are 586 Koraga families, who need house in the district.\"Conduct proper survey in each village with the help of panchayat development officers and take people's representatives into confidence. Social Justice Standing Committee chairperson will head the survey campaign and officials should hold campaign to conduct surveys in villages following the guidelines strictly,\" Vijayaprakash said and warned officials not to attend the ZP meet without bringing required statistics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345382", "title": "Blaze of genius, romance kills chill", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Sunday, the city experienced the chill usually felt by someone from whom love has been withdrawn. The ambience was apt for the presentation of Bageshri, a raga that expresses longing for the beloved. Yet, when Pandits Rajan and Sajan Mishra elaborated on Bageshri - on the opening day of the Saptak Music Festival's 32nd season - the desire for the lover did not seem wounded by the frostbite of despair. In fact, the titans of the Banaras Gharana reaffirmed on Sunday that longing was like devotion, which teaches us that the prayers' effects are seldom instantaneous.The 'bol' of the maestros' rendition was 'Kavan gat bhai mori piya na pooche ek hu baat' (roughly translated: the beloved does not utter a single word to me). The devotional energy of the performance seemed to stoke confidence in the sense of yearning. \"If the rendition had a devotional edge, it was because of the genius of the gurujis,\" said Viraj Amar, one of the very few disciples of the Mishra brothers in Gujarat. \"The raga is marked by 'shringar' or romance, which was articulated beautifully.\"The wintry pall at the concert venue - Amrut Mody School of Management - started dissipating when Bageshri's flirtatious innocence began to blaze with 'Jamuna jal bharan nahin mohi det Kanhai'. When finale approached with 'Aavan kaha gaye ajahu na aaye', the audience was indifferent to the elements and the only shivers seen in the rasikas were those produced by Bageshri's rhythms. The maestros had bound the audience with the warmth of art.Such a reaction is not an abstraction; it has been documented by the preeminent neuroscientist Oliver Sacks . \"The binding is accomplished by rhythm - not only heard but internalized,\" Sacks writes in 'Musicophilia'. \"Rhythm turns listeners into participants...and synchronizes the brains and minds (and, since emotion is intertwined with music, the 'hearts').\"Amar described the performance as meditative - is that not the outcome of the union of the brain, mind, and heart?Main box:Legacy in sure handsOne of the highlights of Day One was Taal Vadya Kacheri featuring Hetal Mehta Joshi, the daughter of Manju Mehta and the late Pandit Nandan Mehta, the founder of the festival. Hetal, who upholds the Banaras Baaj tradition of tabla playing in Gujarat , demonstrated the polished verve her father would have admired. She was playing with pakhawaj stalwart Hemant Bhatt, and two folk percussionists of raging flair: Gazi Khan (khadtal) and Firoz Khan (dholak).With harmonium player Shishirchandra Bhatt, the percussionists orchestrated cascades of rhythm that had rasikas crying, \"Saptak is back!\" They were particularly delighted by what the khadtal - a pair of thin, wooden blocks held in each hand - could do when wielded by masters like Gazi Khan. He appeared to be conjuring laya in air.The day opened with shehnai recital of Ustad Ali Abbas Khan, the son-in-law and disciple of the immortal Ustad Bismillah Khan . The protege's exposition of Maru Bihag was the model of magisterial languor - the signature of his guru. In the second baithak, Kartik Sheshadri, one of the most illustrious pupils of the great Pandit Ravi Shankar , explicated Ragas Sankara and Charukeshi. In Sheshadri's accomplished playing, one could spot the solar flares of his mentor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11343776", "title": "Male deer found dead in tea estate", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A male sambar deer was found dead in a private tea estate in Puliamparai near Gudalur in the Nilgiris on Monday. It is suspected that the animal may have been shot dead as an external injury was found on its body.According to Deepak S Bilji, District Forest Officer, Gudalur Division, the full grown sambar deer was found dead in a private tea estate. Estate workers informed forest officials subsequently. The tea estate is located adjacent to the forest area.\"The male sambar deer was found dead with an injury on its body. Whether it was shot dead or attacked by other animals will be known only after the postmortem report is released,\" Bilji said. The body of the animal has been sent for post mortem and the report is expected on Tuesday, according to him.Hunting of sambar deer, a popular prey for tigers and leopards, classified under Schedule III of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, is prohibited. Deer meat is much in demand in the Nilgiris. The animals are hunted down and their meat (in addition to their skin) is sold for a high price. Killing of deer has been on the rise because it is believed that the meat has rare medicinal properties.Of late, following rigorous patrolling inside the Gudalur forest area, such incidents have come down, claimed the forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11344375", "title": "Allopathic doctors conduct ayurvedic drug trials in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Allopathic doctors in Indore and eight other cities in India have conducted clinical drug trials for ayurvedic and herbal remedies on patients ignoring the Indian Council of Medical Research's (ICMR) ethical guidelines. The drugs tested include an ophthalmic medicine, Opthacare, and a novel herbal molecule.Two Indore doctors had carried out the trial for drug manufacturers at their private clinics in Indore while the others did it in various parts of the country. The trials were done on patients suffering from chronic conjunctivitis migraine. Opthacare was tested on 116 patients. Another 214 patients were given the herbal molecule by allopathic doctors across nine cities.The drug trial came to light after Congress MLA Pratap Grewal asked a question in the Madhya Pradesh assembly about herbal medicine clinical trials conducted by allopathic doctors. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said allopathic and government doctors tested herbal eye drop Opthacare on 116 patients. The trial was conducted at private clinics. So, the government did not tell the assembly if ICMR guidelines were followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11346233", "title": "\u2018Kin\u2019 factor stalls Punjab Cong\u2019s list", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is in a bind over allowing kin of party heavyweights to contest Punjab polls, with the leadership on Monday deferring decision on around 40 constituencies despite being pressed for time with elections scheduled for January 30.There is unlikely to be a blanket ban on \"political relatives\" from contesting, but sources said they would be decided on the strict principle of \"winnability\". Also, the party is unlikely to give nod to a large number of relatives, which sources put at 10. The party is still to decide on candidatures of \"political imports\", with strong resistance from rank and file to their being preferred over in-house nominees. Sources said around three of them could get the nod, especially those who came from Akali rebel Manpreet Badal's camp.The Congress election committee met on Monday to clear around 70 seats, but deferred the decision on seats which include 'kin' and 'imports' - contentious categories that have its share of opponents within.A senior leader said the leadership is unlikely to clear too many relatives as it would undercut its own campaign slogan against \"family politics\" of Akali Dal. \"We have to campaign against the Badal family and its misuse of state's resources. Then, how can we promote so many families of our own,\" he argued.While the leader of assembly group Rajinder Kaur Bhattal has been assertive in opposing nomination to defectors loyal to her bete-noire Amarinder Singh , the leadership has made it clear that the latter calls the shots.Bhattal has sought ticket for her son-in-law; Gurdaspur MP Partap Singh Bajwa for his wife and his brother, a leader in his own right; Hoshiarpur MP Santosh Chadhary is pushing for her husband; while former PCC chief Mohinder Singh Kaypee for his wife. Fatehgarh Sahab MP Sukhdev Singh Libra is keen for his son to contest the polls, while there are three aspirants in the Beant Singh clan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "shadnagar (mahbubnagar)", "code": "11346530", "title": "'Serial killer' strikes again; woman raped, murdered", "text": "SHADNAGAR (MAHBUBNAGAR): The serial killer continues to be on the prowl in Shadnagar area as yet another woman's mutilated body was found on Monday. Police suspect the killer raped the woman before murdering her and dumped the body on the outskirts of the town.While the spate of rape-murder incidents continues to scare the residents, police are still clueless about the killer. Sources said the cops have no idea whether it was the handiwork of a serial killer or other culprits. DSP Madhava Reddy told TOI that the woman's body was in a mutilated condition. \"But the assailant did not take away her bangles after committing the crime,\" he said. In the last few months alone, 16 rape-murder cases have been reported in and around Shadnagar. Most of the bodies were found in the bushes on the outskirts of the town. While the residents are spending sleepless nights, police continue to grope in the dark.In the last few months alone, 16 rape-murder cases have been reported in and around Shadnagar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346545", "title": "\u2018Punish drunk drivers harder\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Monday recommended suspending the licences of those caught drunk driving for five years.\"There is no point in suspending the licence for 15 days. The government should consider suspending the licence for five years of drivers caught driving under the influence alcohol in order to create a deterrent,\" said Pawar. He was speaking at the launch of the Road Safety Fortnight at Islam Gymkhana.A senior official in the transport department clarified that there is at present \"no such proposal under consideration\". \"We may have to study the law and decide whether such a stringent provision can be added to the Motor Vehicle Act,\" the official said.The transport department is headed by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who too was present at the road safety programme's launch on Monday.Warning about the impending burst of vehicles on Maharashtra's roads, Chavan said, \"Currently, the vehicle population in India is only 2% of the total number vehicles in the world. But as the GDP grows, the vehicle population will increase, particularly in Maharashtra.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11344675", "title": "11 kids die as van, truck collide in fog", "text": "AMBALA: In a tragic accident, 11 kids, all under eight years of age, were killed, and 17 other schoolchildren injured, when the minibus they were in collided with a truck in dense fog early on Monday morning.The mishap took place near Behta village in Ambala district. The driver of the minibus, Subhash, too, was killed on the spot.The kids were students of primary classes in Arjun Public School, Behta, and were packed like sardines in the van giving them little room to extricate themselves after the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345339", "title": "More students aspire to join NID", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The number of students aspiring to study at National Institute of Design (NID) has increased further this year. While a total of around 7,000 students took the entrance tests for the undergraduate and post graduate programmes offered at the institute last year, this year the number has increased to around 8,000.\"We have received 5,000 applicants for the undergraduate programme and around 3,000 applicants for the post graduate programmes. This is an increase of around a 1,000 students compared to the last year,\" said NID registrar Vijaya Deshmukh.The premier design institute will admit 345 students in its undergraduate programme and around 17 in post graduation programmes.Because of the increase in the number of students taking the entrance tests this year, the test venue has also been shifted from a neighborhood school to LD engineering college.The official webpage for admission details of NID was blocked on Monday as it faced technical glitches leading to providing mismatching information. The institute blocked it after it started receiving several phone calls and complaints from the students who are preparing for the test.To get admission to NID, aspirants are required to get through a written test called National Entrance Examination for Design ( NEED) for UG courses, and Design Aptitude Test (DAT) for PG courses. Students who crack this written test have to undergo a studio test and an interview round. Those who clear these rounds are offered admission to the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11343971", "title": "Corporator creates ruckus over power theft", "text": "NAGPUR: Power franchisee Spanco continues to face problems in cracking down on power thieves in the city. A Congress corporator created ruckus on Monday evening when the company's vigilance squad booked an Azamshah Layout resident for power pilferage.Sources said that a team, led by YS Rao, had found the energy meter of Anil Chhotelal Malik, resident of 288, Azamshah Layout, near Gandhigrah Society, to be slow by 78%. The consumer had allegedly inserted a wire loop in the meter to slow it down.The team assessed the theft amount at around Rs 73,000. Malik became infuriated at this assessment and refused to pay the amount. When Spanco officials threatened to disconnect him, he called up Congress corporator Prashant Dhawad, who immediately came to Malik's place.Dhawad charged that Spanco had framed Malik and threatened the team with dire consequences. He snatched the tampered energy meter and tried to destroy the evidence. Meanwhile, one of the squad members rang up a senior officer, who sent a team to Kotwali police station. The cops took back the meter from Dhawad and handed it over to Spanco officials, who then went to MSEDCL police station in Gaddigodam to lodge a complaint against Malik.Dhawad, however, alleged that Malik was a man known for his honesty and had been framed for increasing revenue. He accused Spanco of using high handed tactics. \"Spanco employees impersonated Kotwali police personnel. They are looting common people to meet their revenue recovery target. They had stated in the assessment report that Malik had 15 television sets,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "moradabad", "code": "11346176", "title": "Who'll crack the minority code", "text": "MORADABAD: If it's election time in Uttar Pradesh , there has to be a clamouring among political parties for the Muslim votes. It is assumed that whichever party manages to win over the community - with a reputation of voting en masse -- would usurp the advantage in nearly 150 constituencies. Hence, the slew of sops and promises just before the Election Commission's code of conduct came into force.While Congress hastily announced the 4.5% minority quota and promised to keep madrassas out of the Right to Education's ambit, Samajwadi Party went one step ahead to demand 15% reservation for the community as per the Sachar Committee recommendation. On the other hand, Bahujan Samaj Party , which had 29 Muslim MLAs in the outgoing assembly, is reminding the community about over 80 measures it took for the uplift of minorities.But, what does the 'Muslim mind' think? Or, is there a 'Muslim mind' at all, which votes en bloc according to a pre-determined pattern? Well, if one had any pre-conceived notion about the minority voter, the sheer nonchalance of Amjad explodes it. A social worker from Moradabad, he rejects the idea that Muslims will vote to a pattern. Whosoever will talk of our 'rozi-roti' will get our votes, Amjad says. \"Be it the 6,000-odd workers employed in the cloth printing industry spreading across Thakurdwara, Kanth and Amroha constituencies, or the 1,500 families and 5,000 employees engaged in furnace business, not one will be interested in voting on issues other than those affecting their day-to-day life,\" he says.So, if the Muslims in Sitapur and Rampur are ready to vote for development and economic well-being, those in Moradabad are on a lookout for a permanent solution to the perennial communal flare-ups in the region. The rich ones in Saharanpur and the sugarcane-belt, on the other hand, are eyeing for better roads and sops for the sugarcane growers.Sarfaraz, a timber merhcant of Sailani area in Bareilly, too, believes that election this time around may throw up surprises. \"As per my interaction with a cross-section of the community, I am confident that 2012 poll will see an erratic voting pattern -- something which I don't think has happened in the past 20 years,\" he says.\"People in Moradabad are feeling cheated ever since the UP government created Bhimnagar district by cutting off Sambhal and the adjoining areas which happen to be the epicentre of the brass industry. We hoped that one day the government would address the ailing brass industry and that would bring a change for the common man in terms of unrestricted power and water supply,\" says Bilal Ahmed, a small-time exporter of brass wares. \"But now that the chunk of the brass industry has gone to Bhimnagar district that last hope is also fading,\" he says.In Saharanpur, which has 39% Muslim population, development issues top the chart. Residents of Shahpur, Hussain Malakpur and Shahbuddinpur - a cluster of three villages that come under the Behat assembly constituency -- have already announced to boycott the assembly poll.\"Every monsoon season almost half of the three villages are submerged,\" says Irfan Ahmed, a member of the local panchayat. \"We have been demanding a proper road to connect the three villages, embankment on either side of the seasonal canal that passes through the Shahpur and Shahabuddinpur villages every monsoon. The three issues have an impact on the 50,000 residents of the three hamlets, still nobody is bothered to address the problem,\" Irfan says.\"When we announced that we will boycott the 2009 Lok Sabha election, the entire district machinery came down assuring permanent solution to all our miseries. But, once the elections concluded, no one even bothered to look back. This time we have decided not to relent,\" says Pankaj, a resident of Shahabuddinpur.For the sugarcane belt of western UP, the pathetic condition of roads across the city is taking its toll on the annual savings of the sugarcane growers. \"This year we produced 1.22 lakh quintals of sugarcane spread across 107 hectares, worth a whopping Rs 292.26 crore. Still authorities don't recognize us as an industry,\" says Rohtash Rana, a farmer from Shahpur. \"Because of the poor condition of roads, the tractor trolley operators charge us an additional Rs 1,000 per trip,\" Rana insists.Political parties, however, seem oblivious to these common Muslims and are still banking on rhetoric and promises. If SP is hopeful that community, which had deserted it in 2009 Lok Sabha poll, will come back to it if it promises 15% quota, Congress, apart from last-minute sops, is banking on its prize catch - five-time SP MP Rasheed Masood, who has a strong following in Saharanpur. His impressive rally with Rahul Gandhi last week must have sent the party's hope soaring. But, nobody seems to have the password to crack the minority code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11346334", "title": "Nano treatment for rabies awaits clearance", "text": "MADURAI: A discovery by a faculty at the school of biotechnology of Madurai Kamaraj University, which could give a fresh leash of life to persons affected by rabies, is awaiting ethical clearance of the health department for testing on real patients.Speaking to The Times of India, Dr Anitha Sironmani, professor of biotechnology, said she had started working with nano particles, along with her son, a research scholar on nanodiagnostics, nanotherapy and nanoremediation, from 2009. \"A nano particle is 10-9 of a meter small. In other words, if the edge of a paper is divided into one lakh times, one bit of it is a nano particle,\" she said while trying to explain this wonder particle which has many special properties.Dr Sironmani, who owns the patent for the nano treatment for all effluents (dyeing, tannery, sewage, dhobi wash water, hotel waste water and motor vehicle service water) said her discovery on a cure for rabies is a result of her work on the \"foot and mouth\" disease that affects cattle. \"I have worked with the silver nano particles which have the potential to control 750 different microbes, attaching them and multi targeting, which makes it difficult for the microbes to develop resistance to it, she said. In fact, there are studies to show that nano targeted drugs have been able to control the spread of AIDS,\" she said.According to Dr Sironmani, the same pattern of treatment can be followed for rabies. \"The only problem we face is we have not been able to work with the virulent virus as it requires working under extremely sterile conditions with the deadly virus,\" she said.Both antibodies and antigens are available for treatment of early rabies, but the lack of accurate targeting of brain cells which are attacked by the virus is one reason why it has not got complete success in advanced stages of the disease. Sironmani says it has been proved that the specially prepared nano particles have been found to be able to cross the brain-blood barrier which is most important for the treatment of this disease.When she came to know that there was a patient in the rabies cell of the government Rajaji Hospital, she had approached the hospital administration with her antigen functionalised nano drug. \"But the hospital asked me to come after obtaining ethical clearance. I wrote to the hospital, the Madurai Medical College, the Director of Medical Education and the Health Secretary, but have not received a reply as yet. So now, I have approached Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa through a letter,\" she said.\"Persons who end up in the rabies cells of GRH and start developing canine behaviours and advanced hydrophobia almost certainly die, so injecting them with this specialised nanoformulation and trying out the success rate is going to be a step towards a cure. I hope the government gives my invention the nod at the earliest,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344229", "title": "GRP kicks off safety drive", "text": "MUMBAI: The Government Railway Police (GRP), rattled by the spate of crimes against women commuters and sporadic incidents of stone-pelting in the last year, wants to tackle both problems on a priority basis in 2012.Kicking off the week-long safety campaign on Monday, GRP commissioner Prabhat Kumar said that the force would deploy additional manpower on platforms outside ladies' coaches and also focus on tackling the menace of stone-pelting and mugging of commuters travelling on footboards, usually committed by slumdwellers living near the tracks.On Monday, GRP personnel put up around 6,000 posters in local trains with measures to be taken by travellers for their own safety. \"The objective of our campaign is to inform and warn passengers about offences on the railways and also to sensitize our personnel towards issues faced by commuters, particularly women,\" Kumar told TOI.As part of the campaign, police personnel will be deployed at entrances to nodal stations and at key locations in station premises. Suspicious persons will be frisked and their baggage checked. Those cops designated and nominated on platforms outside ladies coaches have been instructed to look out for men travelling in ladies compartments and prosecute them.\"We have asked the Railway Protection Force (RPF) and ticket-checkers to join hands with us in this regard,\" Kumar said. The two GRP escorts provided in 24-hour ladies compartments between 8.30pm and 6.30am every night will be sensitized and briefed by senior officials.An elaborate campaign has also been planned in slums dotting the railway tracks. \"We will be holding meetings with residents and will involve social workers. Youths living in the slums will be made aware about the job opportunities they have to deter them from turning to crime. Residents will be urged to deter their family members or neighbours from mugging commuters or pelting stones on trains, which could have hazardous consequences,\" an official said.Placards and pamphlets have been prepared by the GRP officials and these will be pasted in the slums.Mohalla meetings, involving stall-owners and coolies, will be held at various railway stations, apart from meetings of womens' safety groups.The posters put up in the trains prominently display the GRP helpline number - 9833331111 - along with instructions to refuse eatables offered by strangers, to be careful with expensive gadgets and jewellery, desist from crossing tracks and use foot overbridges instead, and to stay alert and report abandoned articles to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11347723", "title": "14 years old girl found murdered in house", "text": "KANPUR: A 14-year-old girl was found murdered in her house in Quli Bazaar area, under the jurisdiction of Anwarganj police station on Monday.Sheeba, daughter of 'tonga' cart owner Mohammad Saeed, was a student of class VIII.Her body was found wrapped in a quilt on her bed with blood oozing from her mouth and nose. On Sunday night, her mother Shabnam had locked the doors of her room from outside while she had gone for a sleep. On Monday morning, when she the mother tried to wake her up, she found her dead.Several reasons have led the police to suspect the case as murder. First, the cops have recovered a 'gamcha' belonging to her father which the assailant had used to strangulate her. There were wounds on her face and shoulder and blood stains were found on the pillow, which suggested that the assailant also tried to gag her. All these evidences have confirmed that it was a murder. The police are trying to obtain more clues on the basis of information provided by her family members and neighbours.The police have taken several persons into custody for interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11349929", "title": "CLRD Big CSR plans for Red-hit Saranda soon times new...", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: To shoulder the responsibility of the Saranda Action Plan (SAP), Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL), which runs its mining operations in West Singhbhum, has planned a comprehensive package to boost the lives of the local tribals.The leading public sector company has announced to work at length on the subjects concerning health, education, skill development and income generation. To begin with, the state-owned steel manufacturer has announced opening a primary school in Megahataburu.\"Education tops our corporate social responsibility (CSR) agenda in West Singhbhum and we are looking forward to the infrastructure building, including opening primary school and industrial training institute for free education to the tribals (in the Saranda area),\" said D Ved, general manager, SAIL.He said, at present, about 60 tribal students are undergoing ITI training in Rourkela but the company plans to open ITI units in and around the liberated area in the mineral-rich district of the Kolhan division. He also said the company has target of nearly 400 children for enrollment in the primary school in the next academic year.The company has planned on capacity building and facility enhancement in two of its hospitals in Chiria and Kiriburu. Besides, two new ambulances will be added to the existing fleet of three for the timely transportation of the patients to the hospitals from far-flung areas. \"The addition of two new ambulances will help the (company) administration in reaching out to the needy ones in the remote areas at times of emergency,\" said the GM adding that unlike in the past, special health camps, including eye camps, will be organized by the company in the forest area at regular intervals.Speaking about the skill development and income generation exercise, the senior company official said providing ITI training to the tribals is part of the scheme to build their skills. \"The idea is to develop their earning skills so that they could be observed in our enterprise should there be opening or they could earn job elsewhere,\" said Ved on Monday over phone from Kolkata. He, however, refused to divulge the funds earmarked for pursuing the CSR projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348587", "title": "Neil Nitin Mukesh finds love in Delhi", "text": "Moving on from his ex-girlfriend, Neil Nitin Mukesh has now found love in Delhi.Neil, who has been travelling to the national capital city pretty often these days was recently spotted at the Greater Kailash part 1 market with this new mystery woman in his life, a few days back.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Neil has even organised for a special show of his upcoming release at a multiplex in Saket for his ladylove, her friends and family. Interestingly, Neil, who has always organised special shows of his films for friends and family, will do it in Delhi for the first time.When contacted, Neil remained unavailable. However, his manager Sonu Lakhwani said, \"Yes Neil is having a show in Delhi. We would not like to comment on his personal life but he is in a happy space.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11343463", "title": "They are tracked with his hack", "text": "COIMBATORE: Although he is not part of the police establishment, S N Ravichandran's expertise on the computer and internet helps investigating officials arrest those indulging in cyber crimes. Whenever a major cyber crime happens in the city, this entrepreneur turned IT expert gets very busy.Ravichandran's mission is to help police detect the origin of the offensive material. He can decipher the exact location of the computer from which the defamatory material has emerged. As a man who firmly believes in the judicious use of internet, this member of Cyber Society of India (CySI) extends his service free of charge to the police. He proves cases by tracing passwords and collecting details from the cyber world. Ever since the cyber crime wing was launched at the City Police Commissioner's office five years ago, Ravichandran has been helping them crack complex cyber crime cases. Managing Director of Nilgiris Chemicals Stoneware Co. Private Limited, which exports ceramic goods, Ravichandran spends equal time on his profession and service to the police. Encouraged by his success in solving cases, Ravichandran now plans to undertake awareness programmes on cyber security in schools and colleges.\"A few computer training centers have started offering courses in ethical hacking. There is risk involved here as youth may misuse hacking technology. The state government should limit ethical hacking to those in investigative agencies. Otherwise, it must be controlled and closely monitored by the state government,\" said Ravichandran.School going children, working women and house wives are often victims of the cyber crimes, he says. \"Cyber criminals may upload their photo on porn sites and take advantage of them with morphing technology. It is risky to upload your picture on social networking sites as it becomes available to all, some of whom may misuse it. Thus youth should be cautious about uploading their pictures on the internet,\" said Ravichandran. He also warns against responding to dubious emails including job offers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11346278", "title": "Centre asked to reply on notification prohibiting bulls in jallikattu", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Monday asked the Union government to give its reply on a petition by the organisers of jallikattu, challenging its notification stating that bulls should not been exhibited or trained as performing animals and thereby prohibiting them in the event.Recently, the organisers of jallikattu had moved the high court seeking to declare the recent notification of the Union ministry of environment and forests, which prohibits bulls in the event, as unconstitutional and quash it.In a petition K R Ambalatharasu, the president of Jallikattu organising committee in Kandramanickam village Sivagangai district sought an interim stay of the operation of the impugned notification.When the matter came before the bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah, the petitioner's counsel M Ajmal Khan contended that the Union ministry's notification is contrary to the Jallikattu Act 2009, which was enacted by the state government by giving provisions to make it clear that how the event should be conducted and the requirement for the animals which are defined as performing animal in the said act.Khan said the executive using its unfettered and uncanalised power has issued notification, which is an excessive delegation of power. Even though the organiser gave a representation to the ministry to remove bulls from the notification, so far it has not taken any action in this regard.The judges directed the assistant solicitor general of India, K K Senthilvelan to take notice and give a detailed reply explaining under what jurisdiction the Centre has issued such notification before January 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mohalii/panchkula", "code": "11344542", "title": "Panchkula, Mohali flunk on safety", "text": "MOHALIi/PANCHKULA: Overloading of a school van was one of the reasons that led to the death of 12 children in Ambala after the vehicle collided head-on with a truck on foggy Monday morning. School buses often endanger students' lives in this way.In Tricity, Panchkula and Mohali also seem to be laggards when it comes to ensuring safety of children who travel by school buses.In past two years, Mohali police issued a paltry 17 challans to school bus operators for violations. Offences included speeding, rash driving and overloading.Mohali traffic police DSP Darshan Singh Mann said, \"We have not conducted a drive against violations by school bus operators and have issued challans to them on a case-to-case basis. Challans, which were issued to them, were for violations committed by them spotted by either traffic cops or vigilant Mohali residents.\"He added, \"Traffic violations like speeding and rash driving are serious offences and put students at risk. Therefore, we are entering such challans into a database that we have evolved for monitoring school bus operators. If a driver is issued a challan for the third time in less than 18 months, we would proceed with cancellation of his licence.\"Though Panchkula police conducted a drive to check other violations by school bus drivers, it did not concentrate on speeding. The drive saw 65 challans being issued, but none were for disobeying speed limit. Panchkula traffic inspector Ajay Kumar stated challans relating to proper uniform, first-aid box, requisite documents, had been issued. \"The best part is that we issued 65 challans in just two hours,\" added Kumar.Rules possibleSuch accidents can be avoided with proper installation of fog lights for better visibility. Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, was amended in Parliament in 2007 to allow use of fog lamps, which were banned earlier. States also have the power to make rules with regard to speed governors and for provision of fog lights in vehicles. \"It seems governments are not serious about safety of tiny tots, especially when Centre has empowered them for that,\" said Ajay Jagga, a Chandigarh-based lawyer. \"UT administration should immediately frame rules regarding speed governors and fog lights for safety in school transportation,\" he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11346777", "title": "A cut above the rest", "text": "As you enter D S Aiyyelu's workshop in Nandanam, you are immediately drawn to the 83-year-old man sitting in the corner , working on a bright red Kanjeevaram sari. \"Work pressure is immense during Margazhi . There are so many performances and the costumes are important for dancers as they enhance the artists' stage presence,\" says Aiyyelu, who has been making dance costumes since 1946.\"Every detail has to be perfect,\" he says. Aiyyelu's clientele includes danseuse and actor Vyjayanthimala Bali for whom he has made costumes for over 20 years. \"I prefer him as the stitching is perfect,\" says Bharatanatyam and Kuchipudi exponent Sailaja, a regular customer. Like Aiyyelu, most dressmakers in the city who specialise in dance costumes are busy now that dance festivals are on at several sabhas. T V S Mani of Shanthi Dance Needs in Mylapore is trying to fit in last minute orders. \"We have about 60 tailors but cannot accept all the requests we get,\" he says.Orders have to be placed at least a month before the season starts. \"These days, dancers contact us in advance,\" says Aiyyelu's son Shivakumar , who assists his father.Since costumes are an integral part, veteran artists usually know what they want. \"Senior dancers like Padma Subramanyam and Alarmel Valli know what they want. I just give them inputs ,\" says Aiyyelu. \"I suggest what will look good for younger performers,\" he says.Many dancers prefer to keep their costumes simple. \"I prefer a tastefully designed Kanjeevaram any day. Many people are experimenting but they should not end up looking bizarre,\" says Alarmel Valli, who has been getting her costumes done by Aiyyelu since the age of 10.Mani says mixing and matching materials is in vogue this year. \"A sari usually has two colours - one for the body and the other for the pallu. We usually cut and join the pieces to make the costume,\" he says. This season, many people are combining traditional Kanjeevaram sari with other dress material. \"The idea is to have a gorgeous colour combination which will make the costume look striking,\" says Mani.Dancers have started using other materials as Kanjeevaram saris are expensive, with the cost of gold and silver, which is used to make zaris, skyrocketing. \"So now costumes are made of 80% Dharmavaram and 20% Kanjeevaram,\" says Mani's son Shiva. \"It gives a contemporary look to the costume.\"Costume-makers have also begun charging more. \"Two years ago, we charged 1,500 to 3,000 for a costume. Now we start from 3,000,\" says Shivakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346326", "title": "Apna Dal declares 10 names", "text": "LUCKNOW: Apna Dal on Monday released the names of 10 candidates fielded for the UP assembly election. According to Krishna Patel, national president of Apna Dal, Omprakash Gihar will contest from Khaga (reserved) seat in Fatehpur district while Vinay Pandey has been fielded from Handia seat in Allahabad. The other party candidates are: Madhuri Singh-Gosaiganj (Faizabad), Udainarain Kori-Ghatampur (reserved) in Kanpur. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bulandshahr", "code": "11346304", "title": "Rs 9.5L unaccounted cash seized", "text": "BULANDSHAHR: Unaccounted worth Rs 9.5 lakh was today seized from a person here, police said. According to a police official, police intercepted a car at Bhoor Crossing and detained its driver who was carrying Rs 9.5 lakh cash. \"The driver was unable to give satisfactory explanation regarding the money,\" SP (City) Ganga Nath Tripathi said. In view of Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls starting February, the Election Commission has imposed restrictions on moving with cash over Rs one lakh in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346595", "title": "Bus passenger nabs mobile thief, aide", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old thief and his accomplice were caught when they tried to run away with a stolen mobile belonging to a BEST passenger. The victim, Sejalkumar Jain (25), was returning home after attending a funeral of one of his relatives residing at Mulund. On Wednesday morning, Jain took BEST bus (route no. 496) from Mulund to go to Hiranandani Gardens in Powai when the incident occurred.Jain got down from the bus on reaching Shangrila Biscuit factory bus stop in Bhandup around 11am when he found his mobile missing from his trousers. A copassenger informed Jain that he saw a man stealing his mobile.Jain along with the eyewitness chased the BEST bus in an auto and nabbed Chandramohan Pal with the help of a policeman when the bus stopped at the next stop at Mangatram Petrol Pump in Bhandup on Monday.On seeing Jain, Pal flashed a knife at him while his two accomplices fled from the spot. Jain managed to duck when attacked. Meanwhile, a policeman who was travelling in the same bus overpowered Pal,\" said senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda.Nadgauda said they also caught one of Pal's accomplice minutes after he escaped. Both are history-sheeters, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346660", "title": "With EC watching, Golden Temple back on govt calendar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The picture of Golden Temple this year's state government calendar, replaced those of Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and his \"achievements\" apparently because of fear of code of conduct being in force. The Golden Temple will thus re-appear on the calendar of the state government almost after a decade as chief ministers of both the Shiromani Akali Dal-BJP coalitions and Congress had otherwise been using them to showcase their developmental achievements all these years.The SAD-BJP coalition this year exercised caution as it was on their complaint that the then Congress government was forced to take out the picture of the then chief minister, Amarinder Singh , just ahead of elections in 2007. The Akalis were aware that the Congress would hit back as soon as pictures or developmental activities of the government were carried on the calendar so they were careful not to give the Congress an opportunity to beat them with the same handle.The government publishes around one lakh calendars every year with only 10,000 for sale and rest are distributed to government offices. The Golden Temple appeared during the 1997-2002 regime of the Akali Dal, which came back to power after a two-decade-long bloody turmoil in Punjab.Sources said last year the government had carried pictures of the chief minister Parkash Singh, his son and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, and the then seniormost leader of the coalition partner BJP , Manoranjan Kalia. The government showcased Bathinda refinery as its major success last year. Apparently, realizing that the election code will bar them from projecting their development projects, they last year carried pictures of the Kandi Canal, Kabaddi World Cup, Mohali international airport and children in school uniforms.The 2010 calendar carried a picture of the Virasat-e-Khalsa complex at Anandpur Sahib. Photos of the chief minister and governor were carried all these years. The government this year also did not publish its diary highlighting achievements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346347", "title": "Consumption of Kesari dal results in paralysis: Study", "text": "HYDERABAD: Consumption of Kesari dal does result in paralysis. This has been found in large animal experiments conducted by the National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) here. Consumption of Kesari dal has been practically banned all over the country since 1961. However, with demands for lifting the ban on Kesari dal being raised, the study was undertaken last year.The experiments conducted on goats have shown that consumption of Kesari dal can result in lathyrism, a form of paralysis that affects the lower limbs. With such findings, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) has now constituted a committee that will formulate a plan to undertake human studies. The committee will meet in New Delhi on January 11.\"We have carried out the experiments on goats and in one of the kid goats, there has been a `frank' case of lathyrism,\" Dr Arjun L Khandare, deputy director, National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) said. The experiments were carried out in association with Osmania University and the Acharya N G Ranga Agricultural University (Angrau) at the instance of the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI). The findings of the experiments are important as one Dr Shantilal Kothari, president, Academy of Nutrition Improvement, has been spearheading a movement to get the ban lifted on Kesari dal consumption.With strong evidence emerging about the affects of consuming Kesari dal, the ICMR has decided that human studies should be done to further verify the findings. The experiments would be conducted in Maharashtra, Chattisgarh and West Bengal where farmers cultivate Kesari dal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346850", "title": "Cops needn't wait for college nod to control violence", "text": "CHENNAI: When full-blown violence rocks a college campus and armed rioting and bloodbath unfolds right in the presence of police personnel, should the law enforcers await a nod from college authorities to stop the mayhem?It was a resounding 'No' from the Madras high court. The HC was hearing a batch of cases arising out of the forgettable incidents of November 12, 2008, inside the Tamil Nadu Dr Ambedkar Law College in Chennai. Neither the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC) nor the Indian Penal Code (IPC) nor the Police Standing Orders has any express clause mandating policemen remain mute spectators till the college authorities give them permission to enter the campus and restore order.Section 149 of the CrPC says every police officer must interpose for the purpose of preventing, and shall, to the best of his ability, prevent the commission of any cognizable offence. And, Section 148 of the IPC says rioting and being armed with deadly weapons is indeed a cognizable offence.\"A combined reading of the two provisions should leave no doubt in the minds of the police: They needn't have waited for any nod or permission to launch a counter-offensive on the Presidency College campus where students roamed with deadly weapons and caused injuries to others,\" said V Kannadasan, former special public prosecutor for human rights court.\"Having failed to stop the violence and having displayed inaction of the highest level, police now cannot use a fig leaf of a justification that they needed permission to enter a college campus on the boil,\" said S Prabakaran, president , Tamil Nadu Advocates Association (TNAA).In 2008, after video grabs and photographs of the violent caste clash among law students shocked the entire nation, the then DMK government suspended nine police personnel, including an ACP, arrested 29 students and suspended the college principal for failing to control the violence. All these actions did not deter courts and lawyers from raising the very basic question: Why didn't the police intervene and save a student who was being thrashed by a gang of students?When the government made a suspended ACP file a counteraffidavit in the HC in an attempt to justify the reluctance on the part of the police authorities to stop the violence, the bench headed by the then Chief Justice A K Ganguly disapproved of it and forced the government to withdraw the counter-affidavit . The counter, blaming the delay on the college principal, said he was 'adamant in not allowing the police to intervene' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bellary", "code": "11348293", "title": "Two youths go missing in canal", "text": "BELLARY: Two youths namely G Surendra, 24, and Dadu, 22, went missing when they went for a swim in the High Level Canal on the outskirts of the city near Mundarigi along with four other friends on Sunday. They had gone for a swim to celebrate the New Year.When the two went missing, the other four searched for them for hours, but could not find them. Bellary DySP Chandrashekhara Kyatan visited the spot along with Bellary Rural Dy SP P N Rudramuni. Three teams have been formed to carry out search operations. All the boys work in the readymade garment sector here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11346062", "title": "No farmer suicide in last 3 years, Centre quotes state report", "text": "KOCHI: Even as the state government was dealing with the spurt in farmer suicides in Wayanad in 2011, officials informed the central government that no farmer suicides were taking place in Kerala, according to an affidavit filed by the central government in the Kerala High Court on Monday.In a counter-affidavit filed before the high court on a petition seeking relief measures to farmers in Wayanad, the central government quoted the report filed by the Kerala government, which stated that no farmer suicides took place in Kerala during 2009, 2010 and 2011.The affidavit, filed by Sadhna Khanna, under-secretary of department of agriculture and cooperation of the Union government, also revealed that the state government had filed a report to the Centre stating that farmer suicides were going down. The state government reported that farmer suicides declined from 112 in 2006 to 68 in 2007, and 11 in 2008.The affidavit also contained true copies of the reports filed by various states.The Central government cited lack of a proper report at the central level to connect any agrarian reason with farmer suicides. Being unable to identify farmer suicides from the National Crime Records Bureau's annual reports titled 'Accidental deaths and suicides in India,' the central government relied on the data provided by the state government, in which the latter had denied occurrence of farmer suicides for the past three years.Six farmers had ended their lives within a span of four weeks prior to November 16, following which chief minister Oommen Chandy announced a 12-point plan for them.After reaching a peak of 11,516 suicides during 1997-2005, as reported by the media, Kerala had witnessed a drop in farmer suicides, owing to the debt relief measures taken by the government. But the numbers again rose during the last few months of 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11345967", "title": "Tussle over art gallery ends", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The controversy related to the ownership and upkeep of the new art gallery behind the Town Hall in the city has finally ended with the corporation and Kerala Lalita Kala Akademi deciding to enter a new pact. The gallery will opened for artists by the end of January, 2012.Under the new MoU, the akademi will take of the maintenance of the gallery while the ownership will rest with the corporation. Akademi chairman K A Francis said they will open the art gallery after rectifying the anomalies in the newly air-conditioned art gallery. \"We will change the glass wall and ramp in the middle of the gallery. It is one of the finest galleries in the state,\" he said.The row over the gallery was resolved after Francis and the akademi secretary met the coporation mayor A K Premajam and urged her to handover the gallery for modification works.The feud between the artists and the corporation had erupted after a section of the artists alleged anomalies in the construction of the gallery. They also wanted the civic body to remove the glasses on the three sides of the first floor. The civic body later entrusted a structural engineer of the NITC to submit a report after inspecting the building. The structural engineer had recommended a few changes in the building's design and structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11344705", "title": "'Should I wear gloves? Conductors touch my palms'", "text": "BANGALORE: \"The bus conductors deliberately touch my fingers and palm when I buy tickets. Does that mean I must wear gloves all the time? I've raised my voice many times. It's the attitude of men that has to change,\" said 19-year-old college student Parinita G.For Parinita, the statement that loose clothes can protect a woman is nothing but a bad joke. \"In the college where I study, wearing jeans is strictly prohibited. But that doesn't mean boys stop staring at girls. I never take men's comments seriously. But I make sure I'm safe,\" says Parinita. She is one of many students who depend on public transport to commute to and fro from college. \"Young girls need moral support of parents, teachers and friends when they narrate their bad experiences. Some families doubt a girl's version when she comes home crying and narrates her story of a guy staring at her,\" she adds.Women across age groups and disciplines have came down heavily on minister CC Patil's comment on women's clothes that allegedly lead to eve-teasing.\"Aren't women in burqas being raped? What does the minister have to say about that? Nobody deserves to be raped. A victim is already under great trauma and it's only worsened by the blame. It's unfortunate that people in such positions make such comments,\" said Archana Subramaniam, a student of National Law School of India University.\"When a man looks lustfully at a woman, he doesn't care what dress she's wearing. The lust overpowers him, and it's all in his mind. It really doesn't matter whether she is wearing a two-piece suit or a churidar. There can be no justification for a rape. It's a crime. You cannot pass the blame to the victim,\" said Shruthi Kedia, a student of Christ University.\"Don't women expose some skin while wearing a sari? Why is it then considered to the ideal dress for women by some men? It's a very sexist comment. It's a wrong perspective and trying to run away instead of addressing the real issue,\" said journalism student Prashanti Moktan.\"There's no justification for sexual harassment, specially not at the cost of the victim! For anyone to say such a thing shows a complete lack of understanding. And coming from a democratically elected minister is even more shameful,\" Elia Maria, a 20-year-old student of literature said, objecting to Patil's comment. However, Maria's college doesn't allow students to wear sleeveless clothes.Women working in different sectors have objections for on men dictating their costume. \"Women have a right to show their sexuality, if they wish to. There must not be any such lakshmana rekha on what women should wear and should not. Women's wish to wear what they want has nothing to do with men's psychology,\" says 25-year-old PR professional Satavisa Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11344889", "title": "BJP's week long stir from today", "text": "PATNA: Lashing out at the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre, the BJP on Monday said the government was in a minority and that was the reason it could not get the constitution amendment bill in the Lok Sabha and the Lokpal Bill in Rajya Sabha passed. The party has chalked out its weeklong agitation programme across the country from January 3.Holding Congress responsible for this fiasco, state BJP chief Dr C P Thakur said a drama was enacted in Rajya Sabha with the help of some political parties supporting the Congress from outside, like RJD. He said during the weeklong programme, dharna, demonstration and procession would be organized at district level. The purpose is not only to apprise people down to village level about the extent of corruption which has gripped the nation like cancer but also about the Centre's inability and inaction to check corruption. \"The quantum of corruption and loot is so high that people cannot even imagine it,\" he said.Dr Thakur said today India ranks fourth among the most corrupt countries and new scams are being exposed regularly. \"People want to get rid of this menace and a strong Lokpal Act will check corruption. It is the moral and constitutional duty of the central government to get a Lokpal Bill passed in Parliament to fight corruption,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346454", "title": "Civic panel okays projects to woo voters", "text": "PUNE: With the code of conduct likely to be in place in the next couple of days, coropators are going all out to woo voters by approving various projects to please different communities.PMC standing committee on Monday approved funds to Haj house, renovations of Anna Bhau Sathe memorial and renovations of Bhide Wada. \"A 'Gaurav Stambha' (statue ) will be built at the Bhide Wada, where the first school for women was started,\" said committee chairman Ganesh Bidkar.Bidkar said that a Haj house project, to be built at Koregaon Park, has been given the go ahead. Nearly Rs 2 crore will be spenton it. \"Therewas a long pending demandfor a Hajhouse,\" said Congress corporator Rashid Shaikh, who had given a proposalfor thesame.Along withthese projects an approvalto renovate the Katraj zoo has been given. Extension to Kondhwa Road and construction of a hostel at Sanas ground are some other projects that got a go ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11344318", "title": "Sword hanging over 700 worship places", "text": "YAVATMAL: Over 700 worship places built on encroached land will have to be either demolished, shifted or regularized as per the recent directives of home department.The Supreme Court issued an order directing state governments to demolish all worship places built on encroached land.The Maharashtra government in turn sent a circular to collectors of all districts asking them to conduct a survey of worship places and remove them if they are found to be built on land belonging to government departments.Yavatmal collector Shravan Hardikar accordingly issued a circular to all SDs and Tehsildars to conduct the survey which found 700 places of worship on illegal land. Yavatmal tehsil has over 300 worship places built on encroached land. As per the new guidelines, the concerned authorities will review the situation and then take a call.Most of the illegally constructed worship places come under the jurisdiction of the Gram Panchayat. The police department will be assisting the local administration.Despite government ban, illegal worship places were constructed by people with vested interests. The administration turned a blind eye but with the apex court cracking the whip, the law of the land is expected to prevail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11346116", "title": "Milma booth in MCH closed down", "text": "THRISSUR: The district authorities' decision to close the Milma booth at the Thrissur Medical College has left patients and those who come to help them out in distress. It was the only shop in the vicinity selling food, fruits, snacks, etc between 7 pm and 7 am. It was closed down on Saturday following allegation of corruption in the tender process.\"A single party has been winning the tender for the shop for the past many years. Last time, it won the tender for Rs 32 lak for a year. We strongly believe there is corruption involved in the tender process. Not only that, the booth operator used to charge exorbitantly. We complained to the hospital development committee chaired by the district collector regarding this, and the booth was closed down,\" said a nearby trader.According to him, the booth, which was only supposed to sell Milma products, was \"nothing short of a super market selling everything under the sun.\"However, at the receiving end are patients. \"All the shops and hotels in the vicinity, including Indian Coffee House, close before 8 pm. The Milma booth was the only shop that remained open almost throughout. We now have to travel till the highway to have a tea or buy a bottle of water,\" said Noushad from Palakkad district, whose sister is admitted at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11346725", "title": "Chinese spies in India, suspects Tibetan admn", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: With thousands of Tibetans having crossed the Himalayan borders of Nepal and China to attend the Kalchakra teachings at Bodhgya, the Central Tibetan Administration (CTA) has expressed worries over the possibility Chinese spies entering India.Sources in the Tibetan administration said that security at the Dalai Lama temple has been increased, and some Tibetans were deployed to keep an eye over McLeodganj and its catchment areas.A Tibetan official said, \"Tibetans dressed in camouflage would keep an eye over offices. We fear that the Chinese spies might want to destroy our records. Tibetan volunteers from Dehradoon are here for the purpose.He said, \"Tibetans visiting India report at the office of minister of foreign affairs in Nepal. They are issues special entry permits. The visitors are then to report at the Tibetan refugee centre near Khaniyara but not everyone does that.\"In the meantime, minister for the department of security at CTA Dhonchung Ngodup said while addressing the media: \"Chinese spies might have reached Bodhgya. They could be 1,000 to 1,500 in numbers.\"He said around 70,000 Tibetans have arrived in India to attend the 10-day teachings that began from January 1. Recent reports from Tibet have indicated that the number of Chinese spies in monasteries of Tibet have greatly increased following the spate of self-immolations in Tibet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11346618", "title": "'Jail authorities not implementing court orders'", "text": "JALANDHAR: In the Gikki murder case, in which SAD MLA Sarabjit Singh Makkar's councillor nephew Ram Simran Singh Makkar is the prime accused, the father of the deceased has alleged that the jail authorities were not implementing the order of the district and sessions judge, Gurdaspur, about shifting the accused from Kapurthala jail to the Gurdaspur jail.Gurkirat Sekhon alias Gikki was murdered on the night of April 20 last year in a brawl between him and the four accused including Ram Simran.His father Rajbir Singh Sekhon said at a press conference on Monday that Gurdaspur district and sessions judge, K K Garg, had ordered on October 24 last year to shift the four accused to Gurdaspur from the Jalandhar Central Jail (which has now been shifted to Kapurthala) till the disposal of the trial to avoid any delay in the conclusion of the trial. He also provided copies of this order to the media.Sekhon, who broke down several times during the press conference, said that after this he had written to state chief secretary, DGP (Prisons) and the jail superintendent to get the orders of the court complied with but till now the accused have not been shifted. He alleged that even though the model code of conduct had been promulgated still MLA Sarabjit Singh Makkar was not letting things move for compliance of the judicial order.He also said that people should ensure that such people did not become their representatives for the sake of their children's safety. \"It is bad luck for residents of Kapurthala that SAD has fielded such a candidate from there,\" while adding, \"I don't know what was the compulsion of the party to promote such a person.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349321", "title": "Afsar Bitiya has created quite a buzz: Kinshuk Mahajan", "text": "Kinshuk Mahajan who is happy with new show Afsar Bitiya connecting with audience in its first week itself with 1.9 TRP, headed for Mahableshwar to welcome the New Year.Ask Kinshuk for this unique choice of destination and he say,\"Everyone I know was heading to Goa, so I chose Mahabaleshwar. It's my first visit there and I was quite excited. I had heard one gets best stawberries there and I did get to taste them too. I had a blast there.\"Telling us about the show Afsar Bitiya, he says, \"The show has created quite a buzz. Raakesh Paswan has made content which is excellent and it's for classes and masses. My fans are happy to see me as Pintoo Singh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11345918", "title": "Nobel laureate Yunus to open Amritapuri edu meet", "text": "KOCHI: Nobel laureate and founder of Grameen Bank , Mohammad Yunus, will inaugurate the IEEE International Conference on Technology Enhanced Education ( ICTEE 2012) at Amritapuri on Tuesday.The theme of the three-day-conference is 'educational technology for societal benefit,' which will look at the role of innovation in the ever-increasing sustainable applications of technology in education.Alongside the conference, an international workshop on haptics (technology that interfaces with the user through the sense of touch) and computerized learning for skill development in vocational education will be held.The workshop will feature tutorial sessions on common household repairs presented by India's first batch of women graduates of the computerized MES plumbing course developed by AMMACHI Labs.N K Sinha, additional secretary, Ministry of Human Resources Development, CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi, Vasudha Kamat, SNDT Women's University, Candace Thille, Open Learning Initiative, Carnegie Mellon University , and professor Karmeshu from JNU will participate in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11344909", "title": "HC upholds council nominations", "text": "PATNA: The Patna High Court on Monday dismissed a PIL challenging the nomination of 12 members to the Bihar legislative council. A single bench of the court presided by Justice Seema Ali Khan dismissed the PIL filed by Visheshwar Nath Singh.Singh, in his petition, had stated that though there exists provision for nominating members to the council from different fields, the same was not abided with.The court, however, dismissed the petitioner's pleas and observed that it comes under the jurisdiction of the legislature and that members are nominated on the recommendations of a committee of ministers. The court refused to interfere in the matter and dismissed the PIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11348279", "title": "Ustad Amjad Ali Khan to enthrall music lovers", "text": "DHARWAD: Sarod Samrat Ustad Amjad Ali Khan will be in Dharwad to treat music lovers with his scintillating performance on Tuusday. The maestro will receive the Dr Mallikarjun Mansur Samman instituted by the Mansur Memorial Trust at a function to be held at Dr Veerendra Heggade Kala Kshetra near Sattur at 6 pm and thereafter present a concert.He will be accompanied on table by Raveendra Yavagal. The Mansur Samman presentation function was earlier scheduled to be held at Srujana auditorium but was changed due to unavoidable reasons, the officials said.The Samman carries Rs 1 lakh cash, citation and memento.The Yuva awards were presented on December 31, the birthday of Pandit Mansur to Hindustani vocalists Jayadevi Jagmanshetty and Aditya Mohan Khandwe.Amjad Ali Khan has contributed immensely to the field of classical music. He plays the Sarod with his finger nails instead of finger tips. This gives a clear ringing sound and is also the most difficult technique to apply on the Sarod. This innovative genius has composed many ragas of his own like Kiran Ranjani, Haripriya Kanada, Shivanjali, Shyam Shri, Suhag Bhairav, Lalit Dhwani, Amiri Todi, Jawahar Manjari and Bapukauns. He has also acquired international acclaim by composing for the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra. It was titled \"Tribute to Hong Kong\". )The other musicians involved with this project were guitarist Charley Byrd, Violinist Igor Frolov, Suprano Glenda Simpson, Guitarist Barry Mason and UK Cellist Matthew Barley.Amjad Ali Khan is the first north Indian artiste to have performed in honor of Saint Thyagaraja at the Thiruvaiyur shrine. He has also been a recipient of many awards like Padmashree Award, Sangeet Natak Academy Award, Tansen Award, UNESCO Award, UNICEF National Ambassadorship, Padma Bhushan, UNICEF National Ambassadorship, Padma Bhushan, International Music Forum Award, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345573", "title": "Chill takes a break, rain's back", "text": "KOLKATA: A gentle breeze, a light drizzle and no nip in the air. It has been a spring-like weather rather than a cool one to greet the new year in Kolkata. With the mercury having gone past the 17 degree-mark, winter has taken a temporary break. The mercury will not dip in the next 48 hours either, according to the metereological office. A few spells of shower could lash the city.Woolens have been shelved and shirts are back. This, at a time, when the city is supposed to experience its lowest temperatures. While the average minimum temperature in January has been 13.8 degrees in the last 10 years, Monday recorded 17.5 which was four degrees above normal. The maximum stood at 24.6, which was normal. Kolkata received 2 mm of rain till the afternoon. As per the IMD prediction, the city could be lashed by further rains or a thunderstorm on Tuesday. Minimum temperature could touch 18 degrees on Tuesday, but is expected to drop down to 17 a day later.The sudden bowing out of winter not only left new year revellers, dressed in their best winterwear, foxed but also surprised experts. A sudden incursion of moisture into the northern Bay of Bengal is responsible for the unusual weather pattern, they said. \"Low pressure systems are active in the southern Bay of Bengal during this time of the year. We have little moistutre intrusion in the northern part, which is quickly neutralized by the flow of northerly winds from the Himalayas which is dominant. It's now being noticed that the neutralization effect isn't strong enough to prevent moisture incursion and cloud formation over northern Bay of Bengal. That is exactly what has happened,\" said Gautam Sen, oceanographer.The Alipur Met office confirmed the pattern. South Bengal is experiencing a warm spell under the influence of moisture incursion, said director GC Debnath. But it's still too early to write it off and shelve your woollens, he added. \"Kolkata will remain cloudy for the next two days. We are not expecting a major wet spell, though. Things should settle down after that, paving the way for mercury to slide down again,\" said Debnath.The good sign, according to weathermen, is that northerly winds have returned in north Bengal and temperatures were sliding down. \"The north Bengal districts will remain cool in the next 48 hours. They will have normal winter conditions, unlike south Bengal,\" Debnath added.Irregular formation of convective zones or low pressure systems were responsible for irregular weather patterns, said Sen. \"They have been making forays into northern Bay of Bengal, either too early or very late. This has disturbed the monsoon cycle as well. Now, they are interfering with the winter. But the systems are bound to weaken with the withdrawal of moisture. Since the northerly winds are still strong, winter should be back. So, we can still expect a chilly January, Sen said.Explaining the showers, the oceanographer pointed out that Kolkata does receive rainfall in late November. \"Early winter often sees some moisture incursion and rain. It is quite possible that the cycle has been delayed this year. We need further observations and studies to analyze the changing moisture incursion pattern over Bay of Bengal, though,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345465", "title": "R S Agarwal sent to SSKM again", "text": "KOLKATA: AMRI director RS Agarwal has once again been sent to SSKM Hospital. On Monday, after a marathon hearing, chief judicial magistrate at Alipore court ordered to keep him at SSKM Hospital for treatment till January 16.Earlier on the day, following a major confusion, Agarwal was produced in the court at 4.20pm in an ambulance. Since noon, the police and the hospital authorities remained busy passing the responsibility to each other about his production. Policekept claiming that the hospital authorities were entrusted to produce him with our help in their ambulance and medical staffs. The hospital authorities denied it and claimed police were supposed to take him to the court. Finally, the order copy of previous hearing on December 16 was faxed to hospital authority and then in an ambulance police produced him at court escorted by medical team and oxygen cylinder.The public prosecutor claimed that Agarwal's physical condition is stable now and no need to keep him in SSKM hospital. The prosecution appealed to send Agarwal into the jail hospital. The defense counsel protested and said that the jail hospital has no facility of cardiac and orthopedic treatment. The defense counsel also produced the letter of jail department where they mentioned that jail hospital have no special arrangement of cardiac and orthopedic treatment.The prosecution was not convinced and claimed, if necessary, the jail medical officer may shift him to other hospital for better treatmentThe defense counsel even filed a bail petition on health grounds and requested the court to allow Agarwal to be treated at his own home under police guard. The court, however, sent him again to SSKM hospitalHe will be produced before the court on January 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346432", "title": "After 20 years, SIT nabs senior cop's 'killer'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly 20 years after a senior police officer was gunned down in Tolichowki area, one of the key players in the crime was arrested by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Monday.Mohammed Najeeb Ahmed, brother of the notorious Mohammed Mujeeb Ahmed who is a convict in several criminal cases, had disappeared from the scene soon after Additional Superintendent of Police Krishna Prasad was killed in November 1992. The police had then arrested Mujeeb and several of their family members. Najeeb figured as accused no. 12 in the murder case.Officials of city police said that Najeeb changed his identity to Mohammed Sikander Ali and took shelter in West Bengal to avoid arrest. \"Najeeb had been evading arrest by frequently changing his residence besides his name,\" a SIT official told TOI.Police said that Najeeb had been shuttling between West Bengal and Hyderabad since his wife and nine children reside in Bandlaguda, Chandrayangutta. Knowing that the police were on the look out for Najeeb, his family changed at least 20 houses in the last two decades. \"It is pertinent to mention that the absconding accused Najeeb Ahmed did not even visit the funeral of his daughter Farheen, as police was searching for him,'' Deputy Commissioner of Police (Detective) J Satyanarayana said.According to sources the police had picked up Najeeb a few days ago and interrogated him thoroughly to find out about his links with terror groups and the activities he had been involved when he was at large.Najeeb was produced before a magistrate in the Nampally criminal court and sent to judicial remand till January 17. Central crime station officials are planning to move a petition to seek Najeeb's police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345504", "title": "Indian space scientists root for Mission Mars", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The country's top scientists have suggested at least 10 different experiments that can be conducted to study the atmosphere of Mars, as work on a possible Indian mission to the Red Planet gathers steam.Working at the Physical Research Laboratory (PRL), the scientists have formed the Mars Mission Study Team, considered a precursor to the mission. It will prepare the science and mission scenarios for Isro. Some scientists even feel that the mission to Mars must be given precedence over India's second mission to the moon, Chandrayaan-2, since India has already done a lunar mission successfully.Although Isro has not given a formal go-ahead to the Mars mission, a scientist told TOI on condition of anonymity, \"Martian fever has gripped many of our scientists at PRL and we hope it spreads to the Isro headquarters in Bangalore soon.\"Last year, a brainstorming session on Mars science and exploration was held at PRL as a preparatory step for the exploration plans. This twoday session served as an initial platform for scientists and students to fuel their ideas, proposals and plans for an Indian Mars mission.In fact their planning has progressed to such an extent that even the provisional launch windows have been fixed for lift-off from Sriharikota. These could be either in 2013, 2016 or 2018 which will provide an energy-saving trajectory to Mars.According to the scientists, if the launch takes place in November 2013, the Indian spacecraft will enter the orbit around Mars in September 2014. It will be an orbiting mission and not a landing one. On reaching Mars after a 10-month flight, the spacecraft will operate in a highly elliptical orbit of 500 km X 80,000 km picking up scientific data. If this much-awaited mission finally gets off the ground with approvals of Isro, the Space Commission and the Union Cabinet, only some of 10 experiments and payloads will be selected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "srinagar/new delhi", "code": "11345531", "title": "\u2018No AFSPA cover for arrested CISF troops\u2019", "text": "SRINAGAR/NEW DELHI: The death of a 25-year-old youth in Baramulla on Monday in CISF firing happened during a protest against frequent power cuts. The police said around 500 people were protesting outside the NHPC power project in the region. There has been a spate of protests across the Valley over power shortage past two weeks.The killing led to tension in the area with residents holding more demonstrations demanding the arrest of security personnel involved in the firing. The state government has lodged a protest with the Union home ministry.\"Five CISF personnel were arrested following the firing in Boniyar,\" said DIG (North Kashmir) Muneer Khan.Reacting to the incident, CM Omar Abdullah tweeted: \"Tragic beginning to the new year... Inexcusable use of force in Uri today. Swift &amp; exemplary action has followed. Law will now follow course.\" He also said there would be no protection under AFSPA for the five arrested CISF personnel as they were not on counter-insurgency deployment.\"The CISF has initiated an internal inquiry to find out what went wrong during the protest outside the NHPC-run Uri power project at Boniyar area of Baramulla district,\" said an MHA official.Power cuts have been severe this winter in some parts with three evening cuts during a week between 6 and 10pm (4 hours). This is followed by two nightlong cuts between 10pm and 5am (seven hours) a week in unmetered areas. Further, there are also power cuts during the day between 8am to 1pm (five hours) and 1am to 6pm (five hours) three or four times a week in unmetered areas.\"The state's power generation stands at 758MW against the peak demand of more than 2100MW. During winters, the local generation dips to around 300MW due to fall in river discharge on which hydel projects are based,\" said chief engineer Muzaffar Ahmad Mattoo. Omar despatched a high level team comprising ministers Taj Mohiuddin, Nasir Aslam Wani and DGP Kuldeep Khoda to Uri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11344968", "title": "Govt may adopt stringent law to regularize clinics", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dentist practising in a one-room set-up across the road or the neighbourhood doctor who doles out medicines for fever and chills may be covered under a Central law soon. The Directorate of Health Services (DHS), Delhi Government, is mulling the implementation of Clinical Establishments Act 2010, to regularize clinics and diagnostic centres across the capital. The existing law, Delhi Nursing Homes Registration Act, 1953, covers only 24X7 nursing and hospitals which deal in the allopathic system of medicine.State health minister A K Walia, who has held several rounds of meetings with the parties concerned, including Indian Medical Association (IMA), said that medical practitioners have opposed certain provisions of the Act and a consensus will be reached soon.A senior official in DHS said, \"There is ambiguity on whether the Central Act notified in August 2010 is applicable to Delhi as it is a Union territory. Sub-section 1 of Section 56 of the Act says the 'provisions shall not apply to the states in which the enactment specified in the Schedule - The Delhi Nursing Homes Registration Act, 1953 - is applicable. We have requested the law ministry to clarify.\"He said that once enacted the law would help in standardizing services and charges. \"Today, there is no system for quality check in diagnostic laboratories and small clinics. Any qualified medical professional can start a clinic without the requisite number of trained nurses or paramedical staff. But under the new act, they will have to follow the minimum requirements for facilities and manpower. There is provision for maintenance of records and reporting to the regulatory body which will help in getting correct estimates about the epidemiology of diseases in a certain part of the city. For example, notified diseases like dengue and chikungunya are not reported by small nursing homes and clinics. This proves to be an impediment in identifying the affected population and initiating measures like anti-larval operations,\" he said.The Act also mentions heavy penalties up to Rs five lakh against defaulters. Those practising homeopathy , ayurveda and other alternative systems of medicine will also be covered under the law. The Act makes it mandatory that no one who is brought in an \"emergency medical condition\", to any doctor/hospital can be turned away or denied appropriate treatment.However, medical practitioners have raised objections against the heavy penalties proposed and provisions like stabilizing critical patients. \"How can a single doctor stabilize such a patient? Who will stand for the doctor if the patient's relative claim medical negligence and approach the court? Such patients must be sent to a hospital having the requisite facility\", said Dr D R Rai, secretary general,IMA. He said that the minimum standards proposed under the new Act will mean disqualification of 50% of the existing facilities. \"Doctors are already covered under more than 40 laws. The Bill would give regulators excessive authority,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11350816", "title": "Rajesh Khanna celebrates 69th b'day in Goa", "text": "He ushered in his 69th birthday on a yacht in Goa, with his family by his side and his star son-in-law Akshay Kumar hosting the bash .And in a long interview recently, Rajesh Khanna had spoken eloquently and convincingly about his comeback plans and his zest for life.Now, it appears that the veteran actor, who has fought back a bout of serious illness, may be looking at revising an old passion as well. It has nothing to do with acting. Khanna, we are told, is meeting some of his old acquaintances in the capital, where he headed right after the Goa sojourn. In fact, according to reliable sources, he may be lobbying hard to get a berth in the Rajya Sabha, like some of his peers. Somehow, it all falls into place. After a surprise meeting and photo-op with Bal Thackeray and the mention of his short-lived political adventure, it is clear that the yesteryear superstar may have planned his autumn years better than what most people would have anticipated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11344914", "title": "Man crushed by bus while saving woman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 33-year-old man was crushed by a low-floor DTC bus in the Prasad Nagar area in central Delhi on Monday morning. Police sources said Sarwan Kumar, a resident of Basai village in Moti Nagar, was killed in a bid to save a woman from being crushed by the bus. They said the woman was unaware of the speeding bus coming from behind.The police said, the bus, which was plying between Mori Gate and Uttam Nagar, was being driven in a rash manner. The bus hit Sarwan's scooter from the rear on Pusa Road near Rajendra Place.The victim fell on the road and began to bleed profusely. Passers-by dialed 100 and informed cops about he accident, the police said.\"We received a call regarding the incident around 11am. The victim was rushed to a hospital where he was declared brought dead. The errant driver, Raj Singh, has been arrested and a case of causing death due to negligence and rash driving has been registered. The accident cell is investigating the case,\" said a senior police officer.Police data till December 15, 2011 give out that DTC buses have caused 79 fatal accidents, killing 80 people. In 2010, 49 deaths resulted in 48 accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344361", "title": "Benefits of growth doesn't reach poor: Thorat", "text": "NAGPUR: The country may have grown leaps and bounds economically, but the benefits of the growth hasn't reached the poor. \"The fruits of the growth are pocketed by a particular sector, not the poor,\" said former chairman of University Grants Commission Sukhdeo Thorat.Thorat, who is the chairman of the Indian Council of Social Science Research, was addressing a convention titled 'Saga of regional development' at Shivaji Science College. Principal of Dhanwate National College Babanrao Taywade presided over the function.organized by Amravati's Shivaji Education Society. Member of Dr Ambedkar National Foundation ML Kasare, social worker Vimal Thorat, ex-minister Madhukar Kimmatkar, principal of Shivaji Science College DK Burghate accompanied the dignitary.Thorat said that poverty being a cumulative indicator of progress can sufficiently depict regional imbalance in development of Maharashtra. Witnessing regional imbalance in development, he suggested people to demand a compensation for Vidarbha and other poorly developed regions of Maharashtra.The National Sample Survey of India (NSSI) has divided Maharashtra into six regions. As per NSSI information, the rate of poverty in central part of state is nearly three times than in coastal region. In Maharashtra, 30.5% of the total population falls below poverty line. Region wise it is observed that 48% of population in central region is poor. Vidarbha has 45% people in BPL category far ahead of coastal Maharashtra (17%) and western region (18%).Thorat, a Padma Shree awardee, said, \"Increase in per capita income which is considered as primary growth indicator has been substituted with inclusive growth mechanism in the 11th and 12th five year plans.\" He said that inclusive growth ensures the outcome of the economic growth in terms of human development factors, especially considering the poor. He added that it would help reduce economic gap between the rich and poor.He said, \"Vidarbha has a good potential to develop agro-based industries but due to lack of funds it suffers a backlog. In last 60 years the state has extensively invested in western Maharashtra which led to a phenomenal rise of cotton, textile, crushing mills in the region. Vidarbha only the fed the resources, hence it lagged behind in the race of development.\"Thorat suggested Nagpur University vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal to hold a non-political discussion on regional development and submit the observations to Vijay Kelkar committee.According to the guest speaker, \"Vidarbha and other backward regions must not settle on assurances from the state government; rather they must demand outcome-based growth target for development of the region, along with financial support in accordance to it\". He suggested proposing state government to include regional participation in policymaking, monitoring and administrative mechanism for the above draft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345386", "title": "Manish terms coal price hike 'anti-people move'", "text": "KOLKATA: State power minister Manish Gupta on Monday shot off \"strong worded letters\" to his counterpart in the Centre Sushil Shinde and coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal opposing the restructuring of coal prices. The decision on restructuring was taken by the Centre last week to shift from \"useful heat value\" (UHV) in determining coal price to \"gross calorific value\" (GCV) based price mechanism from January 1.GCV measures the amount of heat released by carbon and hydrogen in coal when it is heated and is an internationally accepted pricing mechanism. However, due to the high-ash content in Indian coal, the UHV mechanism was followed here, which took into account the heat trapped in ash. In Indian coal, GCV is 25% higher than UHV.The revision of coal prices as per international norms will hike input costs of power utilities for which consumers may have to pay more once the new price is passed on power tariff. The plight of the state power utilities will be even worse. They will either have to step down generation leading to blackouts. Else, the government that prevented the WBSEB from making tariff revision applications to the West Bengal State Electricity Regulatory Commission (WBSERC) will have to announce huge subsidy to light up the boilers.A look at the coal mix used in thermal power plants of Bengal, both public and private, shows how the shift in fixing of coal prices might affect the consumer. Calculations may vary for the old and new plants, but in most cases coal input cost would be higher by at least 50%, if the price chart released by the Eastern Coalfields Ltd (ECL) is any indication.Most of the thermal plants from Kolaghat to Santaldih or the New Cossipore plant of the CESC use a mix of the earlier B &amp; C grade coal where the price hike ranges between 10% and 132%. For the two categories of C grade coal, which is used in large quantity in power plants, the new price has been increased by 71% and 132%.Coal allocation for power plants under the West Bengal Power Development Corporation (WBPDCL) reveals that they come under B and C category. According to a power official, the new thermal power plants such as the one at Sagardighi use F category coal where the hike is no less than 28%.Calling it an \"anti-people move\", Gupta complained that there was no transparency about why such a decision was taken. This new way of determining coal price may badly affect not just Bengal but also other coal-producing states like Odisha, Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and so on, feels Gupta.The restructuring was the result of an approval given to a proposal by the board of directors at Coal India Ltd (CIL) on Friday, which makes the new pricing system come into effect from midnight 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11346252", "title": "Power loom workers strike for 8th day, several arrested", "text": "MADURAI: Over seven hundred power loom workers including 70 women and 12 children, who staged a road blockade pressing for various demands as their strike entered the eighth day here on Monday, were arrested by the police in Sankarankoil in Tirunelveli district on Monday.Sankarankoil has about 7,000 power looms employing over 10,000 local people including men and women. Saris, lungis and terry towels manufactured here are marketed throughout Tamil Nadu and also exported. These workers went on an indefinite strike from December 26, demanding a 75 per cent hike in wages and also increase in leave pay among other demands. Their demands have not yet been met.CITU district secretary A Madasamy said these people who work for nearly 11 hours a day get paid between Rs 120 to 150 per day. \"In 2009, they had demanded a pay hike of 13 per cent and got the same, but the prices of essential commodities have sky rocketed, which is making it difficult for these workers to make ends meet. This is why they are on strike,\" he said.They were demanding a 75 per cent hike and also a leave pay of Rs 150 against the present Rs 50. Even if their demand is met, it would only work out to less than Rs 500, according to him. Also, a lungi that was sold for Rs 55 in 2009 costs Rs 120 today. A sari that is sold at Rs 150 is worth Rs 265, and hence increasing their pay is feasible. Madasamy said the labour department was non-committal to their demands and that the district administration and revenue department should come forward to resolve the issue.Those arrested included CITU district president M Natarajan CITU secretary A Madasamy, contract weavers association president S Dharmalingam, women and children. Traffic was disrupted for sometime due to the road blockade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345429", "title": "Two nabbed for duping people of Rs 1.25 cr", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two Ponzi scheme operators were arrested by Navrangpura police officials on Monday in connection with a Rs 1.25 crore cheating case. According to officials, Ashraf Pathan, a resident of Shahpur, had filed a complaint that he had invested in a scheme named FLA Associates floated by Shahnawaz Qureshi and Ahmed Husain Qureshi, both residents of Shahpur and having their office on Ashram Road.Pathan had invested Rs 23 lakh and convinced his relatives to invest another Rs 75 lakh in FLA Associates as the duo had assured them of 10 per cent monthly returns. In July, Qureshi and his associates closed shop and disappeared from the city.\"We got at tip-off that the duo had come back to the city to meet some of their associates. During their questioning, we got to know that they had invested Rs 2.65 crore in a Ponzi scheme named Sree Balaji, floated by a businessman in Chennai. They were apparently duped by the Tamil Nadu firm. Search for their partners is on,\" said a Navrangpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "backdrop", "code": "11345503", "title": "Man seeking med insurance for ailing mom gets relief", "text": "Backdrop:Mediclaim policies normally cover hospitalization expenses. Treatment given on OPD basis as an outdoor patient is usually not covered, barring certain exceptions like chemotherapy.Case Study:Rajesh Nambiar's employers had taken a group mediclaim policy from National Insurance, which was renewed over the years. Nambiar and his family were thus continuously covered since the last 16 years.During the tenure of the policy, Nambiar's mother was diagnosed with moderate osteoarthritis of both knees, for which she was treated with Rotational Field Quantum Magnetic Resonance (RFQMR) at SBF Healthcare. This treatment was given on a day care basis for a period of 21 days, and included exposing her to radio frequency beams daily for one hour, followed by physiotherapy. She was advised to take vitamins and follow certain diet restrictions. The total cost of this treatment came to Rs 87,763.Nambiar routed the claim through his employers. The insurance company refused to pay, citing \"day care treatment\" to be excluded under the policy. On a request to reconsider the claim, a new reason was cited for rejection, viz. naturopathy, unproven procedure / treatment, experimental or alter- native medicines / treatment including acupuncture , acupressure, magneto therapy, etc. was not payable as per the policy terms. Nambiar then approached the insurance ombudsman, who held that the claim was rightly rejected.Ultimately, a consumer complaint was filed before the South Mumbai District Forum, where Nambiar appeared and argued the case. The insurance company objected to the jurisdiction of the consumer forum on the ground that the policy had been issued by the Delhi office. The forum rejected this argument, observing that Nambiar's employers had taken a group mediclaim policy which covered all employees, including Nambiar, working in Mumbai. His mother was operated upon in Mumbai. The insurance company had not objected to the jurisdiction of the insurance ombudsman for Maharashtra &amp; Goa. Hence, the objection was devoid of substance.On merits, the forum observed that RFQMR is a treatment possible due to technological advancement. It is widely used and recognized. Even the Punjab government has recommended this treatment for its employees. Claims for RFQMR are being sanctioned by Bajaj Allianz, Oriental Insurance and certain Third Party Administrators (TPAs). Hence, it cannot be termed as experimental or unproven treatment.Even though the treatment was given on \"day care\" basis, the claim would payable. This is because the policy provides for payment of claims where treatment involves specialized infrastructural facilities available only in a hospital, but due to technological progress , hospitalization is for less than 24 hours or where the surgical procedure has to be done under general anaesthesia.Accordingly, the forum held that the claim of Rs 87,763 must be paid along with 9% interest from September 8, 2009. In addition, Rs 5,000 was awarded as compensation for mental harassment and Rs 2,000 as costs. (Judgement dated September 28, 2009 delivered by Mr. Dhumal, President Mumbai Disof South trict Forum, on behalf of the Bench comprising of himself and member S.S. Patil).Nambiar has stated that the insurance company has settled his claim as per the forum's order.Impact:Those who take sophisticated, advanced treatment which does not require hospitalization, can now be hopeful of being reimbursed for the treatment charges incurred by them.The author is a consumer activist and has won the government of India's National Youth Award for Consumer Protection. His email is jehangir_gai@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11345595", "title": "PO which will delivers dak to Prez is in ruins", "text": "HYDERABAD: A century-old post office (PO) in Bolarum, Secunderabad has the privilege of delivering dak (letters) to none other than the first citizen of the country during the president's annual southern sojourn here. Though modern communication systems have reduced the load on the post office over the years, it continues to deliver mail/parcels at the doorstep of the president at Rashtrapathi Nilayam, the only official residence of the first citizen in south India, every day. Alas, the post office that has been serving presidents for over six decades right from Rajendra Prasad to the incumbent Pratibha Patil, lies in a state of neglect.As per official records, the post office, located adjacent to the high-security RP Nilayam, had started offering telegraph services in 1860 and later postal services began from 1950 onwards. Since then, the PO has been rendering services to the citizens, including the President.\"The tradition of delivering letters and parcels started from the period of Rajendra Prasad, the first president of independent India. The Rashtrapathi Bhavan, Delhi, authorities used to send dak in 10 to 15 mail bags by flight or train. Soon after receiving them, we used to sort out the dak and deliver it at the president's doorstep,\" T Guruvaiah, a retired postmaster who served for over three decades at the post office, told TOI.\"Earlier, presidents used to stay at R P Nilayam for nearly 40 days and during that period we used to deliver nearly 700 letters and over 50 parcels. From the era of Shankar Dayal Sharma, who stayed at the RP Nilayam in the late 90s, the numbers started dwindling,\" he added.G Sheshagiri Rao, a senior postman, said, \"I used to sort out letters and parcels during President Shankar Dayal Sharma's visit here. We felt privileged as we got an opportunity to serve the president. It was an honour for us as Shankar Dayal Sharma posed for a photograph with us during his stay at the RP Nilayam.\"\"We do not know what the parcels contain because the mail bags used to be affixed with a seal by the Rashtrapathi Bhavan authorities,\" he replied.Rapid changes in the communication field could be the reason for decrease in letters and parcels, a senior postal department employee analysed. \"It is a fact that dak decreased. Now, the Rashtrapathi Bhavan authorities are sending confidential matters through e-mails,\" Bolarum postmaster A Durga Rao claimed.Postman G Mahesh, 34, who has been delivering letters and parcels to President Pratibha Patil during her stay at the RP Nilayam in the past few years, said, \"I used to deliver close to 100 letters and parcels during the President's stay in the recent past. On Monday, I delivered 10 letters and parcels to the VVIP.\"Incidentally, presidents V V Giri and Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy visited the post office during their strolls on the 90-acre RP Nilayam premises. Though it has historical value, the post office lies in a state of neglect.When contacted, assistant director (Buildings), Postal Department, R Srihari, said, \"We have sent proposals to renovate the post office at an estimated cost of Rs 10 lakhs to higher-ups in Delhi for final approval. Till date, we have not received any communication. Once, they give the green signal, renovation works will be taken up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11346327", "title": "Tamil Nadu trade body to hold talks with Kerala counterparts", "text": "MADURAI: The Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry has decided to hold talks with trade and industry representatives from Kerala to discuss about the problems faced by the business community due to the Mullaperiyar dam row and iron out issues to resume trade.TNCCI senior president S Rethinavelu said that they are planning to hold talks with Kerala Vyabara Vivasaya Ekobana Samiti, an industrial body in the neighbouring state. \"We are yet to contact them. We will communicate to them about our wish to hold talks and if they reciprocate positively, we will sit together and discuss issues,\" Rethinavelu said.\"All we want is that the trade and industry people should not be affected on either side of the borders. While Kerala is affected due to non-supply of essential commodities, the traders and farmers in Tamil Nadu are also very much affected due to the stalling of vehicular movement. This should be resolved,\" he added.Rethinavelu clarified that TNCCI would not go into the merits of the dam, but only stick to the economical issues due to the dam row. Farmers too have mooted the idea of holding talks with the Kerala counterparts to stall and reverse the mutual distrust. K M Abbas, former president of Vaigai Periyar Command Area Farmers said that trade and farmers representatives from Kerala were also ready to hold talks.Meanwhile, bus and vehicular movement to Kerala border from Theni resumed on Monday, though no essential commodities were transported.The villagers who were protesting against the Kerala government's stand on Mullaperiyar dam had stalled bus and vehicular movement to Kerala as well as Kumily, the town bordering Tamil Nadu's Theni district and Kerala's Idukki district since December 5, 2011. After a gap of about 20 days, bus services resumed from Cumbum and Lower Camp to Kumily, Cumbum Mettu and Bodi Mettu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "beijing/new delhi", "code": "11345924", "title": "'Treatment of diplomat violation of Vienna norms'", "text": "BEIJING/NEW DELHI: Shyamsundar Agarwal and Deepak Raheja, who were held in China, were left to face the ire of the Chinese after the owner of Yemeni firm Euro Global Trading Mahir Faoud Husain Bazaara they were working for disappeared without paying dues. They were picked up by Chinese traders, who allegedly gave large sums of money to the company.Indian officials are trying to persuade Chinese authorities to provide police protection to the two Indians, who are complaining of hideous conditions. \"We have been tortured for two weeks by the traders. The police have agreed to let us stay in the police station until tomorrow morning. Please help us. We don't know what will happen if we leave these premises,\" Agarwal said.India has protested that the treatment to its diplomat is a contravention of the Vienna Convention. In Delhi, answering questions, Chinese diplomat Zhang Yue said, \"This seems to be a civic-commercial dispute. We would do our best to handle this properly.\"The two Indians have pleaded that they can hardly be called to account for the Yemeni company's actions. \"I am an ordinary clerk in the company. I have bought nothing from the Chinese traders. But they are demanding money from me because our company owner has vanished after making the purchases,\" Agarwal said. He added he did not know what papers he has signed during the interrogation and torture. \"We have done nothing wrong. But they can now use the papers to show we made the purchases and did not pay for it,\" he said. The buying was done by his employer who owns the firm Euro Global Trading, he said.In Delhi on Monday, Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari said, \"It's incumbent on MEA to raise the issue with China and take it to its logical conclusion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11347885", "title": "Tourist bus strike in Puri", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tourist buses stayed off roads in Puri following a strike by tourist bus employees' association in the town on Monday. The bus drivers and conductors resorted to ceasework agitation demanding hike in salary and insurance facilities for them from the bus owners.Tourists faced untold hardship due to the strike and relied on taxi and auto-rickshaws to travel to different tourist destinations.\"The taxis charged exorbitant prices to transport us to neighbouring tourist destinations. We had no choice but to pay more price,\" said Santanu Mukherjee, a tourist. \"The government should come forward to negotiate between the bus owners and their employees to end the stir. We are suffering unnecessarily,\" he added.Saroj Padhy, a bus employee, however, said, \"We will not budge an inch from our protest unless our salary is hiked. Tourists should support us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348689", "title": "Ustad Rashid Khan's son's birthday bash in Kolkata", "text": "Pranam, Ghajini\" - That's how Bickram Ghoshgreeted Ustad Rashid Khan at the birthday bash of the vocalist's son on January 1.Khan, of course, was a little surprised with the new moniker and it took him close to 10 minutes to fathom the connection between him and \"Ghajini\". Patting his back, Bickram said, \"I read in the papers that you would be performing for Aamir Khan and that's how I thought of the \"Ghajini\" connect.\"The night wore on and celebrations of Armaan (Khan's son) continued in full swing. With musical renditions by Dipan and Kalyanjit, more wisecracks followed. Pt Debojyoti Bose called Khan aside and said, \"If Bickram calls you Ghajini , you give it back to him and say, \"Pranam, Iron Man\". These days, Bickram has graduated from endorsing milk to steel. So, if you are Ghajini, we should all call Bickram, the Iron Man of Bengal!\"Soon PT Tanmoy Bose joined in the fun and, then, there was no stopping the Bickram-Tanmoy duo from playing pranks. Naughty jokes were exchanged freely that had both Gargi and Swastika go red in the face. Swastika, Bickram and Khan shared their stories of having judged a show together and how Khan had shown a placard which had the 'mindblowing' tag written on it to one of the most lousy participants on the show. \"The contestant literally blew my mind away and the only way I could voice my opinion was to say that sarcastically!\" Khan said.Meanwhile, Swastika brought up the topic of how unconvincing Bickram was in the lovemaking scenes of \"Hothat Neerar Jonnye\". A mock-fight ensued between the two only to be punctuated by a call to Bickram to hit the dance floor on the lawns that rocked to the DJ mix of \"Chammak challo\" to \" Kolaveri Di\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11347914", "title": "KMC still in process of setting up 'raen baseras'", "text": "KANPUR: The cold conditions have revived after the rainfall on Sunday but the authorities of Kanpur municipal corporation have yet not set up temporary night shelters for the homeless.\"We have made arrangements for bonfires at more than 45 places that include railway station, roadways bus stand, Phoolbagh, UHM emergency, Gwaltoli maternity centre and many other areas,\" claimed municipal commissioner. The civic body used to arrange bonfires at 80 places till last winter season.The real picture is quite contrary to the claims made by KMC officials. The people, specially children are seen burning heaps of garbage and other waste material scattered on the streets in areas like VIP Road, railway station, bus stand and Parade Chauraha, all are in the list of KMC where bonfires should be lit.\"We cannot see bonfires anywhere here thoughout the winter,\" said Manoj, a roadside vendor near Parade Chauraha.The local residents claimed that the KMC van came to place wood but that was just a formality. The employees threw some pieces of wood which were wet and insufficient to give warmth even for a few hours.The civic body is yet to show promptness in setting up 'raen baseras' (temporary tent shelters). KMC official Rajiv Shukla said seven new temporary shelter houses are under preparation, out of which two are functioning. \"Blankets, sheets, pillows and all necessary items will be provided in these shelter homes.\"Many organisations, social activists and NGOs have started lighting bonfires. \"We have started lighting the bonfire at the 'rein basera' on Express Road and other three other spots. We try to provide food and bedding in the shelter homes,\" a member of a NGO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11343907", "title": "JJ hospital gets nod for revamp, yet to clear fire test", "text": "MUMBAI: The state cabinet on Monday approved the plan for the makeover of JJ Hospital. A new 20-storey tower, which will be used to house super-specialty medical facilities, will be constructed on the premises of the hospital in south Mumbai. However, the authorities will first have to clear the \"fire\" test, that is, fire-safety hurdle.The new building at JJ Hospital, which will have 582 beds, will be constructed at a cost of over Rs 376 crore. Out of the total beds, 282 will be used for 16 departments offering super-specialty facilities, including neurology, paediatrics, plastic surgery, gastroenterology, cardio- vascular, thoracic surgery, oncology, immuno-haemotology and radiotherapy.Two hostels, Wilson and Wadia, will be demolished to make way for the building and 5.32 FSI will be used for the construction. The existing OPD will be shifted to the ground and first floors. Super-specialty facilities will be on the second to ninth and 20th floors. The others will be used for nursing home facilities.After the meeting, medical education department minister Dr Vijaykumar Gavit said the new facility would also facilitate the increase in intake capacity for the hospital from 200 to 250. A new 13-storey building will also be set up for a hostel for the students. Another building to house state employees could come up too. The entire cost of construction could add up to Rs 479 crore. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said the move would also give impetus for an \" AIIMS\" status to the hospital.But the plan has a major hurdle. Existing fire safety norms disallow the construction of a hospital or a school beyond 30 m in the island city but the state's design for the new building, puts the height at 70 m. The state has requested to relax the fire rule in the \"special\" case.Besides, the cabinet has granted the approval for the setting up of new medical colleges in Mumbai, Raigad, Nandurbar and Satara, each with an intake capacity of 100 students. The new college in Mumbai will be on the premises of Gokuldas Tejpal Hospital. The cabinet also gave in-principle approval for a state-of-the-art hospital in each of the eastern and western suburb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346683", "title": "CEO office reacts to Badal's outburst", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Reacting strongly to chief minister Parkash Singh Badal's \"accusations\" that the CEO office was overstepping its constitutional mandate, chief electoral officer Kusumjit Sidhu on Monday hit back by saying that she and her office staff were simply doing their duty.Responding to media queries on CM's statement, Sidhu said, \"I have been made the chief electoral officer by the state government. The Election Commission is responsible for all decisions I make and actions that I take as the CEO. I am only doing my job to the best of my ability.\"Reiterating that she had \"no comments\" to make on the observation of the chief minister about functioning of the EC in the state, Sidhu said, \"It is not for me to speak on this.\"The chief minister had said that he had been forced to point this out because the \"persistent interference of these officials even in the day to day affairs of governance was causing major and needless inconvenience\". Sidhu, however, said, \"Whatever we are doing is for a free and fair election process.\"Implying that the EC was drawing flak from the government for doing mass transfers, across departments, ahead of the elections, Sidhu said, \"If the state government had done the needful on their own then Election Commission would not have required moving any officers. We have been telling the government to appoint or move ROs according to norms, since last July, but it was not done till the poll date was announced. As far as the police is concerned, they came to us with a list of vacant posts to be filled, and we agreed.\"On health department's claims that it was not filling posts as the EC had not given permission. Sidhu said, \"The principal secretary (health) sought permission for filling the posts. But we sent the request back as it has not come through the proper channel which is the chief secretary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11346702", "title": "Tribal areas undergoing socio-economic transformation in Himachal: Study", "text": "SHIMLA: Some of the tribal areas in Himachal are undergoing significant socio-economic development changes in terms of literacy, educational patterns, societal structure and other aspects according to a study, 'Socio-economic development in tribal areas of HP since inception of tribal sub-plan 1974', conducted under the aegis of Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR) by a geographer of Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) Dr B R Thakur in the five notified tribal regions of Kinnaur, Lahaul, Spiti, Pangi and Bharmaur.Thakur said, \"Anthropologically HP cannot be termed a tribal state, yet it is inhabited by significant tribes which constitute nearly 4% of the total population. The tribal socio-cultural milieu in Himachal is unique in terms of certain cultural aspects. Facing hostile topographical conditions, extreme cold and dry agro-climatic conditions, a non-industrialized economy and limited basic infrastructural facilities, the tribes are not homogenous groups and some continue to be backward despite development programmes having been implemented.\"Polyandry and polygamy marriage practices are on the decline and the incidence of child marriages has declined in almost all the tribal areas. About 64% of the residents of these sample households talked in Hindi despite having their own tribal dialects. The proportion of nuclear families was higher than joint families, indicating a changing social milieu within the tribal region. Overall literacy rates of the region have increased and female literacy has also increased significantly from 7.31% in 1971 to 50% in 2001 and gender disparity in this regard has declined. Enrollment in primary education has increased but it has not increased at the same pace in secondary and higher education.The housing and sanitation conditions have improved, particularly in Kinnaur, Lahaul and Spiti. There has been a continuous increase in the proportion of people living in 'pucca' houses, having toilets and in-house water connections in all the areas. There has been growth in LPG connections, TV sets, newspaper and cell phones. More people are exposed to communication and media facilities in Lahaul, Kinnaur and Spiti than Bharmaur and Pangi blocks, according to the study. The cropping pattern has changed in these areas and traditional crops including small millet have been replaced by pulses and non-food grain crops like apple.The pace of transformation in the tribal region is higher in Kinnaur, Lahaul and Bharmaur due to suitable agro-climatic conditions and better accessibility. The cropping pattern of the region is still dominated by food grains except Kinnaur district where apple cultivation continues to dominate the cropping pattern.Thakur said, \"The study was conducted to assess social transformation of tribal people, social and demographic characteristics, economic transformation, modernization of agriculture, changing occupational patterns, work participation rates, workforce structure, physical and social infrastructural development in education, healthcare, drinking water, electricity, roads and communication facilities, besides other aspects.\" A total of 1,132 households were surveyed in the five regions for the study taking samples of villages from each region and the sampling criteria included one community block headquarter, the largest populated but accessible village and the largest populated but inaccessible village as per census 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344509", "title": "Miracle baby is OK, says doctor", "text": "NAGPUR: The miracle baby of 2012, born of a dead mother in the wee hours of January 1, is on its way to recovery from the initial trauma. Paediatrician Dr Milind Mandlik said on Monday that the baby boy is fast improving at a private hospital for children at Dhantoli.\"The baby is out of ventilation but the IV fluids and oxygen are being continued. He is doing well overall,\" said Dr Mandlik. He added that the doctors are yet to start feeding the baby. \"We want to wait for 24 hours without ventilation before starting to feed the baby,\" said Dr Mandlik.Gynaecologist Dr Seema Dande had conducted a post mortem caesarean section on deceased Sarika Mogre to deliver the baby around 25 minutes after she was declared dead. Sarika had been brought to Dande hospital profusely bleeding from the mouth and nose but declared dead before admission.It was Resident Medical Officer Dr Dheeraj Kadukar who felt the baby's heart was still beating inside the dead woman. He informed Dr Seema, who performed the surgery with her team. Though the surgery was successful, doctors have not ruled out the possibility of neurological problems cropping up in the baby in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346475", "title": "Over 400 killed in road accidents in 2011", "text": "PUNE: The number of fatalities in road mishaps in the city has once again crossed the 400-mark in one year. In 2011, as many as 417 people died in road mishaps in the city, as against 439 who lost their lives in the year 2010.Traffic officials who expressed concern over the high number of fatalities say that the only comforting factor in the year 2011 was that the number of deaths have reduced.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) said on Monday that the number of fatal mishaps had shown a decrease in 2011 as compared to the corresponding figures in the year 2010. While there were 399 fatal mishaps in 2011, in the previous year the figure was 417. Asked to comment on the reasons why the number of fatal mishaps had reduced, Pandhre said that no one factor can be attributed for the reduction. `One can only say that motorists took the necessary precautions. the number can further come down if motorists follow safe driving practices'', he said. Awareness about road traffic safety is increasing, but it has to spread further, he added.As per the statistics of the traffic branch, road accidents have claimed more than 400 lives in the city every year since 2007. Between 2007 and 2011, a total of 2141 persons have lost their lives. The average number of deaths per year is 428.The number of serious injuries and the number of persons seriously injured in road mishaps has also shown a decrease in 2011, as compared to the figures in the year 2010. As many as 468 persons were seriously injured in a total of 439 mishaps in 2011. The number of mishaps with minor injuries was 687, in which 832 people were affected.Pandhre said that in the year 2012, the traffic branch will be focussing on improving the road infrastructure such as road signages, pedestrian crossings, and lane markings. He said that condition of roads too need to be improved and that public awareness about road safety and traffic discipline has to be increased. Solving traffic problems is the collective responsibility of everyone including various organisations like the municipal corporations, PMPML, citizens and so on. Traffic situation will improve only if all these organisations collectively do their respective jobs, he said. The traffic branch, he said, is planning to make short films with the help of NGOs and other institutions on traffic awareness. This, he said, will make people aware about road safety and traffic discipline.The city traffic branch has launched a 24x7 mobile phone helpline service from January 1. The new helpline (8888004455) will enable road users to send SMS alerts to the traffic police about vehicular jam and commotion, besides info on accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348640", "title": "I would want Didi to record: Jeet Gannguli", "text": "If there's a will, there's a way. And that holds true for even the busiest woman in town.It's well-known that chief minister Mamata Banerjee is passionate about things other than politics. Be it painting or poetry, the CM has taken an active interest in the creative arts. Now, it's music - and Tollywood's hit composer, Jeet Gannguli, is composing tunes for Didi.The story goes back to the day Jeet enjoyed a ride with the CM to Town Hall for the 100-year celebrations of the national anthem on December 27. MLA Arup Biswas was with them and it was music all the way.Says Jeet, \"I was amazed to learn about her passion for music. She'd found time in her busy schedule to listen to many of my songs.\" Any particular favourite, we ask. \"\"Tomaye chhara ghum ashena maa\", which is the title track of the megaserial \"Maa\". If I'm not wrong, she watches the serial when she finds time,\" Jeet says.During the journey the CM read out some of the poems she had written during college. Her sense of music left the composer floored. \"She has a great knowledge of the scales and can make a very good singer,\" adds Jeet.On reaching the do, the trio went to the green room, where Didi shared a few verses written by her. \"I asked her why she doesn't sing. Didi told me how she often suffers from a bad throat after delivering a speech. But I felt she should reach out to the masses through her songs.\"Jeet, who is currently in Mumbai, has brought back three of the CM's poems with her. \"I have started working on the tunes. Didi has shared a few unique concepts for the songs. So far, I have had just one sitting with Didi and Arup. I need to exchange more notes with them. I would go by the brief Didi gives me,\" Jeet says.So, is an album on the cards? \"If I am composing, I would definitely want Didi to sing, but it wouldn't be fair to talk about an album rightaway,\" the composer says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "11349922", "title": "Gumla health subcentre to turn into model hospital K A Gupta...", "text": "Gumla: In an innovative move, the district health department here has chalked out a plan to turn the health sub centre at Silam into an advanced rural hospital under the Centre-sponsored National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) soon.Under the integrated action plan (IAP), a new building has been constructed by the district administration in Silam, 6km from the district town on NH-78, in Raidih block.In order to transform the health subcentre into a model rural hospital, civil surgeon Tunul Hembrom said, \"With the full community involvement, objectives of the NRHM will be implemented here to meet the need of health care. In the new building, except operation theatre, the other basic heath services, including labour room, will be there while experienced doctors and a new set of medical staff will be deputed,\" he said adding a meeting with the villagers would be organized soon.District programme manager Jaya Rashma said it would be an example that even the villages would have good medical facilities. A team comprising members from the community will be set up to monitor the centre to help medical officers have a look there.\"The model centre will have a learning point for medical professionals who work in other centres,\" said DC Rahul Sharma .The NRHM aims to reduce child and mother mortality, universal access to public health care services with the stress on services addressing women's and children's health and universal immunization in addition to executing integrated comprehensive primary health care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11344771", "title": "BBMP survey to nail down tax-evading IT firms", "text": "BANGALORE: A cash-strapped BBMP has ordered a survey to reassess buildings in tech and business parks for property tax.BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda issued a note regarding this after corporators, during a recent council meeting, expressed concern that building owners in various tech and business parks had not revealed information regarding the actual built-up areas.As per the note, additional director (town planning) has to identify all tech and business parks in BBMP limits and get a prominent private surveyor to assess the built-up areas in these parks for property tax. Subsequently he will have to submit the information to the deputy commissioner (tax) to check whether the findings match the declarations.The deputy commissioner (tax) has been asked to recover tax dues, if any, from errant IT firms identified by the survey.\"We are still in the process of choosing the private surveyor. That IT companies are evading tax is still a speculation. It might not be true in case of all IT companies functioning in BBMP limits. Some companies might have given us false assessment. We will look into it,\" said IA Ramakanth, joint commissioner (revenue).Tax-violating IT companies could be in all zones, particularly in Mahadevapura and Bommanahalli where tech parks are more in number, he added.Numbers say it allYediyur corporator N R Ramesh alleged that under-assessment of land used by IT companies had caused a loss of Rs 700 crore so far.\"Under the self assessment scheme, IT companies have paid property tax for 69 lakh sq feet of built up area, whereas market research surveys put the actual occupancy at over 3.5 crore sq feet. BBMP revenue records say there are only 13 IT parks in the Palike limits and they pay Rs 60.97 crore as property tax. But in reality, there are 22 of such IT hubs and business parks. The BBMP has issued 130 building plans and 89 of them have been given occupancy certificates to carry out their activities,\" he explained.He suggested that the BBMP use electronic total station (ETS) equipment to figure out land usage by IT companies and business parks through scientific and electronic measurement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346614", "title": "\u2018Mandate against Congress\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While talking to TOI, newly elected councillor from ward number 9 and party general secretary Arun Sood said, \"This is clear that the mandate was completely against the Congress in these MC polls. We, the BJP-SAD, won 12 seat while Congress won 11. Besides, all Congress bigwigs lost their seat. These factors clearly show that public gave the mandate to us, but by taking the help of governor office, Congress managed to get all the three seats.\" He further alleged that the governor office was misused to help Congress party win.Former mayor Harjinder Kaur said, \"The house and its every member must rise above the party politics and work to strengthen democracy.\" Congress president B B Behl said, \"BJP doesn't have anything to offer except allegations. They first levelled allegations against Congress, then governor house and then the CBI.\"Close relatives of at least two Congressmen have been nominated. Dr Amrit Tewari is the mother of Congress MP from Ludhiana Manish Tewari and Dr Shagufta Parveen is the daughter-in-law of former vice-president of Chandigarh Territorial Congress, Khaleel Ahmed.Not just this, the gap of nearly 48 hours between the announcement of MC poll results and declaration of the names of nine nominated councillors has also raised many eyebrows. During MC polls in 2006, the names were announced before the declaration of results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11345237", "title": "Gujarat, China join hands for research", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government on Monday signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Yunnan province of China for cooperation to invest in technical and research and development (R&D;), and exchange of students and faculty.The MoU was signed between Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXTb) and Yunnan's Development Research Centre at Sachivalaya.A senior government official later told TOI that, \"We were the second state to sign up such an MoU with the Development Research Centre's director Li Chon, who came to Gujarat after visiting West Bengal.\"The MoU was signed by iNDEXTb MD Mukesh Kumar on behalf of Gujarat side, in presence of Gujarat chief secretary A K Joti.The iNDEXTb officials said though Yunnan was strong in agriculture, mines, minerals and power generation, in which they intend future cooperation, this was more of an academic tie-up.However, when asked what exactly Yunnan and Gujarat planned to do, K D Vyas, the bureau official who formally \"prepared\" the MoU, said,\"I don't have any details.\" Others were also ignorant about how the MoU would be fructified or the steps that would be taken to implement it. tnnYet, these fields were not as important. \"It is more of an academic tieup. The Development Research Centre works in Yunnan like the Planning Commission in India, carrying out research and planning for the province's economy. We hope to take advantage,\" the official said. The MoU is considered a step towards Gujarat's effort to develop direct relations with China after chief minister Narendra Modi visited that country recently.The officials, however, were not clear on how the MoU would be fructified and what steps would be taken to implement it.When asked what exactly Yunnan and Gujarat planned to do, K D Vyas, the bureau official who formally \"prepared\" the MoU, said,feigned ignorance about the advantages Yunnan province would have for Gujarat, and vice versa.When asked if the study was done of Yunnan province on how it would benefit the state, Vyas repeated, \"I will have to see details. I don't remember the profile of Yunnan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11349924", "title": "RU sports panel meets on Chancellor's Trophy", "text": "RANCHI: The year's first meeting of the sports committee of Ranchi University was held on Monday under the chairmanship of acting vice-chancellor V P Sharan.\"I have called this meeting to make myself aware of the functioning of this chair and how I can help in betterment of the university\", said Sharan.The meeting was called to discuss the organization of the state-level Chancellor's Trophy which will include women's football and Men's volleyball. \"The event would be held in the third week of February with fifteen colleges from all the five universities of Jharkhand participating in it. Apart from these, BIT Mesra and Birsa Agricultural University will also be participating in the event,\" said Sharan.He added that Jharkhand has established itself in the field of sports nationally. \"I plan to organize such competitions to brush up the skills of our students who have a lot of potential to be star in international sports arena,\" he said.Sports representatives and registrars from various colleges were present in the meeting. Sharan said he will be calling a meeting with the department heads of the university soon to discuss the problems of the department and new creative measure to be taken up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346727", "title": "Refund fee to client, IT company told", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Holding a city-based IT company guilty of deficiency in its service, district consumer disputes redressal forum has imposed a heavy penalty on it. Complainant Pawan Malhotra, a businessman based in Sector 34, said he had availed the services of Pelsoft Labs in Sector 17 for providing bulk short message service (SMSs) and for creation of his company's website.\"I paid Rs 25,060 through a cheque on May 4, 2010, to Pelsoft Labs. But later, I observed that the delivery rate of SMS services was very slow. So I complained through around 10 emails from July to November 2010,\" said Malhotra.He added, \"Thereafter, I also visited the company's office and complained, but they refused to entertain it. The company officials were not even ready to listen, so I approached consumer forum.\"However, no one from the service provider came to contest the case. In its judgement, the forum observed that Pawan Malhotra had taken bulk SMS and website creation services and paid the necessary amount, but did not get satisfactory services, despite repeated requests, which amounts to deficiency on part of the company.The forum directed Pelsoft Labs to repay the fee of Rs 25,060 to the complainant and Rs 7,500 as compensation for mental agony, harassment and as cost of litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346700", "title": "Notification on e-meters for new autos by next month", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Monday said a notification mandating electronic meters in new autorickshaws will be issued latest by next month, and the same rule extended to old three-wheelers thereafter.On the sidelines of the launch of the Road Safety Fortnight at Islam Gymkhana, transport secretary Dr SK Sharma said, \"The notification to install electronic meters in autos will be issued either in January or February.\" He added that, three months after this rule is implemented, the government would pass a similar proposal on old autos as well.The transport secretary, however, retracted on the cut-off date later, saying that \"no time frame has been set for old vehicles. But we will try to implement it in phased manner.\"Shirish Desphande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat asserted the government is leaving old autos out of the first notification under union pressure. \"The government should have covered all autorickshaws,\" he maintained.There are more than a lakh threewheelers in Mumbai, most of whose drivers are members of unions. Last September, when regional transport offices launched drives against meter tampering and refusals to ply, numerous autowallahs swiftly got their rigged meters fixed, leading to a drastic fall in fares. TOI consistently followed the campaigns and their fallout.Predictably, the crackdowns had not found favour with the unions. Sharad Rao, the leader of the biggest union, Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union, gave a clarion call for a 'dharna' on October 3, which was responded by 80% of the city's auto drivers by staying off the road. It remains to be seen now if unions would use the same measures to protest the government's announcement on electronic meters.On Monday, Rao complained that a \"committee, comprising members of state legislative council, was set up a few years ago. It is yet to submit its report. The government or the transport department cannot ignore the committee and issue a notification.\" He said that his union will move court against the notification.Rao's union is against installation of electronic meters because, he maintains, they too can be manipulated. \"This decision is bad. The apex court has ruled that only tamper-proof meters should be installed. Electronic meters are not tamper-proof,\" he said.Deshpande however countered, \"Electronic meters can be tampered with, but the manipulation is easily detectable. Moreover, manufactures have assured that they can install safeguards to prevent rigging.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11346045", "title": "Wait for Alappuzha coastal police station continues", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The district may have to wait for its first coastal police station for some time more. This because, the Kerala Police Housing and Construction Corporation Limited (KPHCC), which is constructing the station building at Thottappally, has not completed it yet. The construction work had begun in 2009.According to coastal security chief Jacob Job, KPHCC had been directed to complete the work by last month, but it had failed comply. \"Even after completing the building, there would be a lot to do before making it functional,\" he said.\"Of the eight coastal police stations sanctioned by the Centre, only Thottappally and Azheekkal have not started functioning yet. Those in Vizhinjam, Neendakara, Fort Kochi, Azhikode, Beypore and Thalangara (Kasargode) began operations in 2009-2010,\" Jacob said.District police chief KG James said the Thottappally station, which would patrol the sea up to five nautical miles, would have a CI, three SIs, three ASIs, nine head constables and 30 constables. These police officers have not been deployed as yet.\"All the cases reported within the 'sea-limit' of a station will be investigated by the coastal police. We have already bought three interceptor boats with bullet-proof cabins, echo-sound recorder and safety equipment for the Thottappally station,\" James said, adding that he expected Thottappally and Azheekkal stations to be opened next fiscal year.The state government had allocated about Rs 64 lakh for construction of the Thottappally station. However, contractor Gangesh KA stopped the work in 2010 without informing the police headquarters. But after ADGP MN Krishnamurthy, former managing director of KPHCC, served a notice on the contractor in May 2010, he resumed the work.\"I stopped the work owing to dearth of sand. We have resumed work; the building will be handed over to KPHCC by this month-end,\" Gangesh said.According to coastal security chief Jacob Job, the Centre has allotted one more marine police station to Alappuzha in the second phase. \"It will be set up at Arthunkal. But the land for the purpose is yet to be identified,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345404", "title": "New soundproof door for CM's chamber", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee trusts none, not even those waiting in her ante chamber at Writers'. Following the chief minister's order, hence, a new soundproof door was installed at her chamber on the first day of the new year. o On the chief minister's saddle at Writers' Buildings since May 20, 2011, Mamata's chamber there got a new soundproof door on New Year's Day.The door would prevent people outside her room from overhearing her conversation.The CM suspected that prying ears waiting in her ante chamber, just outside her room, were privy to her meetings, because of the gaps in the earlier doorframe. A new soundproof door with glass wool padding was therefore fitted on Sunday. An official said that the CM often discusses various issues with her party leaders in a high-pitch voice and she suspects that it reaches outside her room as well.The room just outside that of Mamata's belongs to is that of Santanu Basu, joint secretary in her secretariat. It is here that hat's where ministers and senior officials wait before meetings with the CM and are often caught talking aloud. The CM had in fact been disturbed by the noise on several occasions and had asked them to lower their voices. high pitched voices of waiting ministers a number of times. She had even stepped out of her room and asked them to speak in a low tone.An ENT specialist said that women have a higher pitch compared to men which makes their voice easily audible from a distance. make normally have a higher pitched voice than males. This makes a female voice easily audible from a distance.Moreover, he said, the CM usually speaks in a comparatively loud voice. \"Normally, 65 decibels is the sound that reaches a person sitting across the table at a distance of three feet.\"An official of the CM secretariat said that since Mamata did not attend office on Sunday, the new door was installed. frame was installed along with the door.Moreover, he said that the CM wanted to change the chair she had been sitting on so far. Earlier, she had asked PWD officials for a revolving chair. But now, she wants a wooden chair with a high back. Accordingly, a new wooden chair will be back in her chamber.\"Earlier, we had redone the walls and constructed a ladies' toilet in the CM's chamber,\" an official said.The CM's room was redone with a new set of furniture along with a fresh coat of paint and decked with portraits of Tagore.The CM, who prefers simplicity, has only 10 wooden chairs around her table. The old wall panels and plywood cabinets were earlier dismantled and the lighting inside the CM's chamber was decked up as she had expressed unhappiness with the dim lighting arrangements in the room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346684", "title": "Flights, trains and buses to city get delayed due to fog", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The woes of people travelling to Chandigarh continued into the New Year with flights, trains and buses running behind schedule due to the prevalence of fog early on Sunday. While one flight coming to the city from Delhi was cancelled, another was delayed in its take off from the capital by around 50 minutes. Trains from Delhi suffered a similar fate because of the thick blanket of fog there. Even long distance buses were delayed substantially.Officials at the Chandigarh airport said that one early morning Jet Airways flight from Delhi was cancelled on Sunday as it could not take off due to heavy fog at the airport, while a Kingfisher flight was delayed by around 50 minutes because of the fog. Railway officials said that passengers aboard the morning New Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi Express had to face a delay of around one hour due to the foggy conditions in Delhi and along the way near Panipat. The morning New Delhi-Kalka Himalayan Queen reached the city nearly two hours late.The situation was similar for Lucknow-Chandigarh Express as it reached the railway station here one and a half hours past its arrival time. Officials also stated that owing to frequent delays of around 16 to 18 hours, it was decided to suspend services of the Howrah-Kalka Mail for one day on Sunday and then resume these from Monday onwards. Private as well as state-owned buses plying between Delhi and Chandigarh were also significantly delayed by fog and low visibility during late night and early morning hours in the period between Saturday night and Sunday morning and as such were delayed by around two to two-and-a-half hours on an average.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11343819", "title": "Thackeray slams Cong\u2019s mill stand", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has urged the dalits in Mumbai not to get carried away by the state's plan to give all the 12.5 acres of the now-defunct Indu Mills for the B R Ambedkar memorial.In a statement, Thackeray said the state Congress was using the Ambedkar memorial to get dalit votes in the coming BMC polls.\"The Congress is keen on getting the dalit votes in the civic elections. Be alert and don't believe the hollow promises of the Congress,\" the Sena chief said.The Congress-NCP combine has pulled out all the stops to woo dalit voters following the Sena-BJP combine's electoral pact with the Ramdas Athavale-led RPI. The memorial issue gathered momentum hot on the heels of the tie. The stir for the entire mill land for the memorial has been cleverly exploited by the Congress-NCP to make a dent in the dalit vote bank, say political observers.The Sena is upset with the Congress' attempt to wean away dalit votes from the saffron combine. And hence, Thackeray's statement urging dalits not to trust the state on the memorial issue. He also slammed the Congress for offering sops to Muslims and mill workers in the run-up to civic elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11346249", "title": "Cover-up Begins", "text": "The greatest cover-up in Karnataka may just be under way. Two months after the state cabinet decided to take action against all 617 officials named in the Lokayukta report on illegal mining, a \"preliminary inquiry\" by a top police officer concluded there is no evidence that bribes were paid to 191 indicted police officers, sources in the home ministry revealed.The probe conducted by the DCP (Intelligence ) of Bangalore VS D'Souza also concluded the indicted police officers did not demand any illegal gratification without even questioning even one of these officials.Chapter 28 of the Lokayukta report compiled by UV Singh, chief conservator of forests and senior IFS officer, named these 191 police officers. Singh obtained the names of these officers from a pen drive seized by the incometax department from the premises of Kharapudi Mahesh, alleged to be the kingpin of illegal mining operations and aide of arrested mining baron G Janardhana Reddy.Mahesh allegedly collected money from different mining owners/ operators / transporters, promising them illegal favours and paid bribes to officials. But, the D'Souza report concludes there aren't enough grounds to prove such charges. \"There are also no documents /evidence to show that the pen drive seized belongs to Mahesh, and no evidence to show the premises from where the pen drive was seized, was in Mahesh's possession,\" the report added.Instead of questioning the police officers named, the inquiry trashes the entire chapter by focusing on \"technically flawed seizure of IT authorities\" , the unknown identity of an alleged employee of Mahesh who signed the panchanama of the department and differences between the accounts of the panchnama witnesses and I-T authorities.One reason adduced for the conclusion is that Mahesh is a semi-literate person and has little idea about operating computers and \"hence the said incriminating entries were made by someone else\" . The inquiry goes on to find fault with Singh for failing to find out \"who the computer operator could be and how he/she came across this information\" .The report also found fault with Singh, and dubbed his investigation \"shabby'' . \"The report said the Lokayukta failed to conduct mahazar when the income-tax department officials seized the pen drive, as it was mandatory. The pen drive had changed many hands before reaching Singh and he too failed to take a printout of the contents of the pen drive, which he received it.\"The preliminary inquiry report, which is now with the home department , was given in December and is expected to absolve the police officers.The home department, however, has maintained status quo by not ordering any further action. But observers pointed out that status quo in itself could mean the indicted officers would remain undisturbed despite facing grave charges.HEART OF THE MATTERChapter 28 of the Lokayukta report named 617 officials, including police officers, as beneficiaries of illegal gratification from the illegal mining mafia.The chapter was prepared by UV Singh, chief conservator of forests and senior IFS officer, who based his findings on incriminating entries found in a pen drive seized by the income-tax department from the office of Karapudi Mahesh on Oct 25, 2010.The Lokayukta and the directorgeneral , income tax, Bangalore decided in January 2011 to exchange information and records seized for the benefit of both organizations. Singh received the pen drive from the I-T department on February 21, 2011.The preliminary probe in its haste to trash the Lokayukta report and absolve the 191 police officers of any wrongdoing says this \"gap of four months\" between the seizure of the pen drive and its handing over to Singh has not been explained and concludes that \" it might have been tampered with\" .SOME SELF-DOUBT TOOWhile categorically stating there is no sufficient evidence to initiate action against tainted police officers under Rule 6 of the Karnataka State Police (DP) Rules, the inquiry officer hastened to add that \"the quality of evidence is inadequate\" and \"going in for department proceedings against the said officials will be futile unless more corroborating evidence is unearthed\" .\"I am of the view that further evidence in the form of bank statements of Kharapudi Mahesh, contents of ledgers, khata maintained by him and the statements of the persons who had actually witnessed the payments of bribes need to be recorded before registering any case,\" sources cited D' - Souza as saying in his report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345147", "title": "DERC keeps tab on discom payment", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the first hearing held at the Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission after the Delhi government agreed to infuse equity worth Rs 500 crore in the cash-strapped BSES companies, the regulator asked them to explain their payment schedule and how they would pay off outstanding debts to the power generators like NTPC, NHPC etc.The commission (DERC) also specified that any payment mechanism adopted by the BSES discoms would need to be approved by the generators.The BSES discoms informed DERC that their loan application for Rs 5,100 crore had been put on the fast-track and they expected to get the approval within a week. The lending bank said the discoms would get the money in phases. The bank would give Rs 3,460 crore to the discoms in the first phase, which would be used to pay large outstanding dues, the most urgent being the dues to the state-run NTPC, sources said.NTPC has given the discoms time till the end of January first week to clear their dues or face disconnection of power sup ply. \"The first concern is that discoms have to clear dues and get approval from generators over their payment mechanism. After defaulting on so many payments, there are obviously some doubts on whether the discoms would pay back dues in full. The companies have to get generating companies to agree to their payment plan and get their support,\" said an official.The discoms were also supposed to submit their tariff petitions for the financial year 2012-13 by Monday but source said they had sought more time. Along with tariff revision petitions, the discoms will also file true-up petitions. The true-ups for 2010-11 for all three discoms amount to approximately Rs 3,000 crore, which has to be recovered in future years, clearly hinting at more tariff hikes for Delhiites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11347807", "title": "Flouting norms, allopaths conducted ayurvedic drug trials", "text": "INDORE: Tossing the Indian Council of Medical Research's (ICMR) ethical guidelines out of the window, allopathic doctors in Indore and eight other cities in India had put scores of patients under clinical drug trials for ayurvedic and herbal remedies.Two city-based doctors had carried out this trial for the drug manufacturers, in their private clinics in Indore, others did it in several parts of the country. The drugs involved were an ophthalmic medicine, Opthacare, and a novel herbal molecule.The trials were done on patients reporting with chronic conjunctivitis migraine. As many as 116 patients were tested with Opthacare and another 214 patients were given the herbal molecule by allopathic doctors, across nine cities of country.The issue had first come in to notice after Congress MLA Pratap Grewal raised a question in the MP Assembly asking for information on herbal medicine clinical trials conducted by allopathic doctors. In response, Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had said that 116 patients were put under trial for herbal eye drop Opthacare by allopathic and government doctors. As the trial was conducted at private clinics, no answer was provided in the assembly whether ICMR guidelines were followed or not.Significantly, the trials did not include any competent Ayurveda, Siddha or Unani physician as a co-investigator in the entire process. This is expressly required by ICMR guidelines, which say that any allopathic doctor conducting any clinical trial using an Ayurvedic or other herbal drug on patients guidelines should have a co-investigator from those disciplines.This is what the ICMR guidelines say : It is essential that such clinical trials (using Ayurveda or herbal drugs) be carried out only when a competent Ayurveda, Siddha or Unani physician is a co-investigator.......... It would neither be ethically acceptable nor morally justifiable, if an allopathic physician, based on references in ancient literature of.....traditional systems of Medicine, carries out clinical evaluation.. without any concept or training in these systems of medicine. Hence, it is necessary to associate a specialist from these systems and the clinical evaluation should be carried out jointly by following the outcome parameters prescribed in each system.....''.Terming such clinical trials illegal and an act of quacksery, ayurveda doctors are angry. Dr Mahesh Gupta, state president, National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA) pointed out : , \"Allopathic doctors lack any knowledge of herbal remedies and medicinal plants\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur ", "code": "11344826", "title": "Mercury continues to dip, fog delays 10 flights", "text": "JAIPUR : The poor visibility at the airport affected a little over 40 % of the total flight operations at Sanganer Airport on Monday. Ten flights, including one international, were delayed by three to seven hours causing inconvenience to passengers at both the terminals of the airport.The delayed flights includes those bound for Mumbai, Banglore, Kolkatta and Ahmedabad from Indigo airlines, two Delhi and Mumbai-bound Jet flights and one each of Kingfisher and Spicejet enroute to Delhi and Goa.Passengers of Muscat-bound Oman Airlines flight had to face double whammy as their flight was first diverted to Delhi due to poor visibility here. It arrived in Jaipur five hours late at 11.02 am. Later, this flight couldn't take-off till the last report came in as pilots, due to the diversion, ran short of flying hours. They were barred by authorities from flying.\"Around 150 passengers bound for Muscat along with their relatives were stranded at the airport till 3 pm. Chaos prevailed at the terminal 1 when passengers demanded an official statement on the next schedule of the flight,\" an airport source said, adding that the Oman Airlines flight will take-off either after a new cabin crew arrives at the airport or the same cabin crew completes their day cycle and resume new flying hours.The airlines whose flights were delayed swung into action and arranged refreshments and accommodation for the stranded passengers. Another two Delhi-bound flights from Banglore and Vishkapatnam were diverted to Jaipur due to poor visibility at the airport there. The diverted flights arrived around noon and left for Delhi an hour later. Airport official said the flights were delayed as visibility was poor at different intervals till 12 noon.Meanwhile, the thick layer of fog continues to put life on a standstill in the city. Jaipur recorded a maximum of 19.6\u00b0 C and a minimum of 7.9\u00b0 C. It has affected road, rail and air services from the city. The Met department has predicted foggy days for a few more days as the cold wave conditions in northern Rajasthan are likely to prevail. The temperature is likely to fall below normal at night followed by ground frost, the Met office said.Churu continued to be the coldest district and minimum temperature recorded there in last 24 hours was 3.4\u00b0C followed by Bikaner at 4\u00b0C and Jodhpur at 5.4\u00b0C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11345946", "title": "Dental students bare their teeth for hike", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The postgraduate students of dental colleges across the state are up in arms demanding parity in stipend with their medical counterparts. On Monday they started their indefinite strike. The move has affected the functioning of evening clinics manned by the students here in the Kozhikode Government Medical College.The undergraduate students, senior residents and house surgeons are also taking part in the strike which also affected the functioning of Thiruvananthapuram Government Dental College and Kottayam Government Dental College.The PG dental students get Rs 16,000 a month in their first year, Rs 17,000 in the second and Rs 18,500 in the third year. The medical students earn Rs 23,000, Rs 24,000 and Rs 25,000 in their first, second and third years, respectively.According to Dr Sanjith George, president, postgraduate association, Kozhikode Government Dental College, the course duration and fees for both medical and dental courses are same. \"The pay scale of the staff and house surgeons are also equal with their medical counterparts. But there is huge gap in the stipends,\" he said.He said that even though the health minister agreed to bring parity by October 20, 2011, it is yet to be implemented.Meanwhile several patients who were given appointments for treatment at evening clinics had to return home without care. Sources say about 120 new out-patients visit the clinic every day. \"We know the strike has inconvenienced the patients but we don't have any other option,\" said Sanjith.Dr N Rathnakumari, principal, Government Dental College, Kozhikode, said that no patients have approached her for not getting treatment. She added that teachers were asked to provide treatment to the patients as the PG students are on strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344523", "title": "Govt Asks CEOs To Bar Goats, Sheep In JFM Villages", "text": "NAGPUR: The chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad has set a deadline for all zilla parishad chief executive officers (CEOs) to follow guidelines to strengthen joint forest management (JFM) and eco-development committees (EDCs).The directions from Gaikwad were issued on December 22. CEOs have been asked to utilize 7% revenue, which they get from the forest department, for distributing biogas, cooking gas and solar cookers in JFM villages. The basic idea is to reduce biotic pressure on forests.The CEOs have also been given a deadline of January 15, to set up these committees by calling a meeting of gram panchayats.The committees have also been asked to prepare micro plans till January 31, and get them approved from respective deputy conservators (DyCFs) by February 10.Apart from ZPs, allied departments mainly forest, tribal welfare, animal husbandry, irrigation and district rural development authority (DRDA) have been asked to reach the benefits of government schemes to these JFMs. There may be over 12,500 JFM committees in the state.The animal husbandry department has been told not to distribute goats or sheep in the JFM villages, and instead of unproductive cattle, cows giving high milk yield be given.District collectors have been asked to make some provision for aid under district planning committee.The project officers of DRDA have been asked to lay stress on household equipment being run on solar energy. The irrigation department has been asked to streamline water bodies having low or poor water storage under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.Owing to frequent incidences of wild animals falling in the wells near villages adjoining forest areas, the officials have been asked to strictly ensure that under the MREGS/EGS, a 3 feet parapet wall is constructed around open wells. Besides, fishing contracts should be given only to local cooperatives.District collectors will conduct a monthly review whether the guidelines are followed or not.The CEOs have to ensure that the villagers' micro plan contains all the necessary directions. Besides, a panel headed by respective block development officers (BDOs) will review the work as per the micro plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344212", "title": "Six Nigerians arrested for email lottery scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch have recently arrested six Nigerian nationals who duped several people with an email lottery scam.The arrested have been identified as Yoha Fred Jihan (33), Toni Iveka (34), Amadin Jeffery (39), Zarvis Lavani (34), Ekke Enahooro (25) and Thivofelis Iddemudiya (32). The police recovered 14 laptops, seven pen drives, 15 data cards, 23 mobiles, printers, chargers, visas, copies of passports, several fake certificates of multinational corporations and Rs 40,000 in cash.Acting on a tip-off, crime branch unit 7 led by inspector Venkat Patil and Vinayak Vast raided three flats in Garden View building near Aarey colony in Goregaon that had been rented by the accused.The accused used to send SMSes informing victims that they have won a million-dollar lottery, or send emails stating that the victim had been selected by companies as part of their promotional campaign. \"Once the victim replies, he is trapped. The accused would send emails telling the victims that they need to complete legal formalities to get the prize money for which they would need to deposit certain amount in the bank,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime). Once the victim deposited the money, he would get another mail stating that in order to get customs clearance, the victim would have to deposit another Rs 50,000 or Rs 1 lakh.\"To convince the accused, they would send a UK prize certificate or a multinational company's certification confirming the same. The accused would even suggest a solicitor or lawyer to help the victim legally get the prize money,\" said Deven Bharti, additional commissioner of police.The accused would then withdraw the money using ATM cards. What has baffled the police is that few of the accused have managed to open accounts in the bank and even procured PAN cards.The police have asked the victims to register their complaints. The accused claimed that they had come to India on business visas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346408", "title": "Naya Qila protesters detained", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city police on Monday took 21 members of the civil society into preventive custody when they gathered at Naya Qila to protest against the survey of the area surrounding the Mustafa Khan mosque. The civil society members were demanding acceptance of the survey recommendations made by the State Wakf Board (SWB) in November.By the time the survey team comprising officials from the Archaeological Survey of India, State Revenue Department and the SWB arrived at the site, the local residents from the Golconda fort area and civil society members had already gathered there to hold a press meet and also register their protest against the development of golf course on the historical site. Sensing trouble the city police arrived there in big numbers.When the protesters persisted with their demands, the police rounded up 21 persons and shifted them to Banjara Hills police station. Golconda police inspector Mohammed Vaheeduddin said, \"The activists had put up a tent before the survey members turned up. They were also making inciting speeches. Because they were obstructing the survey, we had to take them into preventive custody,\" he said. He added that they were taken to Banjara Hills police station to avoid any untoward incident in the vicinity of Golconda.Civil society members, however, denied that there was no intention to stop the survey work. \"Our protest was peaceful and we did not have any intention of stopping government work though we feel that the survey was conducted wrongfully. Even during the first survey that was conducted around the Mustafa Khan mosque, we were cooperative,\" said a detained activist. The police released the detainees late in the afternoon.The second survey was taken up after ASI reportedly contested the contents of the first survey report that had recommended chemical testing of the soil to verify whether there existed any ancient graves. Sources said the survey tea 'successfully' completed its work. It was, however, not clear as to when the report would be submitted to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "5705816", "title": "Who stopped the music?", "text": "With Bollywood music taking centrestage, Vaibhav Choudhary tracks Indipop's fall from fame...Remember the time you hummed along to Silk Route's Dooba Dooba Rehta Hoon, Aryan's Aankhon Mein Tera Hi Chehra, Alisha Chinai's Made in India, Bombay Vikings' Kya Soorat Hai or pondered the merits of Baba Sehgal's Thanda Thanda Pani, even as your feet tapped in rhythm? Well, the pop bubble burst a long while ago and fingers are pointing at several suspects, including Bollywood music makers, indifferent channels an d music companies.Pop icon Remo put it bluntly in an interview recently, \"Unfortunately, music companies have all but stopped releasing any music other than Bollywood.\" Gone are the days when album sales of Indipop singers and bands laid claim to over 30 per cent market share, with many either fading away or being absorbed by Bollywood.Says Sherrin Verghese, of Band of Boys, \" Pop sold in lakhs earlier, but doesn't even sell in thousands now. Film music is everywhere and music companies don't want to expe riment with anything new. For a television slot, you need to shell out at least Rs 25 lakh.\" While he plans to launch another album, Sherrin is practical, \"It makes more sense to approach a music director with our songs than beg music companies to launch our albums.\"Indipop movers and shakers of the 90s are trying their hands elsewhere in the millennium. Singers like Mika , Baba Sehgal and Shaan have turned actors and anchors. Queen of Indian pop Alisha Chinai, whose 2009 release Ishq Se Ishq Hai could not come close to the record sales of her debut album Made in India, has done some memorable playback for Bollywood like Bebo in Kambakkht Ishq, picturised on Kareena Kapoor, and Tera Hone Laga Hoon in the Ranbir Kapoor-Katrina Kaif-starrer Ajab Prem ki Gazab Kahani. Explains DJ Narayan, of the Aryans, \"The Internet makes it easy for people to download songs, which is why music companies are wary of investing in new albums.\" As singer Lucky Ali confessed when he released his last album Xsuie exclusively on the Internet, \"We realised that music companies were struggling to keep their heads above water. We were paying for their overheads and not really getting anywhere in terms of creativity.\"In defence of music companies, Parikrama founder Subir Malik says, \"I t's a sorry state of affairs, as people are no longer keen to buy music CDs, but would rather download numbers on their iPods and MP3 players. They have no other option but to sell Bollywood CDs, which have star power attached. \"However, they're soldierin g on. DJ Narayan maintains, \" We still do what we are known for, but have also given songs for four Bollywood films. Our songs get nearly two million hits on YouTube , which is more than any Bollywood track. It's all about retaining one's identity. \"Bands singing in English, which have enjoyed a niche audience, are less threatened by Bollywood. Says Subir of Parikrama, which performs at over 200 concerts a year, \" Our listeners form only four percent of the total audience. In 10 years of our existence, we've turned down numerous offers to get into Hindi film music, but we don't want to compromise. \"Anup Kutty, lead guitarist of rock band Menwhopause, which has cut a deal with EMI to launch an album, is optimistic. He states, \" If you're good at your work, rec ord companies are ready to back you, but it has to be profitable for them.\" Gautam Sarkar, of HMV Saregama India Ltd, blames the changing demands of the market for pop feeling the heat. He says, \"There are no buyers for private albums and people would rather download non-film music from the Internet. We sell about 7-10,000 non-film albums annually, of which a majority are Sufi numbers and ghazals. No music channel will promote these songs as they only want to show an Aamir Khan or SRK on screen.\"He adds, \" We do try to promote upcoming rock bands with our initiative 'Underground', which nurtures fresh rock and pop talent. If the government kept a tab on piracy, we could get back the golden era of pop. \"In MTV's Desi Beats Rock On, 5,000 talented desi rockers recently auditioned in Kolkata, Bangalore , Delhi and Mumbai , to compete for the grand prize that included an album deal with T-Series, a music video produced by the channel, a 'mega concert' and state-of-the-art music equipment. Says Aditya Swamy, seni or vice-president, sales and marketing, MTV India, \" The country doesn't lack talent. There are many youngsters who love rock, but with no hope of money coming in, they opt for other careers. During research, we were amazed to find singers who refuse to com promise. We even came across a temple to the Beatles in Shillong.\"It's time to turn on the music, once again!vaibhav.choudhary@indiatimes.co.in  Follow us on Twitter for more stories", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345109", "title": "Bawana murders: Jilted lover held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cops claim to have solved the Bawana double murder case calling it the handiwork of a jilted lover. The police had found the bodies of a man and a woman with their throats slit from two different places of a canal on June 17 and 18. They were finally able to nab the main accused Mahender Yadav (31) and his accomplices Narender Kumar (19) and Suleman (31).Police said that even though the bodies of Sonika (21) and Abhay (26) were found in two locations, they were able to link the murders as the handiwork of one group as both used to work in the same chemist's shop. During investigation, police informers and family members told that one Mahender, a neighbour, was very friendly with Sonika and the cops became suspicious of him. \"On December 21, Mahender's friend Narender was held and interrogated during which he accepted his involvement in the crime along with Suleman and others. They were then arrested on his statement,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer).Cops informed that Mahender had fallen in love with the good-looking and smart Sonika. He visited her house frequently and got acquainted with her family as well. At that time, Sonika worked in a factory but Mahender got her a job at a chemist's shop in Bharat Nagar at a higher salary. He even used to drop her to work. After sometime, Sonika became friends with another employee, identified as Abhay, at the shop. Sonika then began to avoid Mahender and started taking the train to work.When Mahender noticed that Sonika was avoiding him due to her intimacy with Abhay, he was outraged. One day Sonika told Mahender that she and Abhay had been sacked and they needed a job. After this, Mahender decided to eliminate Abhay from between him and Sonika.On June 16, he called Sonika and Abhay near the Samaypur-Badli railway station on the pretext of taking them to a place for a job. He then contacted a criminal, arranged for a van and went to meet them. When they reached the Bawana canal, one of the men slit Abhay's throat and threw his body in the canal. When Sonika tried to raise an alarm and threatened to report the matter to the police, they held her hands and legs and slit her throat. Her body was also thrown in the canal a brief distance from where they threw Abhay's body to avoid linking the murders. The accused even kept in touch with Sonika's parents to know developments in the case and had asked his accomplices to leave the area for some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11349999", "title": "Bike collides with tanker, youth killed", "text": "Allahabad: A 24-year-old youth was killed and his cousin injured when their motorbike collided with a tanker near Indian Press Crossing in Colonelganj on Monday. The deceased was identified as Somnath Mishra, a resident of Saidabad (Handia).Colonelganj police said Somnath, along with his cousin Devesh Tripathi, was going to the city when the accident occurred. Somnath died on the spot while Devesh was admitted to a city hospital where his condition was stated to be stable. The police have arrested the tanker driver and seized the vehicle.Somnath's body was later sent for postmortem. Following the accident, locals demanded the police to check the speed limit of heavy vehicles and deploy traffic police at Indian Press Crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345483", "title": "Mahagujarat stir sprang out of Dang", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What language do people in the tribal district of Dang speak? It might seem like an innocuous question today, but it was enough to spark the movement to carve out Gujarat from Bombay as part of the Mahagujarat movement in the 1950s. This trigger has been mentioned in the autobiography of Gujarat's architect, Indulal Yagnik.His book was translated into English recently by scholars Devvrat Pathak, John Wood and Howard Spodek. Yagnik wrote that the then Bombay chief minister B G Kher and his home minister Morarji Desai visited Dang in May 1949 and made a statement that the real language of people of the Dang was Marathi, and therefore attention must be given to that language alone.Many Gujaratis felt offended. \"The statement appeared like a sudden bolt of lightning on the people of Gujarat,\" Yagnik wrote in his autobiography.\"I felt very disturbed with such statements,\" he added and decided to visit Dang. Yagnik, however, admitted there was little information about Dang in Gujarat, except that many Gujaratis had their timber businesses there.Yagnik reached Dang and secured an assurance of cooperation from Gujarati traders. Shaken by Kher and Desai's statements, the Gujarat Sahitya Sabha began collecting details about the language, customs and history of Dang.A committee of linguist Madhusudan Modi, professor Yashwant Shukla, artist Ravishankar Raval, literary critic Ashok Harsh, Pandit Omkarnath, Nirubhai Desai and others also visited the region for four days. Before releasing the report, the committee members started a publicity campaign in Ahmedabad and other parts of Gujarat. In its report, the committee declared: \"On the whole, the people of Dang maintained more relations with Gujarat.\"As part of the campaign, a meeting was held at the city's Premabhai Hall, where Pandit Omkarnath declared that Dang was the anklet on the feet of Gujarat and until the government amends its statement, he would continue his agitation.\"With this agitation, the people of Gujarat were suddenly awakened and the sprouts of the idea of Mahagujarat started springing up in their hearts,\" Yagnik noted in his autobiography. This idea was realized 11 years later in 1960, when Gujarat was founded on the basis of its language and Dang was part of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11345700", "title": "Swedish woman held for carrying ammunition", "text": "VASCO: A Swedish national was arrested at Dabolim airport for carrying live ammunition in her luggage on Monday afternoon.Police said they arrested Christina Harding, 45, while she was boarding an Indigo airlines flight.At about 12.30pm, when Harding submitted her luggage for scanning, live ammunition of 5.56 mm size, and a bullet were found inside. Immediately, the matter was reported to CISF, who then detained her.Christina was flying on a flight bound for Mumbai. She was later handed over to Vasco police, who are investigating the case. According to sources, the woman claimed to be a military instructor in Sweden .\"Whether she was having the license to carry the ammunition is under inquiry,\" a police official said.Police are also trying to find out other details such as when Harding had arrived in Goa and where she had resided during her stay here.When Harding submitted her luggage for scanning, live ammunition and a bullet were spotted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11344878", "title": "Fatal accident deaths in 2011 lowest in 6 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi has something to cheer about when it comes to road fatalities. The lowest number of fatal accidents and the deaths resulting in such mishaps on the city roads took place in 2011.While 2007 fatal accidents took place in Delhi in 2011, the number of those killed in these mishaps was 2066. This is the lowest fatal accident rate since 2005, officials said.\"Despite a significant increase in both the number of vehicles as well as population growth, the fatal accident rate and the total number of accidents has decreased due to better traffic management. Increased prosecution and stringent checks on drunk driving, commercial vehicle violations and presence of traffic police have contributed to this fall,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.While 2010 recorded 2104 fatal accidents and 2153 deaths, 2009 saw 2272 fatalities and 2325 deaths. With a steady increase in the number of vehicles on Delhi roads each year, deaths due to fatalities also increased in the last decade.In 2006, there were 51,38,711 registered motor vehicles in Delhi and the figure climbed to at least 72,00,000 in 2011, marking a 40% increase. However, there has been a steady decrease in deaths due to road accidents in the national capital in the last three years; and the lowest in five years.The number of vehicles plying on the roads have drastically increased from 62,88,342 in 2009 to 67,55,720 in 2010.In 2011, the approximate number of vehicles in Delhi was 72 lakh, the officials said. The population in Delhi has also increased from 1,64,37,000 in 2009 to 1,67,53,235 in 2010. In 2011, the population was around 1,70,00,000, they said.At the national level, statistics of fatal accidents over the last five years have shown that while there has been a steady increase in the number of lives lost in road mishaps across the nation, Delhi has recorded an overall decline.In 2006, 1,05,725 lives were lost across the country in fatal road accidents. In 2010, 1,33,938 people died in fatal mishaps, registering a 26.88% increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346829", "title": "PGI doctors to be taught management", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From your mannerism, way of talking to patients, time management and handling of employees working under you - all this will be taught to PGI doctors during workshops to teach management skills to them soon. Faculty from Indian Institutes of management (IIMs) will be invited to conduct these workshops.Emphasizing on the requirement of such programmes, PGI director Dr Yogesh Chawla said, \"We are working on development of such skills which the doctors must have. Some workshops will be conducted by invited guests from prestigious institutes like the IIMs soon.\"Hospitals in the UK and the US have essential courses in leadership and management for junior doctors. \"These courses are a fundamental requirement in any organization. Time management, handling difficult situations and people and motivating others to work in a demanding environment are all essential modules that need to be a part of these workshops,\" said a senior faculty at PGI.The institute in its golden jubilee year is working on some areas to improve work efficiency. \"We will focus on human resources development which can help improve the working of the hospital,\" said the director.Tie-ups with business schools regarding holding of workshops have been worked out. \"These workshops will be different from medical conferences which update medicos on the latest in their respective fields. These will be more focused on managing the team and communicating with everyone including patients,\" said a senior faculty in the administration.The first workshop will be conducted next month. It will initially include professors only and if the experiment succeeds, the entire staff will be inducted in the teaching programme.Following the workshop, incentives like better grades and best worker of the month will be given to the employees. \"There is some faculty who share more than 80% of the out patient department work, while others are not that occupied. Incentives will be given, for an equal distribution of work,\" said a faculty member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11346325", "title": "BU panel head wants dress code", "text": "BANGALORE: When the head of the committee against sexual harassment in Bangalore University speaks about harassment, you listen. When TOI asked KK Seethamma, former head of the department of women studies, for her views on the recent statement of Karnataka women and child welfare minister CC Patil on women's 'explosive' attire, she said, \"I'm against women wearing obscene clothes. With such clothes, they tempt men and that's why they get raped. Even when one wears saris , long-sleeve blouses must be worn. I tell my students they must wear long kurtas when they wear jeans,\" she said.\"I advocate a dress code for women for their own good. What's the use of wearing short tops and showing off their tummy? Women look pretty when they are well covered. Many women lecturers in BU wear salwars and jeans. What respect can they expect from boys? Only a sari with long-sleeve blouses invokes respect for women teachers, nothing else. I have been persistently telling successive vice-chancellors to implement a dress code in BU for women students and staff, but they don't bother about it. For the simple reason that they are callous and are men. All we need to do as women is to protect ourselves by wearing good clothes,\" Seethamma said.'Rapists must get death'Awomen's studies professor has stirred up a hornets' nest by stating women get sexually assaulted because of their \"obscene dress\" . Asked about girl children getting raped, KK Seethamma, head of the committee against sexual harassment in Bangalore University, told TOI, \"That's a different issue altogether and the rapist should be given capital punishment.\"Asked about the contradiction between women's liberation and feminism she teaches in class and her advocacy of a dress code, the 56-year-old professor said the independence of women has nothing to do with wearing showy clothes. \"Why can't women be home before 6pm or 6.30pm? \"When I was the warden for BU girls' hostel, there was a rule that girls should be in before 6.30pm and with permission up to 7pm. It was strictly implemented. The BU campus is safe, but still depends on the men lecturers,\" said Seethamma. She added, \"There hasn't been any case of sexual harassment reported to the committee against sexual harassment. I believe BU is quite safe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11343926", "title": "DKM start 2012 in style", "text": "NAGPUR: Maithili Pantawane combined well with Harshada Pande as Dharampeth Krida Mandal (DKM) started 2012 with an energetic five-point extra-time win over Nagpur Amateur Sports Association (NASA) on their home court in the opening tie of the Bank of Maharashtra D-League Basketball Championship at Surendra Nagar here on Sunday.While DKM girls registered a nail-biting 31-26 victory after both the teams netted 25 points apiece at regulation time, their boys' team prevailed over Pande Layout Sports Club 37-15. In the opening encounter of the Nagpur District Basketball Association-organized U-18 event, both the teams displayed great vigour. DKM girls, donning black, held their nerve in the dying stage to open their account with a win.Maithili scored 6 of her game-high 13 points at the crunch moments to provide a star turn for her team. DKM won the first quarter 6-5, but NASA girls, with green outfits, came back strongly to seize the second 7-5 and take a point-lead at the breather.After the change of ends, both the teams scored 8 points each in the third quarter while DKM pocketed the fourth period 6-5 to set the scores at par and take the match to extra-time. A game of pressure defence helped DKM dominate the five extra minutes 6-1 and kick start their campaign with victory. Apart from Maithili's 13 points effort, Harshada Pande powered the winners with 11 points while Ayushi Chandel netted 5. For NASA, Ashlesha Jumle - tallest girl of the encounter - top scored with 10 points while Rhythm Khurana (8) and Ashwini Mudke (4) played well.The boys team from DKM too gave a fine start to their 2012 campaign, outclassed PLSC 37-15 with Rajat Pawar (11) and Vihang Tapas (10) doing all the damage.Later in the last encounter of the day, Shrey Lende fired 23 points as Gurudeo Nagar Krida Mandal (GKM) rallied to beat Apollo Basketball Club (ABC) 33-30. The quarter-wise scores read 4-4, 6-9, 13-13, 10-4.Earlier, DGM of Bank of Maharashtra NB Kamble inaugurated the 18-day championship to be played at four venues of the city. tnnResultsGirls: DKM (Maithili Pantawane 13, Harshada Pande 11, Ayushi Chandel 5) bt NASA (Ashlesha Jumle 10, Rhythm Khurana 8, Ashwini Mudke 4) 31-26 in ET (6-5, 5-7, 8-8, 6-5, ET 6-1)Boys: DKM (Rajat Pawar 11, Vihang Tapas 10) bt PLSC (Shriniwas Tathe 11, Ajay Ksirsagar 4) 37-15 (12-6, 12-4, 8-3, 5-2); GKM (Shrey Lende 23, Shubham Motghare 7) bt ABC (Shubham Singh 14, Govind Rao 9) 33-30 (4-4, 6-9, 13-13, 10-4).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11349918", "title": "Marandi hints at match fixing", "text": "DHANBAD: Jharkhand Vikas Morcha president Babulal Marandi on Monday alleged the Lokpal bill could not be passed in the Rajya Sabha last week because of a match fixing between the Congress and the BJP.The JVM and the Congress are part of the oppostion alliance in the state.The former chief minister, who was in town to attend tribal festival Sohrai, said both the parties were in agreement for not having a strong Lokpal institution. \"They have entered into a mutual understanding for defeating the Lokpal bill,\" Marandi claimed.According to Marandi, the Lok Sabha with 543 members had 54 amendments to the bill and the Rajya Sabha having 242 members had 187 amendments.\"It was strange. The house with more members had less amendments and the house with less members had more amendments. It was a match fixing between the Congress and the BJP. Neither the BJP nor the Congress was keen on curbing corruption,\" the JVM leader alleged.He said the JVM would field its candidate in the coming elections for the Rajya Sabha from Jharkhand. In the last election, the JVM had left the seat to help Congress win, he said hoping that the Congress would respond positively this time.The JVM would also field its candidate in the Hatia assembly byelection.He asked the government to make public the report of the inquiry commission set up to probe the police firing on the anti-encroachment protesters in which four persons were killed at Dhanbad last year. Marandi claimed the report was submitted to the government in August, but it was not made public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11347840", "title": "Stage set for 99TH Indian Science Congress", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The stage is set for a grand opening of the prestigious 99th Indian Science Congress by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at KIIT University here on Tuesday.Noted scientist Geetha Bali, vice chancellor of Karnataka State Women's University, will preside over the event, being held on the theme of 'Science and Technology for Inclusive Innovation - Role of Women'. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik , Union science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , among others, are scheduled to attend the inaugural ceremony, organizers said.Around 15,000 participants, including eight Nobel laureates, scientists and policy makers will attend the biggest congregation of scientists. The meet is slated to encompass at least 15 science-based plenary sessions and 30 technical sessions on diverse topics such as agriculture, health care, climate change, nano-technology, environmental sciences, bio-diversity, bio-technology and forest and environment.\"Hosting such an important event is an honour for us,\" said Achyuta Samanta, founder of KIIT University and chief patron of the science congress.Other attractions of the event from January 3 to 7 would be a science film festival and science exhibition besides disseminating the UNESCO Kalinga prize for popularization of science.A Children's Science Congress and Women's Science Congress will run parallel to the main event. Former president APJ Abdul Kalam will inaugurate the Children's Science Congress on Wednesday. Union human resources development minister Kapil Sibal will also be present during the inaugural session of Children's Science Congress.The inauguration of Women's Science Congress is going to be an all-women affair. India's ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao will inaugurate the Women's Science Congress. While Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit will preside over the meet, Union minister of state of human resource development D Purandeswari, Odisha textile and handloom minister Usha Devi and UNESCO assistant director general for natural sciences Dr Gretchen Kalonji will also attend the meet. Women's Science Congress president Geetha Bali will deliver the welcome address.Glimpse of technological might of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) will be on display at the Pride of India-Science Expo, as part of the ISC. DRDO scientists from over 30 laboratories will be present for interactions with visitors, especially students. The main aim of the ISC is to present science and technologies in strategic sector for national security and excite young, creative minds with scientific challenges, a DRDO spokesperson said.Star attractions among outdoor exhibits are strategic and tactical missiles Agni and Prithvi, Nag, Akash, BrahMos and Astra, while indoor models will cover the entire gamut of research and development in DRDO. Prominent will be India's own light combat Aircraft-Tejas, UAVs NISHANT and Lakshya, bridging systems Sarvatra and BLT T-72, autonomous underwater vehicle, torpedoes and decoys. Military communication equipment, electronic warfare systems, night vision devices like microwave devices, NBC (nuclear, biological, chemical) protective systems, agro-animal technologies and packaged food products will be other attractions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11347905", "title": "PM to be pressed on special state status, mineral tax demands", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh accompanied by his wife, Gursharan Kaur, reached Bhubaneswar by a special flight at 8.30 p.m. on Monday. Not to miss the opportunity arising out of the high profile visit, the Odisha government will reiterate its demand for special category status.Singh is slated to inaugurate the 99th Indian Science Congress at KITT University and pay a brief visit to Congress Bhavan on Tuesday. According to his itinerary, the PM will be spending 17 hours, including a night halt at Raj Bhavan, in the state capital. Singh last toured the state in December 2009.Official sources said chief minister Naveen Patnaik will hand over a memorandum to Singh, highlighting Odisha's demand for special category status (SCS), as well as imposition of the mineral resource rent tax (MRRT).The state government has been unsuccessfully pressing for SCS since 1979. The then chief minister, Nilamani Routray, had first raised the issue at a National Development Council (NDC) meeting. Ever since, Odisha has taken up the demand at different Central fora at least 15 times, on eight occasions during the past decade by the Naveen Patnaik dispensation.The concept of special category status, which helps states get higher proportion of Central assistance under various schemes, came into vogue in April 1969, with the NDC approving the Gadgil Formula.The MRRT is comparatively a new demand, the ruling BJD coming up with the idea a few months ago. Naveen had earlier written to Singh seeking levy of the proposed tax on iron ore on account of the \"super normal profits\" being earned by mine owners. The state government wants levy of 50% of the surplus rent on iron ore as MRRT; the tax so collected should accrue to it for social and physical infrastructure, strengthening welfare measures to improve livelihood of poor people of the state, official sources said.\"The proposal of the state government will not affect mining activities. All it seeks is to impose a tax on the surplus rent and thus allow the mining companies to make profits that are commensurate with the risks involved,\" Naveen had said in his letter to Singh on December 24. \"I do not understand why the Union government has not responded to our proposals at all. Besides giving additional resources to the areas affected by mining, the tax will act as a deterrent to excessive mining,\" Naveen had added.The state Congress also plans to submit a memorandum during Singh's visit, drawing his attention to the ruling BJD allegedly misusing Central government funds, deterioration of law and order in the state, especially in 21 districts affected by Maoist activities, and corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11349728", "title": "State gears up to enter Guinness Book with Surya Namaskar", "text": "INDORE: In its bid to highlight the importance of yoga, Madhya Pradesh has decided to present its mass Surya Namaskar exercise on a global platform in what can be termed as the largest aerobic demonstration in a bid to enter the Guinness Book of World Record.The state is gearing up to create world record for the largest aerobics demonstration (multi location) for the mass Surya Namaskar, which will be observed on Vivekananda Jayanti falling on January 12 across the state. The registration process for it has already been completed with the Guinness Book of World Records in this connection.It is to be noted that at present the record for the largest aerobics demonstration is in the account of Kazhakistan's multi-location aerobic exercise in which as many as 48, 45,098 people had participated. If Madhya Pradesh has to break this record, it has to surpass this number in the scheduled Surya Namaskar.The department of school education has issued guidelines to all the joint directors of school education and district education officers in this regard.Accordingly, the school education department has instructed all the district education officers and principal of higher secondary school to appoint a nodal officer for the mass Surya Namaskar.In the statement issued by the state government, it has been said that the move is aimed to make yoga and Surya Namaskar popular in the international front.Also, the department has informed the district education officers about the guidelines, issued by it. The state government will have to claim for the fame later. As per the guidelines, the activity which will be registered as a record, should be performed in a restricted area. It also permits that one assistant could be employed for per 100 participants. Every location should at least have 25 participants; at least 10 locations should essentially be there where these demonstrations would be performed.The Guinness Book of Records has also issued instructions for counting the participants and recording other evidences. It has instructed that video-recording of the entire demonstrations should be made mandatory. At the same time, the witnesses and other such evidences which are sought by the Guinness Book of Records should also be provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348910", "title": "Jacqueline's lucky lips are only for John", "text": "She refused to lock lips with Hrithik Roshan. But when it came to John Abraham , Jacqueline Fernandez couldn't refuse.The actress who lost out on Krrish 3 since she refused to kiss the superhero, will now be seen getting cozy with John in Abbas-Mustan's Race 2.A source close to the film informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Jacqueline will be playing John Abraham's love interest in Abbas-Mustan's Race 2. She is going to shoot for an intimate lip-lock scene with John soon.\"While Jacqueline's decision to kiss John comes as a surprise at the wake of her refusal to lock lips with Hrithik, the buzz is that her fiance, filmmaker Sajid Khan might have influenced her decision this time around. Sajid, who had apparently asked her to refrain from doing steamy scenes earlier is good friends with John, and thus did not have any problems with his girl getting cozy with the actor.The next schedule of the film begins on January 14th. According to sources, this schedule also includes a steamy scene between the other lead pair Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11346125", "title": "Kerala finds holes in 'biased' dam report", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Reiterating its stand that the construction of a new dam at Mullaperiyar is the only solution to ensure safety, Kerala on Monday termed the report of a two-member expert panel as biased and favouring Tamil Nadu.The panel, constituted by a Supreme Court-appointed empowered committee, heard the submissions of Kerala and Tamil Nadu.Kerala maintained that a new dam would be the only solution for the long-term safety as the existing structure was vulnerable to earth quakes. Tamil Nadu opposed the view , saying the dam was safe.After hearing the arguments of both the states, the committee asked both the states to submit their views on ownership mechanism, regulation of water and control of structure of a new dam, if built.Kerala complained to the empowered committee headed by former Chief Justice of India Justice A S Anand that a survey done by the expert panel comprising C D Thatte and D K Mehta on December 23 was biased and the panel had supported Tamil Nadu.Kerala demanded that the water level in the reservoir to be reduced to 120 feet from the existing 136, so that safety would not be compromised. The empowered committee asked if both states were willing to appoint an independent agency to regulate the water supply in the dam.The state's advocates argued that the ownership of the new dam would rest with it, adding that it would meet the construction costs. A joint committee comprising members from Kerala and Tamil Nadu would oversee its operation.\"Kerala has a right to construct a dam. However, we will take statutory eco-clearances from the MoEF (ministry of environment and forests), and technical clearance of the Central Water Commission,\" the state argued. The state welcomed Tamil Nadu's suggestions on the new dam.\"The entire water from the catchment area of the new dam would be made available to Tamil Nadu for diversion,\" the state submitted. Mullaperiyar dam is located in Kerala, but Tamil Nadu controls through a 999 lease agreement and uses its water to irrigate five of its southern districts.Tamil Nadu fears that Kerala's demand for a new structure is a ploy to wrest control over the dam. Kerala counters this by stating that the dam is corroding and is situated in a seismic prone area and prone to a collapse in the event of an earthquake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344344", "title": "Gandhi's missing specs sold for crores?", "text": "NAGPUR: Authorities claimed concrete leads in the case of theft of Mahatma Gandhi's spectacles from Sewagram Ashram in Wardha even as speculations are rife that the historic piece of Gandhi memorabilia was sold in grey market at an astonishing price of Rs 4-5 crore.Wardha guardian minister Rajendra Mulak, however, told TOI there were concrete leads in the investigations by the CID. \"The police officials probing the case have told me that the investigations are in full swing and substantial information about Gandhiji's glasses has been obtained. The case would be cracked shortly,\" he said.Mulak, who is also minister of state for power, refused to comment further stating he couldn't reveal anything further that may affect the course of investigations. Superintendent of police CID Yashasvi Yadav refused comment bluntly stating that Mulak was not investigating the case. \"I can't disclose anything at this stage as the case is extremely sensitive,\" he said. Deputy superintendent Gomti Yadav took similar stance.Though all three claimed ignorance about Mahatma's eyeglasses being sold in an international grey market for crores. What seem to have started the speculations is a report by a local newspaper to this effect. It, however, carried no details.Sewagram Ashram Pratishthan Trust chairman Madhao Gadkari could not be contacted. A member on ashram's board of trustees Avinash Katade stated they had too had come to know of the glasses being sold through the media. \"It is pathetic that over a year has passed and nothing concrete has emerged in the case. CID officials do not tell us anything. It is true that the specs went missing due to negligence of Ashram authorities, but by now they should have been recovered,\" he said.Sources said CID had firmly established that some insider(s) were behind the theft. They are probably from a group opposed to those at the helm of affairs of Sewagram Ashram Trust and was probably done to malign the ruling group during 75{+t}{+h} anniversary celebrations of Ashram. TOI had been tracking the issue ever since the theft came to light on June 14. The theft happened sometime in November 2010 but the ashram officials deliberately kept the matter under wraps. After TOI reports, the government handed over the enquiry to state CID.The ashram officials have invited wrath of Gandhians across the globe for being negligent with Bapu's memorabilia. Gandhiji's grandson Tushar also demanded that the Ashram shift the belongings, worth crores in international market, elsewhere if they could not care for them. Gandhiji lived in Sewagram from June 1936 to 1946.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349347", "title": "Tablet for a cause", "text": "At 37, Rohit Pande is a CEO, launching his latest innovation tablet. An IIT-Delhi and IIM-Calcutta graduate, he has worked on creating a personalised education tablet,The tablet facilitates personalised and interactive learning in the classroom. The software enables testing students problem-solving, creativity and application of language skills. It is for students from class II onwards.With a touch screen, seven-hour battery life, 1.3 Ghz processing speed, a built-in memory of 4 GB expandable up to 8 GB, the classpad is available in two models trolley model for multiple-student usage in the classroom and one tablet per child (OTPC) model, which students can carry home.Launching the tablet on December 29, 2011, Pande said, When we started out we wanted to focus on webbased education, which eventually failed. After working on various interactive learning programmes in the last two years, we finally came out with our innovation classpad.With the launch, 22 schools across the country have tiedup for the installation of the device, including Fr Agnel School, Delhi, SSB Bangalore, and Centre Point School, Nagpur.The tablet is available in three sizes seven, eight and 10 inches and costs between Rs 7,500 and 14,000. However, the tablet is not available for retail sale yet, it is available only for schools.Setting up his own venture as CEO of Classteacher Learning Systems in 2000, Pande along with Sameer Buti, his former classmate at IIT, decided on taking education to a different level through designing programmes for personalised education.Since our education system does not differentiate students according to their learning capabilities, the tablet will enable teachers to categorise students as fast learners, average learners and slow learners, concludes Pande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345335", "title": "House panel's visit to Gujarat put off", "text": "KOLKATA: The proposed \"study tour\", of an assembly standing committee on commerce and industries, to Gujarat, An assembly standing committee on Commerce and Industries' proposed \"study\" tour to Gujarat,decided nearly a month back, had to be put off minutes before their flight on Monday after a visit to the Tata Nano factory in Sanand curiously figured in a \"last-moment change\" of the itinerary. The committee is headed by former Left Front minister Paresh Adhikari, but five Trinamool Congress MLAs form a majority in the nine-member committeeCall it political upmanship or just a faux pas, the incident also proves that politicians (on either side of the divide) are still to get over Ratan Tata's October 3, 2008 decision to move the Tata Nano project from Singur to Sanand.The latest incident has left Trinamool legislators, who are members of the standing committee, seething in anger. Adhikari, sensing their mood, hurriedly called off the tour minutes before the 11am flight to Ahmedabad. he said, \"The tour has been postponed. It will be decided later with the concurrence of all members.\" He, however, added that the reason for postponement was the sudden illness of Trinamool MLA Asit Majumdar. There, however, is more to it.Domjur MLA Rajib Banerjee and his other party colleagues told Adhikari clearly that the standing committee was being used by Left legislators to further their political agenda.Banerjee said, \"This is sheer politics. Gujarat was a chosen state for topping the industrial development index for successive years. This was a formal tour. We were supposed to interact with the Gujarat assembly speaker and various committees. Some members were even keen to visit the Somnath temple and Junagarh Fort. Sanand was never discussed when the itinerary was finalized a month back.\"Trinamool's Haldia MLA Siuli Saha said, \"Never for once was a visit to the Tata Nano factory in Gujarat discussed. I have attended every meeting, I was caught completely unawares. This is a normal once-a-year external tour, which they're playing politics with.\" CPM's Anisur Rehman and Badal Jamadar are also members of this committee.Trinamool MLAs who countered Adhikari said that if they were to go to Sanand, they'd prefer to have a look at the Ford plant. Unlike the Tata Nano factory, they alleged, it is spread on 460 acres and produces more units. That this has touched a raw nerve, can also be gauged by their other argument, that the land provided to the Tatas there was actually a government land which was acquired back in 2002 from 23 farmers, reportedly after paying Rs 2 lakh as compensation to each to set up the Gujarat Agricultural University. \"Where is the connect with Singur? Here one was giving away a multi-crop land. If the intention is to study autohubs, why not Pune then?\" Banerjee questioned. \"What do we get to learn there?\" Saha asked.Incidentally, this isn't the first time a Gujarat visit has sparked so much furor in the state.Earlier, after Tata Motors decided to set shop in Gujarat, the then assembly committee chairman and Congress MLA Sudip Bandopadhyay (now Trinamool's union minister), kicked off a storm after visiting Sanand and placing a report. CPM tried to cash on it, but popular sentiment - as Mamata Banerjee proved later - remained otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11347875", "title": "'ISC may boost scientific fervour among youth'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The science fraternity in the city is excited the 99th Indian Science Congress will ignite a scientific temperament in young minds in the state, giving a much needed boost to science and research.\"It will definitely create a better scientific ambience and will bring opportunities with so many scientists around,\" said Dr B Ravindran, director of Institute of Life Sciences, an institute under the Union department of biotechnology.Dr Ravindran said the congress will kick start a giant process of scientific activities, on which the institutions and policy makers need to build on further. \"Long-term results will depend on how much we can cash in on it,\" he said.According to organizers, 15,000 scientists and policy makers, including at least eight Noble laureates, are scheduled to participate in the meet. The Nobel laureates include professor Richard R Ernst (chemistry in 1991), professor Rolf M Zinkernagel (medicine 1996), Dr Amartya Sen (economic sciences 1998), professor Kurt Wuthrich (chemistry 2002), Muhammad Yunus (peace 2006), Carolyn W Greider (medicine 2009), Dale T Mortensen (economic sciences 2010), Sir Robert G Edwards (medicine 2010).\"The science congress is like the Maha Kumbh of scientific activities. Such an event will definitely have a deep impact in the region,\" said Dr Srikant Sharma, a scientist at Institute of Minerals and Materials Technology under Council of Scientific and Industrial Research.Dr Sharma said when the annual event was organized in Bhubaneswar 34 years ago, there probably were not too many research institutions to make the best out of it, but now the city has many educational and research institutions and they should be able to make the best use of it, he said.According to scientists, to revive the \"fading\" interest in science and research, efforts have to be made right at the school level. \"The science congress will definitely provide a good exposure to students. However, sustained efforts have to be made right at the school level to develop research acumen in students,\" said Dr Swadhin Patnaik, director of state government run Institute of Mathematics and Applications here.Notably, a Children's Science Congress is being held parallel to the Indian Science Congress where students would be able to showcase their innovations and research and learn from the dignitaries visiting the meet.Dr Krishna Srinath, director of Directorate of Research on Women, said young people who witness the event will definitely will have a different approach towards science than those who won't. \"It's a very promising event for budding talents,\" she said. At least 1 lakh students are supposed to attend the event from January 3 to 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349864", "title": "Bollywood songs on a high", "text": "Although the New Year party is over, there is a lot more in store. And for youngsters who love to party will find a reason to party hard.This year, they are getting ready to groove on Bollywood's 'talli' songs. In the upcoming movies of 2012, the youth has already got its share of peppy songs to dance the night away with friends. Bollywood has a list of 'drunken' numbers which have already become a hit with the youngsters.In the Kareena Kapoor-Imran Khan starrer Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu, the title track has fast risen to a peak position. With lyrics saying \"Talli hai ye zameen, talli hai aasmaan, sab talli hai yahan\" and with Kareena and Imran's fun-filled experience on the streets of Las Vegas , the song has caught the interests of a lot of youngsters.The latest item song Chikni Chameli of Agneepath has already become a huge rage. Katrina's lavni moves and Shreya Ghoshal's peppy voice and the lyrics \"Paua chada ke aayi\" has made this song a big hit.Abbas-Mustan's upcoming movie Players also has a song with lyrics saying - \"Pad gayi main puri sunn, ho gayi tunn, pi gayi neat main...\" With Bollywood tunes on a high, these songs would certainly rock the floor in parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11344801", "title": "Preliminary inquiry picks holes in Lokayukta report", "text": "BANGALORE: The greatest cover-up in Karnataka may just be under way.Two months after the state cabinet decided to take action against all 617 officials named in the Lokayukta report on illegal mining, a \"preliminary inquiry\" by a top police officer concluded there is no evidence that bribes were paid to 191 indicted police officers, sources in the home ministry revealed.The probe conducted by the DCP (Intelligence) of Bangalore VS D'Souza also concluded the indicted police officers did not demand any illegal gratification without even questioning even one of these officials.Chapter 28 of the Lokayukta report compiled by UV Singh, chief conservator of forests and senior IFS officer, named these 191 police officers. Singh obtained the names of these officers from a pen drive seized by the income-tax department from the premises of Karapudi Mahesh, alleged to be the kingpin of illegal mining operations and aide of arrested mining baron G Janardhana Reddy.Instead of questioning the police officers named, the inquiry trashes the entire chapter by focusing on \"technically flawed seizure of IT authorities\", the unknown identity of an alleged employee of Mahesh who signed the panchanama of the department and differences between the accounts of the panchnama witnesses and I-T authorities.One reason adduced for the conclusion is that Karapudi Mahesh is a semi-literate person and has little idea about operating computers and \"hence the said incriminating entries were made by someone else\". The inquiry goes on to find fault with Singh for failing to find out \"who the computer operator could be and how he/she came across this information\".The preliminary inquiry report, which is now with the home department, was given in December and is expected to absolve the police officers.The home department, however, maintained status quo by not ordering any further action. But observers pointed out that status quo in itself could mean the indicted officers would remain undisturbed despite facing grave charges.Heart of the matterChapter 28 of the Lokayukta report named 617 officials, including police officers, as beneficiaries of illegal gratification from the illegal mining mafia.The chapter was prepared by UV Singh, chief conservator of forests and senior IFS officer, who based his findings on incriminating entries found in a pen drive seized by the income-tax department from the office of Karapudi Mahesh on Oct 25, 2010.The Lokayukta and the director-general, income tax, Bangalore decided in January 2011 to exchange information and records seized for the benefit of both organizations. Singh received the pen drive from the I-T department on February 21, 2011.The preliminary inquiry in its haste to trash the Lokayukta report and absolve the 191 police officers of any wrongdoing says this \"gap of four months\" between the seizure of the pen drive and its handing over to Singh has not been explained and concludes that \"it is possible that it might have been tampered with\".Some self-doubt tooWhile categorically stating there is no sufficient evidence to initiate action against tainted police officers under Rule 6 of the Karnataka State Police (DP) Rules, the inquiry officer hastened to add that \"the quality of evidence is inadequate\" and \"going in for department proceedings against the said officials will be futile unless more corroborating evidence is unearthed\".\"I am of the view that further evidence in the form of bank statements of Karapudi Mahesh, contents of ledgers, khata maintained by him and the statements of the persons who had actually witnessed the payments of bribes need to be recorded before registering any case,\" sources cited D'Souza as saying in his report.No comments: D'SouzaVS D'Souza declined to comment on his report. \"My report speaks for itself. There is nothing more to say other than that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11345617", "title": "Angle\u2019s panel set to sweep MUCB polls", "text": "MARGAO: The election to the board of directors at the Madgaum Urban Co-operative Bank ( MUCB), which will be held on January 8, is likely to witness not much of a contest between warring panels.While there are 10 candidates in the fray , nine of them belong to former MP Ramakant Angle's panel. Former president of the bank, Mhalu Naik, is the tenth candidate.Though there are 52,138 shareholders of the bank who are eligible to vote in the elections, hardly 20% of them will turn out for voting.Sources informed TOI that Angle will assume the chairmanship of the bank as his panel is likely to sweep the elections. Incumbent president of the bank, Kishore Narvekar, in that case, in all probability, would be the vice president.Speaking to mediapersons, while Angle exuded confidence of a hands-down win for his panel, Mhalu Naik - of the rival side - vowed to strive for a victory.Naik, a former chairperson of the bank, has been on its board of the directors on three occasions in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11343987", "title": "Murder accused held after seven years", "text": "NAGPUR: A man wanted for a murder committed in 2004 was rounded up at Ujjain last week by Ambazari police. Sanjay Banode has been arrested with the help of Ujjain's women police station. He was busted as his wife whom Sanjay would beat up and torture spilled the beans before the cops at Madhya Pradesh. They passed on the information to their city counterparts.Sanjay was booked in a case of murder along with his elder brother Bablu and two other accomplices Pramod Gajbhiye and Vinod Selokar in November 2004. They had killed Santosh Gulhane at Gokulpeth after Sanjay was released from jail where he was lodged after killing another person earlier to this.Sources said the sessions court had convicted Bablu, Pramod and Vinod in the case while Sanjay was absconding. The High court too had upheld the sentence of life imprisonment of Bablu and Vinod. The matter is now before the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346601", "title": "Guv\u2019s chosen 9 power Congress victory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The opposition has been crying hoarse ever since close relatives of at least two Congressmen were nominated to the newly-elected house of municipal corporation by UT administrator Shivraj Patil . On Sunday, Congress managed to win the mayoral elections despite getting only 11 seats as compared to 12 of SAD-BJP alliance. The Times of India had highlighted how the nominated lot was tilted towards the Congress on the day of nominations on December 21 last year. Though it was a secret ballot, the opposition alleged that Congress could have won only with the support of nine nominated members.It alleged it was no less than backdoor entry to grab the top three posts and that the list released by the governor house had played a vital role in defeating the public mandate, which was against the Congress party on all fronts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346551", "title": "Panel to study issues in online admissions", "text": "MUMBAI: Three months after a delegation of college principals met school education minister Rajendra Darda to discuss loopholes in the online admission system, the state government has finally formed a committee to study the issue. The committee will look at ways to improve the system and make it glitchfree based on the problems faced by students, parents and colleges during the admission process.The principal secretary of the school education department will be the chairman of the committee, while the members include the director of school education, chairman of the Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education and the deputy secretary of higher and technical education department. The government has also included principal T A Shiware of the Association of Non-Government Colleges and Kiran Mangaonkar, principal of Mithibai College, as members, along with representatives from the media and parent-teacher associations.The online system for junior college admissions was launched in the academic year 2009-10. Even after three years of implementation, colleges and students found it difficult to adapt to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11345984", "title": "Bus drivers changing jobs for better pay", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The private bus operators in the district are finding it hard to operate their services due to shortage of drivers. The reason being that drivers are paid better by tourist operators for driving buses and taxis to Sabarimala.According to K Radhakrishnan, general secretary, Bus Operators Organization, a few drivers have even taken leave to go as drivers of taxis and buses to Sabarimala. \"We have not cancelled trips due to this so far. We are trying to manage with available drivers by asking them to do additional duty,\" he said.The organization said that on an average the drivers are paid Rs 400 to Rs 650 a day depending on the trips and there was not much difference in the pay offered by the tourist taxi operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345357", "title": "Buddhadeb lashes out at Mamata govt", "text": "KOLKATA: Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee on Monday hinted that the opposition will step up their attack on the Mamata Banerjee-led government, setting rest to all speculation whether or not the party will continue to soft-peddle after the assembly election drubbing.\"We want to be a responsible opposition. We were told to give the new government time. We did that. But what is the result? How can we keep quiet as all the good work done in the last three and a half decade continues to be reversed?\" Bhattacharjee said while speaking at the 46th Foundation Day of CPM mouthpiece Ganashakti at University Centenary Hall.Bhattacharjee's sharp tenor was reflected when he took on theCriticizing the state's fiscal policies, he said, \"We were attacked for our debts. But what has the new government done? The new government has already taken three times more debt in the six months, than we had done in decades. \" He saidThe salaries of ministers have been increased from Rs 7,000 to Rs 27,000 - unthinkable in our times. Yet, the same government fails to pay provident funds dues to transport department employees,\" he said.Bhattacharjee also attacked the government's Darjeeling and Jangalmahal policies, \"Darjeeling is sitting on a powder keg. In Jangalmahal, they have to decide who their enemies are - CPM or Maoists,\" he added. From power to the state's industrial policy, Bhattacharjee spared nothing.Bhattacharjee claimed if immediately the power capacity isn't increased by 2000 MW, the state will gradually plunge into darkness.\"The state has to first decide what policy they will pursue for industry. What they are doing now is implementing projects which we'd drafted and set in motion. Nothing will happen. Even industrialists now share this view. On law and order, the lesser said is better,\" he said.Left Front chairperson Biman Bose also attacked the government over its failure to address the state-wide plight of farmers . Bose also critised on what-he-alleged a lopsided media portrayal over election to CPM bodies while glossing over the main issues affecting the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11347804", "title": "Delhi-Kanpur flight fails to reach Chakeri airport", "text": "KANPUR: The Delhi-Kanpur-Kolkata flight scheduled to arrive at Chakeri airport at 11.25 am could not reach r on Monday.The flight could not take off from Delhi owing to poor weather conditions. The weather in the city was also not conducive for the flight to land.Monday was the first working day of the year and it was expected that the Delhi-Kanpur-Kolkata flight would be landing at Chakeri airport.An official of Air India confirmed that the flight could not take off from Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11343651", "title": "Two thieves held", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police have busted a two member gang that looted 10 sovereigns of gold jewels, two silk sarees and Rs 30,000 from a couple who had come to Coimbatore from Bangalore on September 24 to seek a groom for their daughter.The men are identified as A Ravikumar Reddy (35) of Kadappa in Andhra Pradesh and his younger brother A Chandrakumar Reddy (27). Taxi drivers in Bangalore, both of them were arrested by Karnataka police last week in a theft case. During interrogation they confirmed that they were guilty of cheating the couple in Coimbatore three months ago. Coimbatore police took the duo to the city to gather evidence on Sunday and they have managed to recover the gold jewels. The cash and sarees are missing. After interrogation, the brothers were returned to Parappana Agraharam jail in Bangalore.As per the case charged in Coimbatore, R Soma Narayanan, 50, a real estate businessman and his wife S Kalyani, 45, were residents of C V Raman Nagar in Bangalore. In July, Soma Narayanan had given a matrimonial advertisement with his mobile number to find a groom for his daughter. Someone called him and introduced himself as Subba Naidu from Coimbatore. He told Soma Narayanan that his son was a software engineer in a private company. He was looking for a bride for him and he wanted to meet them in Coimbatore for further talks.The couple believed Subba Naidu and came to Coimbatore on September 22 by train. When they reached the railway station, two persons approached the couple and introduced themselves as Siddharth and Venu. They told the couple that Subba Naidu had sent them. The couple was taken into an apartment at Peelamedu by car and was offered soft drinks. The drinks were mixed with sleeping pills and the victims soon became drowsy. It was during this time that the cash and jewels were looted.When the couple woke up the next morning, they realized they had been robbed. They tried to connect with the culprits but the mobile phone was switched off. Soma Narayanan lodged a complaint with Peelamedu police station. Police said that the duo had been cheating people in a similar manner for several years. Seven such cases are pending against them in Hyderabad while cases are pending against them in Ootty, Chenni and Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11347853", "title": "Security concerns might mar samdhans' meet", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's wife Gursharan Kaur is unlikely to visit her son-in-law's house in Unit-III area here on Tuesday owing to security reasons. Though police on Sunday had feigned ignorance about Kaur's proposed visit to her IPS son-in-law A K Patnaik's house, a team of local police officers and SPG personnel on Monday inspected the surrounding of Patnaik's house, located right behind Ram Mandir.Reliable sources said the officers did not find the place conducive for Mrs. Singh's visit. \"The SPG officials cited their apprehension from the security point of view. We were told by SPG staff that Kaur would be advised to skip the visit,\" a senior police officer said.Uncovered live electricity wires dangling from poles, makeshift shops and a few abandoned houses around Patnaik's house forced the policemen to think twice before clearing Kaur's passage. \"However, if she insists, we would make last minute arrangements for her visit,\" the officer added.Patnaik's family members were ignorant of the matter. \"We still hope she would visit our house. Police did not inform if her proposed visit was cancelled,\" Rajalaxmi Patnaik, a family member told TOI.Kaur's samdhan Ratnamala Patnaik is equally ecstatic. She had on Monday told: \"The PM might not visit. But his wife has assured to come. We are ready to welcome her.\" Asked whether they made special arrangements to welcome Kaur, she replied in negative.\"She is not coming here for the first time. We are relatives since last 20 years. We constantly stay in touch over phone,\" she said. Ever since Manmohan became PM, he and his wife never visited their son-in-law's house, sources said. \"Both of them tried a lot in the past to meet us in our house. But their programmes were cancelled due to security reasons. Last time, we visited the Raj Bhavan to meet the PM,\" Patnaik said. Ashok Patnaik, a 1983 batch IPS officer was married to Manmohan Singh's novelist daughter Daman Singh in 1991.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344049", "title": "NMC continues to favour revenue loss", "text": "NAGPUR: What may be termed as just unfortunate for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), administration continued to favour a proposal which would result into revenue loss. Giving a helping hand, standing panel has held up proposal for last 17 months. It was again kept pending in the meeting held on Monday.As per the agenda of standing panel, the administration had sent a proposal to the committee requesting permission to give various types of exemptions to M/s Cartel Outdoor Advertising Private Ltd from conditions prescribed in work order. The proposal was tabled before the committee on July 20, 2010. The proposal would result in reduction of revenue to be earned from advertisement on street light poles. Besides, the proposal came before the committee amid controversies on revenue from advertisement rights. Leader of ruling party Pravin Datke and opposition group Vikas Thakre had alleged revenue loss of Rs33 crore from advertisement companies including Cartel.Restricting from controversies, the committee had kept the proposal pending till September 9, 201. On this date, panel chief Sandip Joshi directed officials concerned to take legal advice on the proposal.\"Legal advice was submitted to committee on Monday. I was shocked to hear advice favouring the proposal. Therefore, it has been kept pending again. I would go through it again as words used in the advice are too complex,\" said Joshi.As per sources, Joshi is in fix as he does not want to get into controversies by giving approval to the proposal and the officials concerned are requesting against rejecting it. However, NMC is incurring revenue loss if the data available from NMC is to be believed. The contractor is paying revenue of just Rs10.50 lakh per month as against Rs16 lakh due to pending proposal. Of total 24 proposals, committee cleared all excluding this proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346918", "title": "Thane scare blows tourists off ECR, revenue down by 50%", "text": "CHENNAI: Cyclone Thane did not send boats flying at Muttukadu , Mudaliarkuppam and Mamallapuram , but it did keep them at bay on New Year eve , as tourist flow to these popular weekend getaway destinations remained low .Sources said that there was an 80 % decline in tourist arrivals at these places on the East CoastRoadon Saturday .However , tourist arrivals bounced back to near normal on Sunday . Private resorts and hotels on ECR and the Tamil Nadu Tourism DevelopmentCorporation (TTDC)-owned boat houses at Muttukadu and Mudaliarkuppam suffered a 50%lossof revenue .\"We usually get around 10,000 visitors at Muttukadu and 1,000 visitors at Mudaliarkuppam on a weekend . But the day after the cyclone , this came down to half ,\" said a TTDC official . The storm did not damage property atthese getawayspots . Still , people stayed away . Those who ventured out on a drive down the ECR had a tough time because irate fishermen from coastal villages blocked the road at many spots protesting lackof relief measures .\"We were driving down to Pondicherry to meet a few friends . Traffic was held up at two spots just before Marakanam andthen at another village closer to the union territory ,\" A Vasuki , resident of Koyembedu ,said .Mamallapuram wore a deserted look on Saturday after tourists who had come for New Year celebrations moved to Chennai after hearing of thecyclone warning . \"Winds were strong but there was not much of damage . New Year's eve , whichisusually thebusiestseason , was like just another day ,\" said J Sethuraman , managing director ,HiTours .ATTDCofficialsaidthedaily revenue came down from about 60,000 to 30 ,000. Private hotels too reported bad business . In many hotels, there was not enough grocery . \"We went to have a drink in Puducherry , but when I asked for some snacks , they had only potato chips to offer . Most restaurant kitchens were not functioning ,\" said G Mohan , a resident of Royapettah who had gone to Puducherry on Saturday .Power outage added to the few tourists' problems .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11345570", "title": "Exotic birds land up on dinner plates", "text": "HOWRAH: While all attention is paid to their roosting sites like the Santragachhi Jheel, the winged visitors to Howrah and parts of East Midnapore seem to be facing a threat from poachers at their favourite feeding spots. While the situation may not be as acute as around the Bhitarkanika National Park in Orissa - where migratory birds are trapped on a regular basis and sold to restaurants and hotels during the tourist season - incidents of poaching have been reported from places like Uluberia and Amta. Environmentalists say that the situation may turn grim in the days to come unless adequate measures are taken. The state forest department has promised more vigil in areas where poaching has taken place.The Howrah district is a study in contrast so far as migratory birds are concerned. While large flocks of these birds can be spotted in places like Santragachhi, their numbers thin as one approaches places like Kirap, Haropchowk, Rajapur and Joargori in Uluberia. Ideally, these are locations where the birds should flock to, given the sylvan setting and large number of waterbodies.\"Few birds come here nowadays. One can't blame them. They used to be slaughtered by villagers till recently. Even this year, there was a major ruckus over the capture of birds by a few families. But, we think that they didn't get the birds here. They must have trapped them from close to the Rupnarayan (that separates the districts of Howrah and East Midnapore) and brought them here to sell,\" said an old-timer from Joargori.Forest department officials, accompanied by the police, raided houses in Haropchowk last week and seized a few birds and nets used to catch them. Among these was an Egret, a domestic migrant that frequents waterbodies in search of food. FIRs were lodged against five villagers but they are still at large.\"We weren't aware of the situation till recently. Now, we have decided to carry out raids on a regular basis. We believe that the birds were trapped near the Rupnarayan or in areas around Kharagpur. The birds are sometimes trapped in nets over which the poachers spread food laced with poison. These birds are then sold to unsuspecting picnickers or villagers who aren't even aware that poison has been used or the ill-effects they may suffer. The birds may also be infected by some disease that we aren't aware of. Not only is it illegal to have such birds, it is also unhealthy. Awareness needs to be spread about this,\" said Gautam Chakraborty, divisional forest officer, Howrah.Parts of Uluberia where this poaching takes place are crime-prone. Posters have been put up by the CID in villages, warning people against cultivating poppy. Villagers claim that 'some' people used to cultivate poppy a few years ago. Just as they 'used to' hunt birds earlier. \"We don't hunt birds or eat them. However, if you are interested in a place to set up a mobile tower, I can take you there,\" a villager said in an effort to make a quick buck. Authorities, however, claimed that the cultivation of poppy and other criminal activities are rampant in these parts of the district. Villagers do their best to shield poachers when raids are conducted.Some villagers consider poaching a 'good riddance' to 'pests' that gorge on their crops. Some of the birds are killed at night by guards appointed by farmers.\"In 2010, we had visited villages and got hold of several birds, including Egrets. The most favourite among poachers seem to be the Common Teal and Snipe - both trans-Himalayan migratory birds and domestic migratory ones like Egrets and the Lesser Whistling Duck. The poaching may not be taking in an organized manner today but unless steps are taken, there will be mass-scale slaughter,\" said Arjan Basu Roy of Nature Mates, an NGO.Records show that the number of migratory birds visiting the Santragachhi Jheel has dropped this year, in spite of a spirited effort to clean up the waterbody before their arrival. In 2010, over 10,000 migratory birds of nearly 20 species visited the lake. In 2011, only about 5,500 birds were spotted around the waterbody. Forest department officials and NGOs hope that the numbers will increase in the next couple of months. However, if isolated poaching turns into wholesale culling, the birds may stop visiting the district altogether, bird-lovers feel.Compared to Uluberia, the population of birds near Kandua'r Beel in Amta, is certainly high. While Egrets and other birds flock around villagers watering their fields for the next harvest, there are clear indications that birds are trapped and eaten here as well. Coloured feathers of some unknown bird lie scattered on a narrow pathway between the farmlands. Next to them, lies a broken trap made of cane. Nearly every farm labourer who works the fields carries such a trap and leaves it hidden near the crops.Hundreds of families of migrant labourers from Hooghly and elsewhere are camping around the fields in Amta. Few pay any notice if these families use the birds as a source of cheap protein.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11344063", "title": "Couple in suicide pact consumes poison", "text": "THANE: A couple, Arvind Rai (31) and his wife Seema (30), committed suicide by consuming poison on Sunday. In a suicide note, they cited their poor financial health and a false theft charge as the reasons for taking the extreme step, said the police.Arvind, a wireman, was accused of theft by a Navi Mumbai resident, Rashmi Jain, at whose flat he was doing electrical work. Jain, sources said, refused to pay Rs 70,000 due to Rai and blamed him for stealing Rs 60,000 from her house.The suicide note claimed that Jain and her associates threatened Rai to pay up the entire amount. In his police statement, Arvind's brother Premchand said Jain's allegation drove his brother to suicide. In the suicide note, Arvind has repeatedly wrote that he was no thief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11345898", "title": "Three new archbishops for Jacobite Church", "text": "KOCHI: The Jacobite church consecrated three new metropolitans (archbishops) in a traditional ceremony at the Mar Athanasius Cathedral at the Patriarch Centre, Puthencruz, on Monday.Catholicos Baselios Thomas I led the function to consecrate Rabban Gabriel as Metropolitan Elias Mor Yuliyos, Rabban Barsaumo as Metropolitan Thomas Alexanthrayos, and Rabban Semavon as Metropolitan Zechariahs Mor Policarpos. The fourth metropolitan, Rabban Sthepanose, will be consecrated at Damascus on January 15 by Moran Mor Ignatius Zakha I, the patriarch of the Syrian Orthodox church.At the ceremony held at Puthencruz, the catholicos was assisted by all metropolitans and bishops from the church. The ceremony began with all taking the oath of allegiance to the Patriarch of Antioch. It was last week that four priests from across the state, Fr Scaria Kochillom (Semavon), Fr Thomas Abraham Neriyanthara (Barsoumo), Fr Jomy Joseph (Stephanos) and reverend Fr John Abraham (Gabriel) of Malankara were elevated to the order of Rabban by the catholicos.Rabban Gabriel is working as the priest of Eldho Mar Baselios chapel at Perumbavoor. While Rabban Barsaumo is the priest of Velloor St Mary's Church, Rabban Semavon is the vicar of Mazhuvangad St Mary's Church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346230", "title": "Fire breaks out on Civil Hospital compound", "text": "LUCKNOW: A small fire broke out in the blood separator unit (BSU) of Civil Hospital on Monday.A short circuit was stated to be the reason behind the incident. However, no damage to property was reported by the hospital authorities.According to reports, in the afternoon, people noticed smoke coming out from the first floor of the blood bank building inside the hospital. Later, it was discovered that the BSU had caught fire.There was heavy smoke that had engulfed the adjoining rooms.Panic triggered as several machines in the blood bank were switched off. Fire tenders were called to douse the fire. Chief medical superintendent (CMS) Dr E U Siddiqui said, \"No major damage was done and the fire was controlled within half-an-hour.''He further said the fire broke out due to a short circuit in an electric board.However, workers there claimed that heavy machines are being put to use with old wiring which is unable to withstand the high voltage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348927", "title": "A-list actress for Sudhir Mishra's Mehrunissa", "text": "Cloud over Sudhir Mishra's choice Chitrangda, as UTV wooes Vidya, Katrina for lead roleReportedly, the production house plans on approaching Katrina for a detailed narration of the script. The source explained, \"UTV and Nikhil Advani are co-producing Mehrunissa. While Nikhil has maintained a non-committal stance as far as casting goes, UTV are keen on getting Katrina to essay the lead role.Considering that the film is about a girl who drives a wedge in the 50-year old friendship between two friends essayed by Big B and Rishi Kapoor , the production house feels that the youth market can only be won over by an actress like Katrina.\"Interestingly though neither Big B nor Rishi will actually share screen space with the actress, since the story is told through flashbacks of when they were young (played by newcomers) and courting the beautiful, unattainable girl.Previously, it was Vidya, who was offered the role of this unattainable girl. \"Vidya was considered due to her connection with the film's producer Siddharth Roy Kapur, but she was not so excited about the script ,\" added our source.While Advani was unaware about the decision to cast Katrina, UTV chose not to respond. As for Mishra, he maintained that he has never met the actress. Katrina remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346631", "title": "Woman alone at home found murdered, gold missing", "text": "CHENNAI: A 55-year-old woman was found dead in her house in Kancheepuram on Monday. R Lakshmi, who stays alone at South Street in Servadesa Kulakarai area, was found in a pool of blood with head injuries caused probably by a blow with a blunt object, police said. They also said 10 sovereigns of gold were also missing . The killers also set fire to a mattress in the bedroom.Investigation revealed the murder might have taken place around evening. Police said the deceased owned three houses and rented them out to different persons . She was also a moneylender , the police said. The incident came to light after her body was noticed by neighbours. Police rushed to the spot and sent the body to a government hospital in Kancheepuram for postmortem.\"We suspect two neighbours since they went absconding after the murder was reported. They frequently quarrelled with Lakshmi,\" Sivakanchi inspector T Balasubramanian said. Police are also questioning other tenants, he added. Police have registered a case under Section 302 (murder) of Indian Penal Code and launched a hunt for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349625", "title": "Salman Khan is not playing in CCL: Sohail Khan", "text": "Sohail Khan is the proud owner of a cricketing team and he has high hopes from his players.Called the Mumbai Heroes, Sohail's team is a group of 'good-looking' boys from Bollywood who are looking to make their mark in the Celebrity Cricket League (CCL). Sohail shared his thoughts on actors becoming cricketers and how it's in the spirit of good sportsmanship and entertainment.How did the Mumbai Heroes team come together? It took us less than 48 hours to get a team together because a lot of my friends are cricket enthusiasts. I sent out a message asking them if they would want to be a part of a professional team. All of them replied back with a positive response. We are having fun with the things are moving forward.Is there any selection criteria for actors willing to play as cricketers? There is a process. In the first season, we didn't have one because it was very new and we didn't know the seriousness of the cricket. We thought it was going to be fun-exhibition matches but the first game of the tournament was all about serious cricket. From there on, we decided to start training and put in place a selection system. We have tried to keep a good balance between celebrities and good cricketers. All of them are doing well and most of them will have a more professional approach.Are you enjoying your role of a team owner? Undoubtedly, it's a lot of fun but it is getting more responsible and the league is also growing in size. Last year we had four teams, this year we've got six teams and next year we are going to have eight teams and then we are going to end with ten teams. We are going to introduce the Marathi and Punjabi team next year. Then there will be a Bhojpuri and a Gujarati team. We plan to cover all the film industries of India and it is a great platform for bringing together directors and producers.What is the message behind having celebrities play cricket? It's all about sharing the space together. As we said, there is no barrier and all film industries can be a part of this competitive sport. It's great to see them unite and play cricket in a sporting spirit. Its great fun and we have a good laugh in the after parties regarding the experiences of the game. We are not cricketers. We are just actors training to play good cricket. Getting everyone together is good fun.  Can fans expect Salman Khan to play a match in this season? Unfortunately not. His filming schedule and surgery last year have restricted him from playing but he may play in the next season of CCL. He is the icon player and ambassador of our team.The second season of the famed Celebrity Cricket League (CCL) promises to be more competitive, more glamorous and more action packed than ever. The 'good-looking' boys from Mumbai will be in Sharjah for the season's first match on January 13 as they join a host of celebrities for some action-packed cricketing.Celebs from tinsel town have left no stone unturned in promoting the event as the who's who of Bollywood and the South-Indian film industry descended on Hyderabad for the show's curtain raiser on Monday.This year will see the actors play their first international match as the Mumbai Heroes announced Sharjah as their home city for the matches. Cricket fans will be treated to a dose of entertainment when the Mumbai Heroes take on the Chennai Rhinos.Cheering for the Mumbai Heroes will be brand ambassadors Kangana Ranaut, Sonakshi Sinha and Genelia D'Souza.Bookings for the Sharjah matches have already hit a high-note as fans look to avoid disappointment by snapping tickets well ahead of the games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11347920", "title": "Night shelter homes neglected in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: Night shelter homes in the city are facing problems in continuing their services as they are not receiving any support from the police and the social welfare department. Most people are not even aware of these homes. Therefore, the eight NGOs that run night shelter homes in the city are planning to create awareness among people to support these night shelter homes.The children who are rescued at night during police patrolling are sent to these night shelter homes. These homes provide services to destitute children from 8 pm to 8 am in different parts of the city. In spite of that, the NGOs which run the shelter homes do not receive enough support. The eight different NGOs that run night shelter homes include, Snehalaya, Eastern People's Community Participation, Golaghat Nirmaan Mahila Got, Yuva Nivas Sanstha (for men), North East Voluntary Association for Rural Development, Assam Seva Samity, SEDRUC and Indian Council for Child Welfare (for women). The eight NGOs feel that the social welfare department should look into the cause of these night shelter homes and come to their aid and provide adequate support to them to run these shelter homes.\"It gets very difficult to run these shelter homes as we do not get support from any quarters. We hope the social welfare department will look into the matter and support our cause,\" said a member of an NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11348382", "title": "Wife, lover held for man's murder", "text": "MANDYA: A 30 -year-old woman and her paramour along with five others were arrested on Monday on charges of allegedly murdering a man two months ago in Chikkamandya village of Mandya taluk.Circle inspector G Krishnamurti said Pavitra, her paramour Swamy and his five friends Puttaswamy, Shivakumar, Rajesh, Anil and Prakash who allegedly helped him to kill Pavitra's husband Venkatesh on October 22 have been arrested.Police said Pavitra allegedly had an affair with her landlord Swamy and it was strongly opposed by Venkatesh. When Pavitra ignored Venkatesh's advice to end her affair, he is reported to have told her that he would bring this matter to the attention of the elders. This made Pavitra and Swamy to hatch a plan to kill Venkatesh. They kidnapped him on October 22, strangled him to death and dumped his body in a canal near Hampapura. This matter did not come into the open till Venkatesh's brother lodged a complaint with police on November 22 alleging that Pavitra and his paramour may have killed Venkatesh.\"A cellphone belonging to the victim helped nab the killers. After killing the victim, the culprits had taken Venkatesh's mobile and given it to Pramod. When we interrogated Pramod, he named the culprits who had given the mobile to him,\" Krishnamurti said.While searching for Venkatesh's body, police found a torn t-shirt, trousers and few bones. \"We will send the bones to FSIL for scientific examination,\" the police said. A case has been registered in rural police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11344819", "title": "Brother-sister duo lands in hospital after poisoning, boy dies", "text": "JAIPUR: A four-year-old boy died and his sister is fighting for life in the ICU of the J K Lon Hospital here on Monday after they allegedly consumed a poisonous substance.The boy, Vikas, and his sister Seema were rushed to the hospital in serious condition. Their father Bhola Ram, a farmer, has returned to his home at Jaitpura in Jaipur district with the body of his son. His brother Behru Ram at the hospital as an attendant for his six-year-old daughter.\"Both Vikas and Seema fell ill yesterday (Sunday). But, when their condition started deteriorating, we took them to the hospital. It is a tough time for my brother as his son is already dead and the daughter is in a serious condition,\" Behru said.The children were brought to the hospital at 9.30 am and Vikas died at 12.50 pm while undergoing treatment. \"He was gasping when he brought to the hospital. After an hour, he died,\" hospital superintendent S D Sharma said.The doctors are now trying to save the life of the girl who was admitted to the ICU. \"Her condition is serious. We have kept her on a ventilator and gave cardio-pulmonary support,\" Sharma said. The doctors added that before drawing any conclusion about the cause of poisoning, there is a need to follow a sequence of events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "11348572", "title": "UAE camel festival features beauty contests, races", "text": "DUBAI: Some have lined up to display their beauty, while others are competing for racing skills.At the much-celebrated annual camel festival in the UAE , the animals are enjoying all the attention coming their way as more than 10,000 humped beasts gather together to participate in a series of events.The Sheikh Zayed Race Grand Prix Festival, which will run to January 5, offers prizes totalling USD 8.16 million to winners of 155 races over various categories and distances.Besides the races, the festival also sees a range of competitions including beauty shows, milking and breeding, and auctions as well as cultural and folklore sideshows.Traditional horse and camel shows were held at the event on its first day which featured a 4 kilometre camel race and an auction on 59 camels.Officials said such events celebrate the fact that animals have been a vital part of the Emirati way of life for centuries.Besides races and pageants, other events that draw people at the camel festival photography competitions and traditional souqs or markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11345601", "title": "Colleges rush to avoid being T struck", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fearing a fresh round of uncertainty after TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao's statement about renewing the T agitation post Sankranti, city colleges have stepped up their game. City colleges are bracing up for another spell of bandhs by holding extra classes and altering schedules. For lecturers in the city, it is now race against time as they are being asked to complete syllabus before Sankranti itself.\"We are rushing to finish syllabus before Sankranti,\" said Anju Prasad, lecturer at St Mary's College, Yousufguda. \"We are scheduled to have exams from January 17. We will try our best to stick to it,\" she said.Seema Ghosh, lecturer at Bhavan's Vivekananda College said: \"Many lecturers in our college are already taking extra classes. The zero hour at 9 am, an hour before the first period starts, and the 6th} and 7th hours after regular classes are being utilized for the purpose. \"Our target is to complete the syllabus before January 15 as we do not want to take a chance in case we have another string of bandhs.\" Ghosh also added that their usual second Saturday holidays have been cancelled to accommodate more classes.For students and staff of Sreenidhi Institute of Science and Technology (SNIST), cancellation of winter vacation was the preferred alternative. \"Every year, our winter break lasts for a week or 10 days. But this time, the only holiday we had was for Christmas. So far, we have not received any intimation from JNTU regarding the exam schedule. But if an official confirmation on the agitation is received, then we are prepared to conduct extra classes in the evenings as well,\" said Jyothsna Tirunagari, lecturer at SNIST.BVK Murthy, associate professor at JBIET, revealed that they have prepared for a worst case scenario. \"We will hold classes at our head office on Banjara Hills Road No.1, if such a situation arises. For now, we have strictly instructed students to miss not even a single class,\" he said.For OU affiliated colleges like Vasavi College of Engineering, struggling to make up for the time lost in the recent bandhs, there is no other option but to extend the academic year if faced with a situation like last October. \"The examinations in our college, which were scheduled to end by November itself, are now getting over on January 4. The next semester is scheduled to begin on January 16. If circumstances force us to postpone that, then we will have to extend the academic year,\" said Dr IV Rao, principal, Vasavi College of Engineering.Pratap Reddy, director, OU Academic and Audit Cell, said: \"We have decided to conduct the examinations from January 18 onwards. We will have to wait and see what happens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346392", "title": "Ayurveda faces Unani rage", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Charminar Ayurveda Hospital building is in a precariously dilapidated condition but no renovation work has been undertaken by the authorities. It is also not being shifted from the premises of the Nizamia General Hospital, which was allegedly supposed to be a 'temporary' location.Ayurveda Hospital's dispute with its twin Unani Hospital and students of Unani College is decades old. The outpatient block of the government Ayurveda hospital occupies the east wing of the Nizamia hospital, while a good portion of the building is used for the 100 bed in-patient Ayurveda wards.\"While both the practices are parallel and important, the expansion of the Unani practice has been kept in abeyance because of lack of space. We will shortly be expanding into a 250-bed hospital but it will be very difficult without additional space. The place now occupied by Ayurveda hospital was given only on a temporary basis but the hospital has not moved out yet despite several relocation options given to them,\" said a practitioner from Unani Hospital. The Unani college students are more vocal in expressing their protests. \"Ayurveda go back\" scribbled over the walls, amply portrays their resentment.AYUSH officials point out that though many alternatives were considered to relocate the Ayurveda hospital, none of them was liked by the management. \"We have checked locations near Mallepali, Dabeerpura, and Madina in the recent past, but none of these locations suited us. There have been no orders from the government though this matter has come up now and then,\" said S Sudha, additional director for Ayurveda, AYUSH.The Ayurveda staff maintain that the hospital has to stay at its current location because the practice has been established there. \"The practice of Ayurveda has become just as popular as Unani here. Unani and Ayurveda systems supplement each other. The Charminar hospital is unique because both these systems are present here which benefits the patient. If one system cannot treat the patient, he can always seek treatment through the other system,\" said a staffer at the hospital.Apart from this debate, the major concern for the Ayurveda practitioners is the dilapidated condition of the outpatient block. The dangerous state of the building came to fore when a dome collapsed and killed a woman last year. Although restoration of the heritage structure was sanctioned and inaugurated after the chief minister's visit to the Unani Hospital, works are yet to begin. Meanwhile, in the wake of the mishap, a sum of Rs 8 lakh was sanctioned for repairs in the outpatient block to arrest leakage and prevent the ceiling from caving in, but the works are going on at a slow pace. With hardly any change in the situation the officials have been forced to shift classes to the Eraggada hospital.Sudha says that owing to the bad state of building and lack of adequate facilities, medical practice has also dwindled. \"The outpatient building has been closed for one year now. We shifted our students to Erragadda hospital. After the mishap, we also had to shift the out-patient ward to another location on the premises,\" she said.Apala Naidu, the superintendent of Ayurveda hospital, said that the repair works will be completed in about a month's time. \"Students in Eraggada hospital have been protesting to return to Charminar,\" he said, adding that Ayurveda practice cannot move out because no such decision has been taken by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11344465", "title": "Husband threatens woman with gun, held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A legal adviser with Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB), Kulbir Kaur, was threatened at gunpoint by her husband Surinder Singh at her house in Sector 37 on Sunday night. Police arrested Singh, who is a junior engineer (JE) with Milkfed in Sector 32, and seized his pistol.The locality of the estranged couple witnessed a dramatic turn of events. Police said the a brawl broke out between the two when Kaur objected to Surinder's late night drinking with his relatives. When Kaur left for her room after the argument, an angry Surinder followed his wife and threatened her with his gun.Kaur informed the police control room and a police team from Sector 39 police station rushed to the spot. Surinder's arm license is valid until December, 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11349904", "title": "BDO &amp; four others hurt in accident", "text": "Lohardaga: The block bevelopment officer of Raidih, Mery Merky, and her driver Guddu Khan met with an accident at Jagan Dorha near Aru village on the Lohardaga-Gumla state highway in Senha on Monday.The BDO was going to Gumla in her four-wheeler when it was dashed by a truck. Her friend Sajid Toppo and one Ashok Ekka, who were also in the four-wheeler, sustained injuries. They were out of danger.The BDO and her driver have been referred to Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) in Ranchi for better treatment. A woman, Ayesha Bibi, travelling in the truck, also sustained minor injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344421", "title": "10% hike in ready reckoner rates", "text": "NAGPUR: The revenue department hiked ready reckoner rates of properties in city by 10% evoking a sharp criticism by realtors. However, the markets rates even in times of slackness are much higher than the government benchmark. Ready reckoner provides the minimum rate at which the stamp duty has to be paid by the purchaser of a property no matter at what price the deal is registered.However, a comparison of revised ready reckoner rates in some key areas of the city with prevalant market valuation of newly built properties only indicates that the government was still charging less on property deals. For example, the ready recknoner rates for flats in Ramdaspeth area is pegged at 4380 a square foot but sources in business say new flats in this area go for 8,000 to 8,500 a square foot.The situation is no different in other parts of the state. The ready reckoner rates in Andheri, an upmarket suburb in Mumbai are equal to market rates of Ramdaspeth.Mid-range properties in Andheri, Mumbai are priced at 15,000 to 16,000 a square foot and premium ones are above 30,000.However, builders and realtors in Nagpur still cry foul. TS Renu, president of NCCL said,that 10% hike was too much.\"The ready reckoner should not have increased at all.The property rates did not increase in 2011. In 2012, there is little chance of increase due to economic slowdown. They may actually go down\".Anand Fiske, of Arnav Infrastructure, echoed similar sentiments. \"Entire realty sector is in a bad shape because Mihan did not take off as expected. Rates have come down in many localities. The scenario outside the municipal area is even bleaker as metro region is not being developed properly,\" he said.However, Vijay Kumar of IPSEL Ventures, Mumbai said, that even in times of a low market there is enough scope for the ready reckoner to be brought to realistic levels.\"The prevalent market rates only show a wide differencefrom the ready reckoner. The builders may warn that it may further increase the prices, but that is baseless as only demand and supply determine the price. I if paying capcacity is low there will be no scope for further increase,\" said Kumarwho also has an exposure in realty business in NagpurMeanwhile, revenue officials said, the increase was more in areas where the rates were low. \"We have increased the cost of RCC Construction from 8,500 to 10,000 per sq metre. After adding the rate for open plots and construction it is multiplied by a fixed component for different type of constructions. Residential is 1.15, shops - 1.50, office - 1.25 and industrial - 1.20.\"The FormulaRate of open plots in Surendra Nagar in 2011 was Rs 20,000 per sq m. The ready reckoner for flats was: (20,000 + 8,500) x 1.15 = Rs 32,775 per sq m or about Rs 3275 per sq ft. The rate for open plot is now Rs 24,000 per sq m. The rate for flats is thus: (24,000 + 10,000) x 1.15 = Rs 39,100 per sq m or Rs 3910 per sq ft. The increase in this case is clearly about 20%RATE OF PLOTS IN RS PER SQ MAreas2011 2012 % increaseAbhyankar Road, Sitabuldi 51,000 55,000 8Interior areas of Sitabuldi 15,000 18,000 20Bajajnagar, Deekshabhhoomi, 28,000 31,000 11Ramdaspeth, Shankar NagarShraddhanandpeth, KachhipuraWardha Road, Panchsheel to Rani 50,000 54,000 8Jhansi SquareRPTS Road, Pratapnagar 23,000 27,000 17Surendra Nagar, South Laxmi 20,000 24,000 20Nagar, Atre LayoutWHC Road, Dharampeth 32,000 36,000 13Central Avenue upto Itwari 42,000 48,000 14Jagnath Mandir Road 20,000 22,500 13(Badkas Sq to Teen Nal Sq )Pachpaoli Road(Chitnis Park to Golibar Sq) 32,000 35,000 9Kelibagh Road(Reshimbagh Sq to CP Berar College) 22,000 24,000 9Great Nag Road(Ashok Sq to Sant Jagnade Sq ) 23,000 26,000 13Amravati Road(Ravi Nagar) 24,000 28,000 17Ravi Nagar No Devpt Zone 3,600 3,900 8Defence Railway Line area(Swawalambi Ngr Sq to Trimurti Ngr Sq) 31,000 34,000 10Interior area ofTrimurti Nagar, Bhausaheb Surve Nagar 17,000 19,500 15Rates of plot with NA outside Nagpur (Rs per sq m)Butibori 4,300 4,500 5Beltarodi 5,500 6,000 9Besa 6,000 6,500 8Wadi 4,000 5,000 25Kalkuhi 3,600 3,800 6Jamtha 4,300 4,700 9Kapsi (Bhandara Rd) 2,900 3,100 7Wanadongri 2,800 3,500 25Hingna 3,000 3,300 10Rates of Agricultural land (Rs crore per hectare)Butibori 1.02 1.05 3Beltarodi 1.19 1.25 5Besa 1.40 1.50 7Kalkuhi 0.90 0.94 5Jamtha 1.08 1.12 4Kapsi 0.75 0.80 7Wanadongri 0.70 0.75 7Hingna 0.80 0.83 4", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11347926", "title": "Weather likely to clear by tomorrow", "text": "KANPUR: The city remained cloudy on Monday. The thick dark cloud cover also brought the minimum temperature down. It stood at 10.6 degrees, nearly four degrees less than that of Sunday.However, the maximum temperature increased slightly and was recorded at 17 degrees on Monday. The humidity remained high due to cloud cover and excessive moisture in the air. The humidity was 95 per cent in the morning which declined to 85 per cent in the afternoon.According to meteorological department of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the rainy spell would not last long. Meteorologists said it is normal to get partial rainfall in January. But excessive rains may revive chilling winters.\"The weather is cloudy because of western disturbances. It is a temporary situation and it may clear by Wednesday,\" CSA meteorologist CB Singh said.The weatherman predicted that there could be partial showers in the second week of January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344248", "title": "NCP stakes claim on 45 seats in Cong-NCP alliance", "text": "NAGPUR: The talks between the Congress and the NCP for a pre-poll alliance for the forthcoming NMC polls entered a crucial phase with NCP staking claim to 45 seats in order to finalize a deal. In outgoing civic body, NCP had 8 corporators. NCP city president Ajay Patil on Monday handed over the list of its identified prabhags and candidates to city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta. The scene shifts on Tuesday to Mumbai where city Congress leaders will be meeting state leadership to decide on the seat sharing.Congress had earlier formed a panel of six members headed by city MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar , leader of opposition in civic house Vikas Thakre, ex-minister Satish Chaturvedi and city MLAs Nitin Raut, Dinanath Padole and Gupta. MPCC will discuss seat sharing with the panel. While NCP claimed for 45, insiders believe that they may settle for 30 or so. NCP is also using its recently-struck alliance with RPI (Khobragade) to leverage its position for more seats.Congress under pressure from Central high command to wrest control of NMC is keen on having a pre-poll tie-up with NCP but it finds NCP's demand for 45 seats too ambitious. They may settle at 30 to NCP and allies and 115 for Congress. Ironically, it is BJP president Nitin Gadkari's decision to contest from Nagpur Lok Sabha seat in next general polls, that influenced Congress-NCP alliance.They also fancy that they can pool up secular vote to oust BJP from power in NMC. They also know that if Gadkari is to be countered in general elections, Congress-led alliance should have control over civic body. The pressure on local Congress leaders to patch-up and put their act together is so immense that for the first time in a decade Muttemwar and Chaturvedi factions have joined hands.While Congress may confabulate in Mumbai, any tie-up would be announced in a hurry. This is because, if for instance NCP is given 30 seats and their prabhags are announced now, the men in remaining prabhags would be disturbed to the extent of contesting as independents. Same will be the case within Congress. So, talks may begin now but any decision is unlikely anytime soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346784", "title": "Health, education tops Malik\u2019s priority list", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Overall development of the city will be the priority of newly elected mayor, Rajbala Malik.Talking to TOI after taking over as the mayor, Malik said, \"This is a new and challenging seat but also a good chance to work for the betterment of the city. Besides basic works like construction of roads, parks, improved and proper sanitation, primary health and primary education will also be taken care of in a better manner so that residents can get better facilities.\"She further said community centres are her another priority. Though we have many community centres but will construct more as per requirement.Sources in the Congress revealed that as Malik is a newcomer in politics and doesn't have any political experience, it will be tough for her to run the house.\"The number of opposition group is also big, therefore the party will have to chalk out a concrete plan to run the house before all the monthly house meetings. But we are hopeful that we will manage the things is better manner,\" said a senior Congress leader, not wanting to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11346163", "title": "2-wheeler accident deaths up by 25% from \u201909 to \u201910", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fatalities in two-wheeler accidents have sharply increased by 25% - from 19,728 in 2009 to 24,616 in 2010 - points out the latest road accident report of the highways ministry.Records show national highways still account for the lion's share of 36% fatalities at a time, when the government has accelerated their expansion and construction to meet the 20-km per day target.The report, prepared by the transport research wing and published almost a month after the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) report was released, shows the country lost over 1.34 lakh lives in 2010 - about 600 more than what NCRB had reported for the same year. \"There is significant increase of at least 8,800 more lives lost on roads in 2010 in comparison to the previous year. Out every 10 people dying in road accidents, six are being killed on national and state highways. We need to find where the road safety plans have gone wrong,\" said a ministry official.Trucks and tempos had the highest share (29%) of road fatalities in 2010, while two-wheelers, which account for about 60% of country's total vehicular population, have emerged as the most vulnerable category.\"There are bad legislations which don't make the helmet wearing compulsory for all two-wheeler drivers,\" said Rohit Baluja, a traffic safety expert. The report shows that more than half of the fatalities are from Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Maharashtra is the highest at 14.3%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "london/pune", "code": "11346171", "title": "20-yr-old Briton 'Psycho' killed Bidve?", "text": "LONDON/PUNE: A 20-year-old man, charged for murdering a 23-year-old Indian student in Manchester on December 26, described himself as \"Psycho Stapleton\" as he appeared before a British court on Monday.Bidve, a graduate student at Lancaster University, was shot in the head after he was approached on Boxing Day, as he walked with a group of friends towards Manchester city centre. He was holidaying there during the Christmas break.The accused - Kiaran Stapleton - will be held in custody for 24 hours and sent to Manchester Crown Court that deals with murder cases. Stapleton, who spotted a grey T-shirt and grey tracksuit trousers, was led into the courtroom in handcuffs, as four armed officers took positions in each corner.He called himself \"Psycho ... Psycho Stapleton' ' when asked for his name. Prosecutor Ben Southam said the case would be sent to a higher court.The British police, investigating the seemingly unprovoked attack, are treating it as a \"hate crime\" as it could have been racially motivated.In Pune, two British police officers - Russ Jackson and Peter Rickards - met the Bidves to apologize for their failure to inform them about their son's murder. The officers told the family that they had detained five suspects of which three were released and another one is out on bail.The family has been critical of the way the British and Indian authorities have handled the case. Bidve's father came to know about his son's murder on Facebook. The family is waiting for his body.\"Officials will conduct second post-mortem on Tuesday . If the report matches with the first one, then the body would be handed over to the Indian High Commission in the UK,'' said Bidve's cousin , Suruchi Wagh.UK envoy meets Indian top official in New DelhiActing British high commissioner to India James Bevan on Monday briefed Union home secretary R K Singh on the ongoing probe into the killing of Indian student Anuj Bidve in UK last week. The High Commission has granted visas to Anuj's parents to visit the UK, and steps are being taken to bring his body to India. Sources said that India was satisfied with the prompt action taken by the British authorities against the culprits involved in the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "11345289", "title": "Cops shoot 3 Maoists, capture 1 alive", "text": "SASARAM: Three alleged Maoists, one of them carrying a reward on his head, were killed and one was injured in an encounter with police at Matiyawan village under Rohtas district's Chutiya police station area on Monday. While the injured Maoist was arrested, police also recovered four firearms, including two looted from police, huge quantity of live cartridges, detonators and other explosives from the spot.Acting on a tip-off about the movement of an armed squad of the outlawed CPI (Maoist), a team consisting of local policemen and jawans of Commando Battalion for Resolute Action and CRPF launched a combing operation on the Kaimur hills. \"When the forces challenged the squad on spotting it, bullets rained on them. An encounter ensued which continued for six hours,\" SP Manu Maharaj said.The felled Maoists were identified as Kashi Kaul of UP and Santosh Yadav and Guddu Singh alias Parsidhjee of Jharkhand. Police said Kashi, who was carrying a reward on his head in UP, was the extremist outfit's area commander operating in Rohtas's Nauhatta police station area. The injured Maoist, Sushil Chaudhary, is a resident of Madhukutia village under the Nauhatta police station area.Earlier on November 10 last year, five Maoists were captured after an encounter with security forces in Suarmanwa forests in the district. Three rifles, 25 detonators and 25 live cartridges, among other things, were recovered from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346792", "title": "Decommissioning of Ennore plant only after 2012 summer: TNEB officials", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has announced the setting up of a 600 MW thermal power plant at Ennore , but Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) officials say the existing 450MW plant can be decommissioned only after the summer of 2012.On Sunday , chief minister J Jayalalithaa said the 40-year-old plant would be replaced by a 600 MW plant on 90 acres at an estimated Rs 3,600 crore and the plant would begin supplying power to the grid by 2015. A clearance from the ministry of environment andforestsis neededtostart the plant . \"Once the plant is commissioned , we can save a lot of money spent on coal purchase for weak plants ,\" said a senior TNEB official .There are now two 60 MW and three 110MW units at the Ennore plant , of which only 50MW of power is generated daily . \"The new units will be environment-friendly . We can use the same amount of coal used in the existing units and generate more electricity ,\" said a senior official .The delay in decommissioning the existing Ennore units , he said , was due to the high demand expected in the summer , when it usually crosses 11,000MW . Officials say they need alternate sources to generate power . \"We cannot afford to do it . The shortage is around 3,500MW and even 50MW of power is valuable . So we shut the units only after making alternate arrangements ,\" said the official .The TNEB hopes the decommissioning can be done once the Vallur , Mettur and North Chennai power projects become operational . \"The plants are expected to be commissioned in March and we will be getting around 1,700MW from the three units .Then wecan safely shutdown the Ennore plant ,\" said the official .The three projects were to be commissioned last year but there was a delay in getting equipment and setting up coal handling facilities . \"By mid-2012 ,half the shortage will be bridged and the entire shortage by year end ,\" said the official .Officials say strengthening of transmission lines should be done while setting up additional projects . \"Otherwise , there is no point in generating more power . Laying cables will take time ,\" said a source .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11345399", "title": "HUDA chief swamped by Sector 56 complaints", "text": "GURGAON: The HUDA office in Sector 56 was flooded with complainants who participated in a day-long open meeting with the HUDA administrator on Monday.Most of the complaints were pertaining to delay in the issue of completion certificates, transfer of property, in the allotment of plots and also in the reallotment of plots.All the complainants spoke to the administrator about their problem. \"There will be more such meetings in which I will be interacting with the complainants directly and solving their problem on the spot. Today's meeting was necessary to bring back the trust of the common man in the system,\" said the administrator, Praveen Kumar.Sudesh Yadav, a resident, was one such complainant who is yet to get possession of a plot that she was allotted nine years ago. \"I am running from one HUDA office to the other but there is no one to tell me why I am yet to get the plot,\" she said.She was allotted the plot in Sector 52 in 2003. \"I have the offer letter and the allotment letter but till today I have not been given the plot. I spoke to the administrator today about this inordinate delay in the plot allotment and I am hoping that it is done now,\" said Yadav, a Gurgaon resident.There were others who had been ousted from the plot because of HUDA litigation but they still have not been given an alternative plot. \"The main problem in the EO (estate officer) II office is that there is no record. The files and other documents of the allottees are never found and this delays the work,\" said Sumer Singh, another resident.He had come for the work completion certificate of his plot. \"As per the HUDA citizens' charter, a completion certificate should be ready in 15 days. But I am coming to the EO II office for the past one year and it is still not ready. The lower bureaucracy blames it on official procedures and keeps delaying the matter,\" said Ravinder Kumar, another resident.The delay in issuance of completion certificate is the most common grudge of the residents. \"The EO II office has a single window system for all the services but the residents have to run from pillar to post to see the records and meet officials. It is so disturbing that no one takes work seriously,\" said another resident, Parvinder Singh, who had some here to get his completion certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346754", "title": "Water damaged cars: Claims can\u2019t be denied", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an order which has larger implications, the district consumer forum has held that if a car breaks down because of waterlogging in the engine due to rain, the insurance company cannot repudiate the claim.The insurance company in its plea said the driver did not take reasonable care and stopped the car allowing waterlogging. However, the complainant had taken the stand that he did not try to switch on the ignition as he had been warned earlier by the company that the car should never be restarted in such a situation. While holding the company responsible for deficiency in service, forum directed the HDFC General Insurance Company to pay an amount of Rs 97,000 along with Rs 35,000 as compensation and litigation cost for mental agony to the consumer. Orders were passed by the consumer forum-I headed by president P D Goel while allowing a complaint filed by Chandigarh resident, Harjit Singh.Complainant's Skoda Octavia car was insured with HDFC insurance company. On July 18, when he was going from Chandigarh to Mohali, there was sudden heavy rain and consequently the vehicle stopped in the middle of the road at Mohali. On the next day, the car was taken to agency and the claim was also lodged with the insurance company. The surveyor of the company estimated Rs 1,06,908 as the cost of repair. After the vehicle was repaired in agency, the complainant paid around Rs 97,000. Thereafter, the complainant was shocked to receive a letter on August 23 from insurance company rejecting the claim. While giving reasons of rejection, insurance company pleaded that the damage to the vehicle has occurred on account of negligence of the complainant as he tried to start the car on the road, where water was logged, and failed to take reasonable care and caution to protect his car.After hearing both the parties, forum held that the company cannot repudiate the claim because its their own observation only that complainant has not taken reasonable care of the car while driving in rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346720", "title": "e-file system not taking off", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite spending huge amounts on the e-file tracking system, which was launched at Panjab University (PU) in April 2009, the project has not been implemented.PU is also providing training to faculty members and other varsity staff to use this system, but the response has not been up to the mark. They are not coming forward to learn the new system.\"This is aimed at tracking status of files and other regular mail. Many departments are still not using it and doing all the work manually,\" said a senior faculty member of PU, requesting anonymity.Another faculty member said, \"Though PU's computer centre is providing training and has designated specific time slots for the teachers, the system it is not easy to learn. Besides, the approach is also not right. They should select certain officials from each department for training and only they should be designated to utilize this.\"There are over 70 teaching departments in PU and only some are using the system.K Tankeshwar, director of PU's Computer Centre, told TOI, \"This is our initiative to end red-tapism and to ensure quick movement of files. There are a few small departments that are not using it. However, we are providing all assistance to make this initiative successful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346523", "title": "\u2018Pending probe can\u2019t justify long suspension\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Pending departmental inquiry or disciplinary proceedings can't be used as grounds to place government employees under suspension for a long period of time, observed vice-chairman of the Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal (MAT) A P Sinha.\"Even the apex court has made it clear that long continuation of suspension and pending disciplinary proceedings make it punitive and unlawful. An employee is placed under suspension to prevent him/her from tampering with the evidence or influencing the witnesses. In the present case, no such material has been placed on record to indicate such a possibility,\" Sinha observed in his five-page order while disposing of an application filed by a revenue department employee, S S Gaikwad, against her suspension.Expressing displeasure over the state government's failure to appoint an inquiry officer to probe charges of irregularities against her, Sinha said, \"Gaikwad was suspended for making irregular mutation entries in land records. Though a chargesheet was served on her, neither an inquiry officer nor a presenting officer was appointed despite the passage of more than a year. No explanation for the inordinate delay has been offered...without going into the merits of the case, I am directing the government to reinstate her subject to the outcome of the disciplinary proceedings against her.\"The MAT observed that the only reason given to justify the suspension order was that the allegations against Gaikwad were serious in nature while the naib tehsildar who had certified the entries made by her was quickly reinstated. Sinha's order assumes significance for 19 lakh-odd state government employees.At present, quite a large number of employees is under suspension as the departmental inquiry against them is pending.\"Suspended employees are at the mercy of the inquiry officer. Even for a minor error, employees have to suffer for a better part of their lives,\" a senior bureaucrat said. The bureaucrat has called for a permanent mechanism for completion of departmental probes in a time-bound manner.\"As has been observed by the apex court, an employee can't remain under suspension for a prolonged period. Government should set up an independent mechanism for the purpose. Appoint senior officers exclusively to conduct departmental probes. They should be asked to complete the probe within three months,\" he said.While special inquiry officers conduct probes against IAS and IPS officials, no such mechanism exists for the rest of the employees. \"Employee organizations should take up the matter with the CM and the chief secretary,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11347865", "title": "Police commissionerate runs for technology upgrade in the New Year", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Technology upgradation in policing will be the thrust area for the twin city police commissionerate in 2012, said commissioner of police B K Sharma on the sidelines of the fourth foundation day of the commissionerate police system here on Monday.Police have roped in IT services major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) to digitize the citizen-centric benefits at the earliest. \"In the first phase, we will digitize services like verification of passports and service matter. People need not move around police stations. The service will be just a click away,\" Sharma said. \"We already have the manpower and infrastructure at our office. Our personnel will be trained to handle the matter,\" he added.As of now, people have been paying a series of visits to police stations for passport verification and service related matter. While nearly 400 passport verification applications reach police stations on any given day, the applications to verify the characters and antecedents pertaining to employment in various government and private sectors touch nearly 100 on a daily basis. The existing process of verification for both the services takes not less than 20 to 30 days, sources said. \"The proposed digitized service will reduce this time,\" Sharma said.This apart, police plan to launch a website where common people can upload images and video clippings of accused persons, taken surreptitiously during the commission of crimes in the city. Top cops recently discussed installation of the system in the state capital with some American technocrats.Installation of close circuit television cameras (CCTV) at vital installations in the city is another ambitious service to be rolled out this year.Police will also record conversations of police personnel in police vans and control room on very high frequency (VHF) and ultra high frequency (UHF) gadgets.CRPF DG K Vijay Kumar , who was the chief guest at the foundation day celebration, lauded the community policing of the police commissionerate. \"The community policing service impressed me. There are some points here some other states should follow,\" Kumar said.Kumar felicitated senior police officer Dilip Kumar Das as the best territorial ACP of 2011. While inspector Harihar Dora was declared the best inspector, Panu Behera received the award for the best home guard.Odisha DGP Manmohan Praharaj also praised the police commissionerate for putting up a good show despite several constraints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346609", "title": "Trains rescheduled", "text": "CHENNAI: The following trains have been rescheduled due to late running of pairing trains. Train No.15629 Chennai Egmore - Guwahati Weekly Express scheduled to leave Chennai Egmore at 10:30pm. on Monday is rescheduled to leave Chennai Egmore at 12:05pm on Tuesday due to late running of pairing train.Train No 15929 Chennai Egmore - Dibrugarh Weekly Express scheduled to leaveChennai Egmore at 10:30pm on Thursday is rescheduled to leave Chennai Egmore at 12:05pm on Friday due to late running of pairing train, according to a Southern Railway press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11338316", "title": "There is no problem in exposing: Shazahn Padamsee", "text": "Shazahn Padamsee, who hails from a theatre background prefers to work in the typical Bollywood masala films.Daughter of popular theatre actors Alyque Padamsee and Sharon Prabhakar, Shazahn feels that she is the odd one out in her family who prefers to essay feel-good characters on screen and would not mind doing item numbers if there is an opportunity. \"You need a figure like that to show off.\"Having made tons of appearances on stage, Shazahn acted in a full fledged play Unspoken Dialogues by her father Alyque Padamsee. Ask her if her father is interested in her career and she says, \"My parents are more interested in the Lagaan, Black or Satya kind of films. Even my South Mumbai friends who preferred watching Hollywood films are now going crazy over this new trend of item numbers and small budget Bollywood films.\" With her whole childhood being spent at theatres in Mumbai, Shazahn enjoyed herself assisting her father in his plays. She also feels that like her mother - the popular singer Sharon Prabhakar, she will someday also croon a number.Shazahn is open to skin show and posing for magazine covers if they are done aesthetically. \"Today posing for magazine covers is a serious business. There is no problem in showing off your body.\"Before she signs off, we ask her the cliche question if being the child of famous parents in Mumbai and she says, \"My parents are famous but they do not belong to films. Secondly, I also don't have a father or mother who will produce a film for my career!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11346159", "title": "Firebombs strike mosque, Hindu worship site in NY", "text": "NEW YORK: New York police are investigating as bias crimes four Molotov cocktail attacks on Sunday night including one against a mosque with 75 people inside and another against a Hindu place of worship. No injuries were reported.New York governor Andrew Cuomo on Monday assigned state law enforcement officials to assist the New York City investigation, saying the attacks \"go against everything we stand for as New Yorkers and Americans\" , and the Council on American-Islamic Relations condemned the attacks.The arson attacks occurred over two hours on Sunday night in the borough Queens, police said. The first firebomb hit a convenience store, causing damage behind the counter, and the second hit a private house.Residents of the home escaped without harm but the fire caused extensive damage , police said.The third targeted the Imam al-Khoei Foundation, a Shia organization that provides education, funeral services , counseling and helps organize Islamic pilgrimages to Saudi Arabia , according to its website.The fourth attack hit a private home where Hindu services are held.About 75 to 80 worshippers were inside the mosque and some of them attempted to put out a small fire at the top of the door until the fire department arrived, imam Maan Alsahlani said.\"We don't know who did this and we cannot accuse anyone. We will let the police department deal with this,\" Alsahlani said. Police said the suspect was a man driving a silver sport utility vehicle . At three of the sites the same type of glass container was used, a Starbucks Frappuccino bottle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346566", "title": "Rate hike will reduce black money component", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government's decision to hike Ready Reckoner (RR) rates-used to calculate stamp duty-by an average 17% this year will fuel a drop in sales as it narrows down the difference of the price quoted for a property by the government and that of the developer, property experts said.\"Property sales will drop due to high prices and not because of the RR rates, which are revenue driven. Property rates are high as there is a high premium of up to 40% attached to ready flats,'' said Pranay Vakil, chairman, Knight Frank, global property consultants, adding that high prices will not last long.\"By March-end, pressure will mount on developers to repay interest on money they borrowed. Developers have been pinning hopes on non-resident Indians (NRIs) due to the high rupee-dollar ratio (Rs 52 to a dollar). This market lasts till February 15. With the NRIs' focus this time more on ready products, developers, to boost sales, have no option but to lower prices,'' Vakil added.Rajesh Mehta of Raha Realtors and Sanjay Reddy, co-founder of Groff, a broking firm, said, \"The RR rate is calculated taking into account the property's agreement value. If property prices are already high, sales are bound to drop. The hike, obviously, is not in line with the current market scenario at all.''Property experts said the hike in RR rates will reduce the black money component in property transactions, especially in slum projects. \"Sales have dropped by almost 25% in the past one year, so the cash component was less. The hike now only reinforces the reduction of black money. If I was selling a Rs30 lakh flat for Rs50 lakh, I would sign an agreement for Rs40 lakh and take Rs10 lakh in cash. Now, that cash amount has reduced to Rs5 lakh,'' a consultant said.Sensing the possibility of further decline in sales volume, developers slammed the government for hiking the rate. Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry president Paras Gundecha said that by the government's admission, stamp duty collection had fallen by over 30% last year due to low property sales.\"Why this increase when customers are already burdened with service tax, VAT, labour cess and 5% stamp duty?'' Gundecha said. \"The government wants housing to be affordable and everyone should get a house. Then why this injustice?'' he added.Parth Sejpal of Fine Spaces said, \"Instead of providing a soothing hand, the government is making the property market bad. One complains that developers have hiked property prices, but did anyone complain when the government hiked construction costs? Sand prices increased by almost 600% and steel by 100%. Out-ofpocket expenses for approvals from government authorities have also gone up substantially.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur ", "code": "11344709", "title": "Govt revokes suspension of 64 doctors", "text": "JAIPUR : The state government on Monday revoked the suspension of 64 doctors, against whom action were taken during the 11-day long doctors' strike.These doctors remained in jail for 48 hours after they were arrested for violation of Rajasthan Essential Services Maintenance Act ( RESMA) during their protest.The decision to revoke the suspension was taken at a meeting of a committee comprising health minister AA Khan, power minister Dr Jitendra Singh, industry minister Rajendra Pareek, minister of state for home Virendra Beniwal, besides senior officials.However, the committee is yet to take any decision on the 12 doctors including two chief medical and health officers and 10 principal medical officers, who were dismissed from the service. Also, no decision was taken on the 377 doctors who were directed to join their original postings from deputation.Among the suspended doctors were All Rajasthan In-Service Doctors Association president GD Maheshwari and general secretary Nasrin Bharti. \"We want the state government to maintain the status prior to December 20,\" Maheshwari said. The in-service doctors thanked the government for the decision taken in their favour.If the government agrees to maintain the status prior to December 20, then all the suspensions, dismissals and transfer orders would stand cancelled. However, a government official said there is a set process for reinstating a dismissed official from service. Also, the medical, health and family welfare department has to give its no objection on reinstating the dismissed doctors.On Monday, more than 3,300 patients came to SMS hospital's OPD ward and more than 2,000 were admitted to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346589", "title": "Curbs on 'spirited' driving on campus", "text": "HYDERABAD: The police's anti-drunken driving campaign could soon cut into the monthly budgets of city students. The five university campuses located in the city that house over 2,500 students each have now been instructed by the traffic police of both Hyderabad and Cyberabad to penalize and report students who are caught drunk even on campus roads as part of the major drive against drunken driving.If caught inebriated, the students could be charged a fine of Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,500 and cases will be booked under section 185 of Motor Vehicle Act against them by police. Under the Act, the magistrate has the authority to suspend the drivers license, besides imposing a fine. Students have predictably opposed the move saying such checks have no place on campus and that they should be limited to city roads.According to officials from city universities, three to eight check posts manned by varsity's security guards will be set up within the next one month. Currently, Osmania University is the only campus that has employed up to 50 security guards to conduct checks within the campus, following the orders from traffic police. University vice chancellor, S Satyanarayana said the security guards of the university are even patrolling the campus to check drunken driving. The check posts cannot be manned by traffic police officials directly as there is a Supreme Court order which prevents entry of police into varsity campuses in the country, university officials said.The sudden involvement of campuses in the traffic police's anti-drunken driving campaign has come about with police officials shooting letters to the heads of five universities including Osmania University, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, University of Hyderabad, English and Foreign Languages University and Maulana Azad National Urdu University to put up check points on campuses to report students who drink and drive on campus roads. All these universities have campuses which have wide roads where even vehicle racing can take place. Campuses like JNTU and OU are even connected to some of the busiest roads in the city like Kukatpally cross roads and Tarnaka crossroads.However, students are miffed. Manavatha Rai, student leader at OU, said that the drive would impose a lot of restrictions on students. \"It is a student campus and we should be allowed to do what we want to. We are not going out on the roads,\" Rai said.Police officials said that this is not the first time that they have taken up an initiative to create awareness about drunken driving accidents among the student community. The traffic police had already conducted an accident awareness drive in city colleges only last month, where a section was dedicated specifically to drunken driving deaths. The deputy commissioners of police of both Hyderabad and Cyberabad regions had visited the colleges to sensitise students. \"In two of the major colleges in the city including CBIT and Pulla Reddy college we had spoken about the penalty and risks involved in drunken driving,\" said C V Anand, additional commissioner of police, traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346368", "title": "T-JAC to target economic activities of anti-T forces", "text": "HYDERABAD: As part of renewed efforts to intensify the struggle for a separate state, the Telangana political joint action committee (T-JAC) plans to mobilise public support towards the boycott of goods and services offered by anti-Telangana businessmen and politicians.Although the issue has been repeatedly discussed over the past two years, T-JAC feels that the time is ripe for mobilising public support against anti-Telangana forces.The T-JAC has already asked its district and mandal level committees to secure before its crucial steering committee meeting, scheduled after Sankranti, a list of products and services offered by individuals and institutions working against the movement.Some of the goods and services identified include TV news channels and newspapers and movies either owned or promoted by anti-Telangana actors, directors, financiers and politicians.Another major sector identified by T-JAC is real estate wherein Telangana people would be asked to stop buying plots, layouts and apartments offered by Seemandhra realtors and developers.The people have been asked to stop using milk and sweetmeats sold by Seemandhra businessmen and boycott supermarkets, restaurants, tiffin centres and liquor outlets promoted by anti-Telangana politicians.People would also be urged to stop sending their children to schools and colleges promoted by Seemandhra education entrepreneurs. T-JAC chairman M Kodandaram Reddy Monday said: \"The Telangana agitation is not against Seemandhra people but only against those who have exploited the resources in the region and are working against the movement. Nothing has been finalised yet.\"It is still at the proposal stage. There are several other suggestions. We will keep everyone posted about the developments.\" A T-JAC leader familiar with the development, said: \"We will be borrowing Mahatma Gandhi's success mantra that brought pressure on the British with a boycott of their goods during freedom struggle.\"The T-JAC would like to emulate this example in the Telangana region and exert pressure on non-Telangana leaders to come out in open support of our demand for statehood.\"Sources in T-JAC said that among other issues that would figure prominently at the steering committee meeting would be the question as to when to kick-start the \"Quit Telangana movement\" that targets all forces (politicians, businesspersons, realtors, traders, entrepreneurs) who have been acting to dilute the movement.They said all 28 affiliates have been asked to put forth their proposals for the strengthening of the movement during the meeting.We will be borrowing Mahatma Gandhi's success mantra that brought pressure on the British with a boycott of their goods during freedom struggle. The T-JAC would like to emulate this example in the Telangana region and exert pressure on non-Telangana leaders to come out in open support of our demand for statehood", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11346302", "title": "Wife and mother-in-law beat drunkard to death", "text": "BANGALORE: New Year celebrations proved costly for this 37-year-old tailor when his wife and her mother allegedly beat him to death in their house in Garvebavipalya , Madiwala, late Sunday night.The victim Raju alias Rajappa got into a heated argument with his wife Nandini after she refused to lend him money for a drink. \"Rajappa had partied on Saturday night and again demanded money to buy more liquor. Nandini refused and an argument ensued between the couple,\" police said.When Nandini's mother Sharadamma intervened and tried to pacify the couple, Rajappa started beating Nandini. Sharadamma took a wooden log and attacked her son-in-law , police said. Nandini also joined her mother and one blow on Rajappa's head proved fatal.YOUNG WOMAN ENDS LIFEDepressed that 'someone special' did not greet her for the New Year, a 25-year-old private firm employee committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her house in IISc campus on Sunday night.A fourpage death note left behind by Shashi Rekha said that she was taking the extreme step because \"someone special who wished her every year failed to wish her on this New Year\" . Rekha had planned her last act as she waited for her two brothers to leave home at around 8pm. Her mother, an IISc employee, had gone to her hometown. Rekha used a veil to hanged herself from the ceiling.When the brothers returned home around 10pm, they found the body. They informed the police and the body was moved to the hospital.Sadashivanagar police said a year ago, Rekha had lodged a complaint with Yeshwantpur police against a man for allegedly cheating her. She later withdrew the complaint, they pointed out.ARMY IMPOSTER NABBEDA man who posed as an Army officer to gain entry into the HAL premises last Friday was sent to the custody of the Old Airport police. Samir Shamsher Rana, 40, was wearing an Army uniform and claimed to be a lieutenant colonel from Ajmer.\"Security guards found a fake identity card. HAL security officers kept him in their custody and contacted the Army headquarters which denied there was any lieutenant colonel by that name,\" a police officer said.HAL authorities handed Rana over to the Old Airport police on Saturday. Police said questioning of Rana yielded nothing. \"We suspect he's a fake. We produced him before the Mayo Hall court, which granted us his custody. We'll question him thoroughly and find his original name and personal details,\" a police officer said.A senior intelligence officer said: \"He sneaked in knowing fully well he'd be caught. No antinational element will have the courage to sneak into a high security institution which is part of the armed forces. But nothing can be ruled out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344420", "title": "Tehsildars call off strike after Rao's assurance", "text": "NAGPUR: Tehsildars and naib tehsildars of Nagpur division called off their proposed indefinite hunger strike after district collector Saurabh Rao assured them that he would apprise the state government of their demands.The revenue officers under the banner of Vibhagiya Tehsildar va Naib Tehsildar Sanghatana had announced that they would go on strike from Monday over various demands. A delegation then went to meet divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy.However, as Reddy was out of station it met Rao instead. After getting a written assurance from Rao, the agitators called off their strike.Manohar Pote and Dilip Fulsunge of the Sangathana said that there were a lot of vacant posts of tehsildars due to which they were overburdened. \"Seven posts of tehsildars are vacant in Chandrapur district, three in Gondia, two in Bhandara and one in Gadchiroli district. Another grievance is that we have not been sanctioned travel bills since months. As a result we have to fill diesel in the official jeeps from our own pockets,\" Pote said.Fulsunge said that while some tehsildars had been given government vehicles others had to move around in motorcycles. \"This is unjust and the discrepancy should be immediately done away with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11344844", "title": "No one is absolved: Home official", "text": "BANGALORE: Home department principal secretary S M Jaamdar on Monday claimed that DCP (Intelligence) VS D'Souza's enquiry regarding the police officers named in the Lokayukta report on illegal mining was, in fact, a preliminary investigation to frame articles of charges against them.\"The home department has not absolved the 191 police officers named in the Lokayukta report. D'Souza's report is only a fact-finding one to find out the witnesses and documents against each offender. D'Souza has examined each person named in the report,\" he further claimed.\"The government may also ignore some of the recommendations made by him. We have not given any clean chit to the officers yet as the report has to be processed by the chief secretary, the home ministry and also go before the cabinet,\" the bureaucrat explained.\"The police officers named in the Lokayukta report are those which Justice Santosh N Hegde borrowed from the Income Tax department, which in turn took them from a pen drive seized from the office of one Karapudi Mahesh, a confidante of former minister G Janardhana Reddy ,'' Jaamdar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346655", "title": "EC seeks info on registration cards of vehicles with Congress slogan", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Election Commission has sought an explanation from the state government on issuing of registration cards of vehicles with a slogan of the ruling party printed on these.TOI had highlighted how the ruling party was promoting itself by printing its slogan at the back of the card, when the scheme of registration cards was launched in November.On Monday, the matter was taken up by the election commission after a local daily printed the story. \"I had written to the chief secretary before the election that the ruling party's slogan should not be there on any government document. I have sought an explanation,\" said chief electoral officer Kusumjit Sidhu.The election commission had sought an explanation from the Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee as to who were they referring to as \"kaka\" in their advertisements. TNN\"In its reply the party has explained that it is referring to a rich young boy. We are looking into the complaint and are yet to take a decision,\" said G Singh, deputy electoral officer.Sidhu said that static surveillance teams have seized unaccounted money amounting to Rs 12 crore till date out of which Rs 5.50 crore has been returned after detailed verification.She said that orders had been issued asking people to deposit their weapons to ensure peaceful elections in the state, following which 1,13,753 arms were deposited. She added 16 unlicenced arms and 58 cartridges have been seized. She added that 6,892 non-bailable warrants have been executed and 47 FIRs have been registered till date against violators of model code of conduct.Referring to the guidelines of the ECI to appoint micro observers in distilleries in Punjab, Sidhu said that they have been appointed, while adding that the distilleries were under constant watch and even routine movements were being videographed. She said that 13,500 ml liquor, 3,234 bottles of liquor, 1.5 tonne of poppy husk, 1 kg opium and 24 bottles of Recodex have been seized from different places during random checking.Usha R Sharma, special CEO said that the CEO has received 453 complaints of violation of code of conduct so far, of which 153 have been resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344262", "title": "Duo nabbed while duping youth of Rs 2,500", "text": "MUMBAI: Deploying their personnel to patrol outside banks on the first working day of the new year paid off for the Kasturba Marg police, as two conmen were caught cheating a customer of his deposit on Monday.The accused, Pawan Tiwari (24) and Arjun Dubey (20), were conning bank customers by using bunches of newspaper cut in the shape of currency notes.\"Tiwari and Dubey are residents of Nalasopara. They have been using the same trick to con people in rural Thane, where they have a record,\" said senior inspector Rajendra Thakur. On Monday morning, the duo was attempting to dupe an engineering student, Sherry Awasthi, outside Punjab National Bank in Borivli (E).Awasthi, who is from Ranchi, had gone to the bank to deposit Rs 2,500 in cash. \"Tiwari befriended Awasthi outside the bank. He claimed that Dubey - who was waiting some distance away, had stolen Rs 1.5 lakh from Pune. Tiwari added that they could scare Dubey by threatening to expose him and split his loot between them,\" a police officer said.Tiwari then coaxed Awasthi to give Dubey a few thousand rupees so he could return home. Awasthi gave Dubey the Rs 2,500 he was to deposit. Dubey handed over a partially wrapped bundle to Awasthi. A Rs 500-note was visible on top. When Awasthi opened the bundle, he found only one Rs 500 note, while the rest were newspapers cut in the shape of notes.Awasthi raised the alarm and patrolling policemen managed to nab the duo before they could get away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11346282", "title": "MCMC engineer files petition in HC", "text": "MADURAI: A junior engineer of the Madurai City Municipal Corporation (MCMC) has termed as illegal an order of the commissioner promoting 11 other junior engineers, and has filed a petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras High Court, challenging the same.Justice T Raja, before whom the matter came for hearing, has ordered notice to the authorities including the commissioner of Madurai Corporation.The petitioner S Sharbutheen, a junior engineer in the corporation alleged that due to the illegal promotion of 11 junior engineers on a temporary basis, employees in his rank are burdened with additional duty.The petitioner said, \"There were 72 wards in the city corporation, which has now been increased to 100. There are 27 sanctioned assistant engineer (AE) posts and nine junior engineers' (JE) posts in the corporation. Hence, two wards were assigned to each AE/JE and the allocation of work constituted equal distribution of work among them in the ratio of two wards per AE/JE.\"The petitioner further contended, \"The corporation has five sanctioned posts of assistant executive engineers ( AEE) all of which have been filled up. In addition to the sanctioned posts, about 11 persons also have been promoted as AEEs (in-charge) on a temporary basis. In fact, they have been working in the post of AEEs on a temporary basis for more than six consecutive months. Some of the temporary promotees also have been working in the said post for about three years.\"He contended that contrary to the Tamil Nadu Municipal Corporations Service Rules 1996, they have been allowed to continue in the post of AEEs on a temporary basis for more than three months which is illegal and hence the impugned order of the city corporation commissioner is liable to be set aside.He further pointed out that the city corporation commissioner has not prepared a panel of eligible persons for promotion to the posts which had resulted in maladministration and arbitrariness and denial of rights of eligible candidates for promotion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346657", "title": "Autos in short supply at Chennai Central railway station", "text": "CHENNAI: Passengers arriving at the Chennai Central railway station have a tough time finding autorickshaws as the prepaid autorickshaw counter has been taken over by Chennai Metro Rail for construction purposes.Due to the shortage, the Chennai Central Railway Station Auto Drivers and Commuters Welfare Society has been forced to coax auto drivers passing by to enter the stand and pick up passengers.\"Only 30 autorickshaws attached to the prepaid counter parking are operating as of now since the metro rail has acquired the parking area for construction . It is time the police and railway authorities gave us an alternative parking slot as our livelihood too has been affected due to lack of parking,\" said G Arumugam, president of the society.On Monday morning passengers had to wait for nearly 45 minutes to get an autorickshaw. The situation continued till late in the night. \"We have travelled for 14 hours and want to get home. But I have been standing here with my wife and three children for nearly an hour. It is time the authorities addressed the plight of passengers,\" said M Hakim, a passenger.Sunil Kumar said the issue would be sorted out after consulting with railway authorities to ensure that an alternative parking slot was provided.\"We have done our best to ensure there was no delay in passengers reaching their destinations on Monday though there was a delay due to shortage of autorickshaws . If the authorities do not intervene on Tuesday and make alternative arrangemenzts, I am afraid the situation could worsen\" said Arumugam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11346969", "title": "Unshackle land, go for high density", "text": "NEW DELHI: Should Delhi go vertical? Town planners believe it is a wrong question to begin with. The question we should ask is how best we can house our people and manage population densities within the city, says author and urban studies expert Gautam Bhan, who is currently pursuing a PhD in urban planning at University of California , Berkeley.While talk of Delhi going vertical - an idea mooted by urban development minister Kamal Nath - conjures up images of gigantic highrises painted across the Delhi skyline, experts in urban design say the best way to solve Delhi's housing woes lies in high-density low-rises . \"When we think of Delhi going vertical, why are we thinking of going from three floors to 45 floors? Why don't we think, instead, of going from three to five floors?'' asks Bhan. He believes that the debate about Delhi going vertical has more to do with the image of the city as a worldclass metro like Manhattan and not about filling the gap in Delhi's housing market.While Manhattan may have ten times the density that Delhi does, New York , unlike Delhi, has the infrastructure to support high-rises, says AGK Menon, convener, Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Delhi Chapter).\"Before thinking of going vertical, it's important to look at the carrying capacity of the land. How can we build 200 units per acre when our infrastructure is inadequate, power supply is erratic and water is insufficient ? If you have a building with 200 units filled with people, when they all head out of the house and get into their cars, do we have the roads to support them? If these 200 units were more evenly distributed, wouldn't it be easier for people to access land?'' asks Menon, adding that building a city was not simply about cramming people into spaces, but providing people with a good quality of life.\"It is extremely risky to build skyscrapers in Delhi, which falls in a seismic zone. High-rises will need more reinforcements to make them e a r t h q u a ke - proof, which will, in turn, guzzle more energy,'' says KT Ravindran, prominent architect and former president of the Institute of Urban Designers India. A great deal of energy is used while building such structures and hauling people up to great heights.While cities like Singapore , Hong Kong and Mumbai have been cited as examples for why Delhi should go vertical, Aromar Revi, director of the Indian Institute for Human Settlement, says that, unlike Delhi, these are island cities with a paucity of space. \"Delhi, on the other hand, has a large amount of space. DDA is holding on to a lot of land which has not been developed, resulting in an artificial scarcity of houses,'' says Revi. This has led to the development of highrises on the periphery, in places like Gurgaon, Ghaziabad and Faridabad while Lutyens' Delhi continues to have hyper-low densities, he adds.Recent data shows that Delhi has seen a greater influx of migrants over the past 10 years when compared with any other state in India, proof that there is a need for affordable homes in the city. \"But highrises will not result in more houses for the poor. Poor people don't need a flat but a piece of land where they have access to a livelihood,'' says Dr Rajendra Ravi, director, Institute for Democracy and Sustainability.Both Menon and Ravindran say that high-rises are unsuitable for low-income housing. For starters, Ravindran says that it is very difficult for those with low incomes to pool together money to maintain the lift and lobby area in a high-rise .\"Mumbai, for instance, has ninestorey Slum Rehabilitation Authority houses, where the lift often stops working after a few months, with the result that elderly folk living on the higher floors never step out of their homes,'' says Bhan.Mumbai-based architect and urban researcher Neera Adarkar says that two identical high-rise apartments, one for the rich and one for the poor, will have very different densities within the building. \"In case of the affluent, only one family of four to five people will live in 1000 sq ft, whereas with lower incomes, there would be four tenements in the same place, with 20 people occupying the same area. This puts a lot of pressure on the infrastructure, such as the lifts. The issue is not simply about going vertical but about whether there is enough horizontal space on the land as well as on each floor so that people have a good quality of life and children have place to play,'' she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345298", "title": "No external control over media, says PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Manmohan Singh on Tuesday advocated self-regulation by the media while speaking out against any move to impose external controls over it. This clarification by the PM would put to end the recent talk about the media being \"irresponsible\" and the need to regulate it.Speaking at a function to release a commemorative postage stamp in the memory of 'Dainik Jagaran' founder, the late Puran Chandra Gupta, Singh said: \"In my opinion, there is a general consensus in our country that no outside control should be imposed over the media. But I am also of the view that the representatives of media should among themselves find a way by which objectivity and impartiality gets encouragement.\"The PM was confident that the media can itself take care of \"ills\" like paid news. \"Ever since we have got independence, discussions have been going on in the country about the role of the media and the manner in which it functions... I'm confident that Indian media will itself take steps to wipe out the ills like paid news and will be successful in it,\" he said.Singh was happy that the media was \"by and large independent and alive.\" At the same time, he said the media should pay attention on how to increase the coverage of those issues that are \"really important\" for the country. He noted that it is good for India's democracy that the reach of both TV and print media has increased substantially with the introduction of new technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11344278", "title": "Broker, 3 others held for bogus land dealings", "text": "AKOLA: The Kotwali police, late on Sunday night, arrested a land broker and two persons for selling one agricultural land to two different persons.Gajanan Misurkar, Devendra Lahriya and broker Dinkar Suradkar were booked under sections 420, 468, 471 read with section 34 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) and were arrested last night on the basis of complaint filed by traders Ramesh and Dilip Bhagat.Ramesh and his brother Dilip had bought two hectares and two ares of agricultural land in Taplabad on Dabki Road near here bearing field survey no. 7/1 from Mahadeo Misurkar.However, of the land already sold to Bhagat brothers, Mahadeo Misurkar's son Gajanan sold one hectare 22 ares agriculture land costing Rs one crore to Devendra Lahriya and Dinkar Suradkar using bogus documents.In another incident, the land fraud case was unearthed when investigations revealed that land mafias and brokers sold land stretch reserved by government for official purpose on Kharap Road.The sub divisional officer in the past allotted land bearing survey nos. 60, 61, 62 sheet no. 74A and 74B for residential use to Punjabi Kalaskar. However, Kalaskar never got the possession of the said land and an offence was registered at Ramdaspeth police station. The map of the said land was sanctioned on May 26, 1994. Part of the stretch was reserved for schools and dispensaries.However, 4032 sq. meter of land was shown open. When it was noticed that reserved land was marked sold for Rs 24.71 lakh in October 1997, reservation was cancelled. Shockingly, the same land stretch was again sold just a week after. Houses were also built.Sources insist that transactions could not have been inked without active support from officials and employees at sub registrar office.Interestingly, the sale deeds of the land stretches were registered 20 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345660", "title": "Boy barred from watching crime shows hangs self", "text": "KOLKATA: A class IV student hooked on crime shows but barred from watching them by his father committed suicide on Monday, the second incident in a week in the city of a child making a fatal move under the influence of television.Rgent Park resident Rabi Pramanik had become increasingly sensitive to 12-year-old son Rahul's viewing habits after reading about Arnali Thakurta, the 12-year-old girl who accidentally hung herself on December 26 while trying to mimic a suicide scene in a TV crime show. Worried that his son, too, could be influenced by the crime shows he was addicted to, he warned Rahul against watching such shows.But on Monday morning, as he was leaving for work, he found Rahul glued to the TV, watching his favourite crime series. An angry Pramanik, who works in a factory, admonished his son and switched off the TV. The boy left the room in a sulk and stayed confined in his room, expecting his mother to have pity. This continued till lunch, but the TV remained off bounds for Rahul.The boy was discovered hanging in his room in the afternoon. \"Around 4pm, Rahul's younger brother called out to his mother, who was busy with household chores outside. She went in to find him hanging from the top-most portion of a window in his room with one of her saris, a police officer said. \"He was rushed to hospital, where he was declared brought dead. Though no suicide note was found, it seems the child hanged himself intentionally as he was very unhappy with his parents.\"Rahul was a student of Niranjan Pally Primary School and lived with his parents and nine-year-old brother Sourav at Vivekananda Park in the Regent Park area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11349018", "title": "Schools, colleges declared 'silence zones' in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: In an attempt to make hospitals, educational institutions, premises of courts and religious places free of noise pollution, the Haryana government has banned blowing of horns and bursting of fire crackers within 100 metres radius of these places.According to an official spokesperson, these places have been declared as silence zones. \"As per noise pollution (regulation and control) rules-2010, nobody can use any kind of horn in the silence zone.Bursting of crackers is also banned in silence zones during night and the equipments creating any kind of sound won't be allowed in the silence zone and residential areas during night\", he added.The environment department had also determined the sound limits to curb the menace of noise pollution. \"In the industrial area, 75 decibel has been determined during daytime and 70 decibel during night while in commercial area, it had been determined 65 decibel during day and 55 decibel during night. Similarly, in residential area, it has been determined 55 decibel during daytime and 45 decibel during night\".In the silence zones, the quantity of decibel had been determined 50 during daytime and 40 during night.The spokesman said that district administration could allow the use of speaker and mike system from 10pm to 12pm for 15 days in a calendar year on the occasion of cultural and religious festivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348594", "title": "I\u2019ll do only two Tamil films a year: Hansika", "text": "Hansika is just back from a shooting schedule in Dubai and JordanThree films old in Kollywood and Hansika says she is getting better with every film in reply to critics saying most of her films did not fare well at the BO. \"When I look back, 2011 has had a significant start for me. Though my debut in Tamil (Mappillai) did not have me doing much, Engeyum Kadhal, despite being an average grosser, did have a role of significance. As I'm 19, playing the character of Lolita was an experience of a lifetime. And, 2012 has already begun on a good note for me as I was felicitated with an award on the second day of the year itself.\"The actress has just completed work on two songs for OKOK that were shot abroad. \"We had a ten-day schedule abroad for two songs. We spent six days in Jordan and four days in Dubai. Shooting in the locales of Jordan was quite an adventure!\"Meanwhile, the actress has started to shoot her portions for Vettai Mannan, her film with Simbu in which she plays 'a gangster girl'. \"The reason I signed Vettai Mannan was because I've been given a good character. My choice of films depends solely on the significance of my role in it,\" she justifies, adding that many of her shots were single takes. \"As far as Kollywood is concerned, I've numerous scripts on hand and will sign two of them shortly,\" she says, \"I'll do only two Tamil films a year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11346498", "title": "Pay 10L ex gratia to hooch victims' families: Naidu", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Expressing shock over hooch deaths, opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu has demanded the state government to pay Rs 10 lakh ex-gratia to the families of the victims.He termed the deaths as 'state-sponsored killings' as the victims were all poor tribals of spurious liquor, which exposed the government's failure in cracking the whip on the brewers and suppliers. Speaking to reporters after visiting the affected thandas in Mylavaram constituency on Monday, Naidu said the government has become insensitive as some of the cabinet ministers have direct links in the liquor business.\"The state Congress chief himself has admitted that his family has stakes in liquor business in his home district. Not only the PCC president, several ministers and legislators have a big role in this racket,\" he said. Naidu dared the chief minister to make the recent ACB raids report public and take action against all those involved in the collection of mamools from liquor lobby. He announced Rs 50,000 ex-gratia to each of the families of the hooch victims and demanded the state government to immediately revise the ex-gratia amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346438", "title": "Mayor, deputy mayor elections today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The stage is set for the election of mayor and deputy mayor of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on Tuesday. The two top posts fell vacant after Banda Karthika Reddy and Jaffer Hussain resigned as mayor and deputy mayor respectively a couple of weeks ago.The election would be held at the council hall of the GHMC headquarters at 11 am.First, the mayor's election would be held which would be followed by the polls for the deputy mayor.In the voice-vote election, 216 voters, including 150 elected corporators and 66 ex-officio members like MLAs, MLCs and MPs in the Greater Hyderabad, would exercise their franchise. Of the total voters, Congress has 93 members, including 52 elected corporators, MIM has 53 along with 43 elected corporators and Telugu Desam Party has the strength of 50, including 45 corporators.The State Election Commission (SEC) has appointed Neerabh Kumar Prasad, managing director of AP Housing Corporation, as the election observer and Hyderabad district collector Natarajan Gulzar would preside over the special meeting and conduct the election.The Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) and Congress, which have an alliance, would announce the name of their candidates for mayor and deputy mayor posts a few hours before the election. As part of the agreement, the mayor post would go to the MIM and deputy mayor to the Congress.The MIM is reportedly considering the names of former mayor and Hussaini Alam corporator Zulfeqar Ali, former deputy mayor Jaffer Hussain and a few others like Mohsin Balala, corporator from Pathergatti, for the mayor post.The MIM candidate would be in the top post for the next two years as per the agreement between the Congress and MIM. The last one year of the five-year term would again go to the Congress candidate.Meanwhile, the Congress has reportedly decided to give the deputy mayor post to a backward class corporator from peripheral areas of the city.The Congress is reportedly considering the names of Hafeezpet corporator V Jagadishwar Goud, Kukatpally corporator G Vengal Rao and Old Bowenpally corporator and PRP lone corporator M Narsimha Yadav. If the party wants to consider other persons, Golnaka corporator and GHMC floor leader Kaleru Venkatesh and others are in the race.Party sources said AIMIM has reportedly asked its corporators to be present at Darusalam party office by 8 am on Tuesday where the party leadership would announce the mayoral candidate and issue whip. The Congress would also officially announce the deputy mayor candidate's name on Tuesday morning.Party sources said Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) president Botsa Satyanarayana constituted a two-member committee with former minister K Satyanarayana Raju and MLC K Janardhan Reddy to consult all the corporators and MLAs to arrive at a consensus on deputy mayor candidate.Sources said though the deputy mayor's nominee would be formalized on Monday night, it would be disclosed only on Tuesday morning. Meanwhile, the Congress would also issue whip to all its corporators on Tuesday morning to be present at the special meeting.Of the total voters, Congress has 93 members, including 52 elected corporators, MIM has 53 along with 43 elected corporators and Telugu Desam Party has the strength of 50, including 45 corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11345405", "title": "Sumit Bhuttan charged under Section 304B", "text": "GURGAON: After a long trial and several flip-flops, an additional sessions judge court has framed dowry death charges against accused Sumit Bhuttan for the murder of his wife Ruchi under Section 304B of Indian Penal Code.Confirming this, Ruchi's family lawyer, Vandana Oberoi, said that this came as a ray of hope for the victim's family. Earlier, the high-profile case was transferred to government railway police (GRP), Ambala, for investigation after the victim's family had alleged that the city police were trying to save the accused.Subsequently, the GRP had submitted a chargesheet naming Sumit as the key accused in the case. However, this chargesheet had left out the names of the other accused. In the court, the GRP had submitted that the agency would be filing a separate chargesheet against others soon. Last year, Gurgaon police were criticized for not filing charges against Sumit Bhuttan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11344073", "title": "Mausoleum of Gond King in Chanda lies in ruins", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The mausoleum of Gond King Veershah, the most precious monument in Chandrapur and only one of its kind in country, lies discarded and ruined reeling under utter neglect of archaeological department. While the plaster on the walls of the historic monument is crumbling, the carvings and art work is being spoiled by drunkards and lovebirds.Thanks to lack of caretaking the beauty and splendor of the monument has receded over the years. A visit to the monument revealed its pathetic condition.Covered by strong fort wall from all sides, it attracts people seeking solitude. Lovebirds seeking seclusion could be seen in the corners of the tomb. Many have scratched their names on the memorial, without actually knowing its historic and cultural value. Hoodlum and drunkards too are fond of this secluded place. They are often found enjoying siesta, playing cards or indulging in betting.The artistic mesh, carvings and illustration in the mausoleum have been damaged. Wall all around the memorial has been ruined. The plaster and carving inside the majestic dome and on the walls are crumbling.Archaeological Survey of India has installed board declaring it as a protected monument. The sub-circle office of ASI is located on the same premises but no repair work has been done since ASI took over the charge.There is only one caretaker - Ashok Maski - at ASI sub-circle office who shoulders the responsibility of monuments of three districts. Expressing his helplessness, Maski said, \"I have no powers to take action on intruders and police and district administration don't pay any heed to my complaints.\"Ashoksingh Takhur, local chapter convener of Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), too lamented the pathetic condition of Veershah's mausoleum. He claimed that their organization had given several applications to repair the damaged parts but to no avail.\"The district administration, Chandrapur Municipal Corporation, state archaeological department and ASI have become lethargic towards the historical monument,\" lamented Thakur.About the mausoleumThe majestic monument of love was built by Gond Queen Rani Hirai in memory of her beloved husband way back in early 17th century. Queen Hirai ascended to the throne after her husband King Veershah, as Gond dynasty at that time had no male heir. She ruled for next 15 years - from 1704 to 1719 - and during this period she built the monument. It is the only mausoleum built by a queen in memory of her husband. The tomb has one other unique identity. It is the biggest mausoleum of a king in Maharashtra. The mausoleum is situated in an isolated corner of Chanda fort in graveyard of Gond dynasty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345468", "title": "First results published by Presidency University", "text": "KOLKATA: Presidency University turned a new leaf on Monday with the publication of the first semester results. This is the first publication of results since Presidency turned into a varsity.The day also saw the chairman of Presidency University mentor group, Sugato Bose in a meeting with chief minister Mamata Banerjee . After the meeting, Bose said: \"We discussed the priority areas which need immediate attention. The faculty recruitment and academic infrastructure development tops the list. The chief minister, in due course, will announce her plans for Presidency University.\"\"In the first report which was submitted to the chief minister, we had mentioned both the long-term goals and priority areas. We will submit a second report in late January,\" added Bose.Sources confirmed that the chief minister has taken into account the urgency to grant 'centre for excellence' status to the varsity before advertisements to recruit faculty gets published in mid-January.\"We had a fruitful discussion. Chief minister in due course of time will announce her plans for Presidency University. We discussed the priority areas which need immediate attention. The faculty recruitment and academic infrastructure development tops the list,\" said Bose after emerging from the meeting.He added, \"in the first report which was submitted to the CM, we had mentioned both the long term goals and priority areas. We will submit a second repot in late January and if necessary give more suggestions.\"Presidency University also turned a new leaf on Monday when the results of first semester were published. It was the first time when results were published after Presidency turned into a varsity.Under the new varsity, majority students fared well with very few backlogs. \"Out of the 266 Science faculty students who appeared for the exams, only 26 students have a backpaper. In Arts faculty, 16 out of the 202 students who took the exams are having backpapers,\" said controller of examinations Pradip Sengupta.He added that students could clear the backpaper during their third semester.The students have been been evaluated only on grades and the pass aggregate has increased from 38% to 40%.\"The first semester programme had begun on August 7 and have concluded on November 21. The examinations were held between November 27 and December 13,\" Sengupta said.Vice chancellor Malabika Sarkar said, \"one of the significant achievement of students who have taken the examinations this year is that not only have they scored excellent marks in honours subjects but in the pass papers too. This shows that there was consistency in performance.This year the minimum pass aggregate has been increased from 38% to 40%.The university has also launched a website -presi.uni.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346809", "title": "\u2018Mandate against the Congress\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While talking to TOI, newly elected councillor from ward number 9 and party general secretary Arun Sood said, \"This is clear that the mandate was completely against the Congress in these MC polls. We, the BJP-SAD, won 12 seat while Congress won 11. Besides, all Congress bigwigs lost their seat. These factors clearly show that public gave the mandate to us, but by taking the help of governor office, Congress managed to get all the three seats.\" He further alleged that the governor office was misused to help Congress party win.Former mayor Harjinder Kaur said, \"The house and its every member must rise above the party politics and work to strengthen democracy.\" Congress president B B Behl said, \"BJP doesn't have anything to offer except allegations. They first levelled allegations against Congress, then governor house and then the CBI.\"Close relatives of at least two Congressmen have been nominated. Dr Amrit Tewari is the mother of Congress MP from Ludhiana Manish Tewari and Dr Shagufta Parveen is the daughter-in-law of former vice-president of Chandigarh Territorial Congress, Khaleel Ahmed.Not just this, the gap of nearly 48 hours between the announcement of MC poll results and declaration of the names of nine nominated councillors has also raised many eyebrows. During MC polls in 2006, the names were announced before the declaration of results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11344710", "title": "Focus on disposing of cases, says CJ", "text": "BANGALORE: Judicial officers must not waste their time and energy on needless observance of punctilio (strictness in formalities). That's the stern message of Justice Vikramajt Sen, Chief Justice of the Karnataka High Court who held his first sitting in this post.\"On a recent visit to a district outside Bangalore, I was dismayed to find senior judicial officers waiting along the way just to show their respect and as a matter of protocol. This is destructive of the dignity and self-respect of judges and more significantly, their image in the minds of the public. Judicial Officers must not waste their time and energy on needless observance of punctilio. They should adhere to the advice of the Supreme Court,\" Justice Sen observed during his reply to the welcome address of the Karnataka State Bar Council president AA Magadum.\"The gravest challenge to us an institution is the dispensation of timely justice .The litigant is not able to get justice expeditiously. Even the CJI expressed deep concern on this malaise. He formulated a strategy wherein cases pending for more than five years should be decided on a preferential basis. The bar should cooperate on this,\" he added.Dravid's mantraHe also quoted from Rahul Dravid's now-celebrated Sir Donald Bradman Oration in Australia saying that his comments are relevant to all of us with regard to the essential qualities of life, dignity, integrity, courage and modesty.\"We're all talking about mounting arrears and low rate of disposal. Several bar associations in the state, including district and taluk, requested me to visit them to lay foundation stones and similar functions. It's my belief that all my energies should be devoted for timely and expeditious disposal of cases,\" he saidThe Chief Justice promised to take steps to provide lawyers' chambers near the precincts of the high court as well as the city civil court. He also sought the cooperation of the advocate fraternity with regard to security measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345549", "title": "'Govt should've boosted public healthcare'", "text": "KOLKATA: The system of healthcare delivery in India has moved prematurely into a reliance on the private sector, said Nobel laureate Amartya Sen. Even though China's example is often cited to justify it, the fact that it is far more committed than India is overlooked, said Sen while delivering the second Cancer Foundation of India lecture at the National Library on Monday.\"While China spend 2.3% of its GDP on health, it is just 1.4% in India. We have reposed faith on private healthcare without developing a rock-solid base of public healthcare which was necessary. All developing countries from Brazil to Malayasia have done that and reaped its benefits. India should have taken a leaf out of their book,\" said Sen.Life expectancy in India has been \"unnecessarily low\", argued Sen. Neglect of public healthcare was squarely responsible for this, he said. \"It has now gone up to 64 but it could have been even higher had we developed a stronger healthcare system, stressing on the importance of awareness and education,\" he said. Speaking on India's fight against cancer, the Bharat Ratna said it was an important affliction in India, though it's often believed that with a relatively younger population, it was not a big enough threat for the country. \"Cancer does hit the young. I will take the liberty of citing my own instance. I was just 18 when I had oral carcinoma. Initially, I had diagnosed it myself and then sought medical advise. It took all my youthful energy to persuade doctors to get myself examined. I was too young to have the disease, they said. In fact, a specialist even told me that I was perfectly fine. I went on to badger another doctor who eventually treated me,\" Sen recalled.With rising life expectancy, incidences of cancer will shoot up in India, Sen warned. \"There are widespread conditions conducive to the spread of the disease. Smoking and tobacco chewing are responsible for 40% of cancer deaths between 30 and 69 years. Overall, six per cent of the population succumbs to cancer in India. While smoking habit is on the wane in USA, in China and India it's still going up. Unless it can be curbed, cancer would be the leading cause of death in India. The medical cost of treatment and the subsidy provided by the state in creating infrastructure for cancer treatment and training of doctors could be huge. This amount could be diverted for other diseases if we can keep cancer in check,\" Sen said.It could be difficult for India to take on cancer, with a huge underprivileged population, he said. \"Cancer hits the deprived harder. They have lesser access to medical check-ups. They can't pay for diagnosis and medical advise. Treatment, which is often expensive, is hard to come by. Finally, they don't have the freedom to withdraw from professional and familial duties to have the disease treated,\" Sen concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11345172", "title": "Child trafficking rampant in Gujarat, NCPCR tells govt", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), looking into complaints of child labour and implementation of right to education ( RTE) across the country, has taken strong exception to \"large-scale trafficking and child labour in the Bt Cotton seed farms of North Gujarat\".In its detailed report, based on an NCPCR team's field visit to villages in North Gujarat districts in October 2011, the top Central body has said that while Bt cotton production in Gujarat has been growing by leaps, there is a \"social cost of the child labour\" attached to it, which has gone unnoticed.Called \"Gujarat Visit Report to Assess the Child Labour &amp; Child Trafficking Situation in the Bt Cotton Seeds Farms of Gujarat,\" the report says that most of the children are \"being trafficked to Gujarat (Banaskantha, Sabarkantha and Patan districts) from Rajasthan (especially Udaipur, Banswara, Dungarpur districts of Udaipur division) for engaging them as child labour in artificial pollination work in Bt cottonseed farms.\"These children aged between 8 and 15, and their problem needs an \"interstate solution\". The team which visited the state was led by senior NCPCR member Dr Yogesh Dube. The report has been simultaneously submitted to both the state governments.The team, which was accompanied by members of civil society who had made the complaint regarding large-scale prevalence of child labour in Bt cotton fields, found that threats were being issued against NGOs campaigning against the prevailing practice of trafficking.The team found that the farms where child workers are employed \"are fully fenced from the roadside and one cannot enter into the field easily.\" During the field visit, the team members interacted with the children and adult members working in the cotton farms. An owner of a farm told the team that \"the wage for an adult labourer is Rs 100 per day and for a child labourer it is Rs 50 only.\"The report wants that that a joint task force be formed by the bordering states of Gujarat, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh governments to \"ensure repatriation of the migrant children to their state of origin after rescue, booking of employers under relevant labour laws\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345174", "title": "Tech snag dogs Vaishali line", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely months after the Vaishali-Anand Vihar corridor was opened to the public, technical problems seem to be dogging the line. Over the past month, snags in the electrical overhead equipment (OHE) have resulted in trains being delayed and commuters getting stranded on the line a number of times. Top Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) officials admit that the problem needs to be looked into seriously, even as commuters again faced problems on Monday.Said Satish Kumar , director (electrical), \"We are working on the OHE and the work should be completed by tomorrow.\" He, however, added that DMRC will be testing the entire line to identify the problem. \"We will test the equipment along the corridor to determine where exactly the problem is occurring. We are taking the matter very seriously,\" added Kumar. He admitted that the technical snag earlier last month, which had also involved the OHE, could be related to Monday's technical fault.\"The incidents are related and a comprehensive testing of the equipment is required,\" said Kumar. Monday's incident is the second such OHE problem on the line in a month.Earlier, on December 20, train services had been affected due to problems in the OHE. On Monday too, Delhi Metro said maintenance work on the OHE led to trains plying at intervals of 15 minutes during morning peak hours, which they claimed came down to 10 minutes later in the day. Commuters, however, had a different tale to tell. Radhika Misra, who takes the train from Kaushambi, said, \"When I reached the station, I was told to take the train from Anand Vihar instead, as there was a long queue at the Kaushambi station. I couldn't find any feeder buses, so I had to walk down to the Anand Vihar station.\" Incidentally, Delhi Metro had said it had made arrangements for feeder buses to avoid inconveniencing commuters. Long intervals between trains also led to a bunching effect, as crowds gathered to catch the train and were forced to wait.Commuters complained that the intervals between trains were longer than 15 minutes, as claimed by DMRC. The Blue line (Dwarka-Vaishali/Noida) had experienced problems on Sunday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346182", "title": "4.5% sub-quota alone will not influence voting", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 4.5% minority sub-quota in the 27% quota for other backward classes (OBC) has been able to create a positive buzz for the Congress ahead of UP assembly elections. Though it is too early to say how much this factor will help the Congress (which has been out of power in the state for last 22 years), the issue assumed significant dimensions for the polls to be held in February. However, political observers and community leaders feel that there are some other issues, which would also influence the pattern of Muslim voting.The issues, besides Muslim quota factor, which may impact their voting include the indiscriminate land acquisition during BSP rule, victimisation of Muslim youngsters in the name of terror suspects, poor status of handicraft and small-scale industries, agriculture woes, local leadership and candidates put by political parties, migration, education and health. National issues like Direct Tax Code Bill, inclusion of minority institutes under the Right to Education and amendment in Wakf Property Bill may also affect the polling trend by 4-5% at the grassroots.\"While, some describe 4.5% Muslim sub-quota as 'something is better than nothing', others describe it as an eyewash. We feel it's regressive as Muslims are already in OBC category and 3-4% get government jobs on their merit. We had asked for reservation for Dalit Muslims in SC category and backward Muslims (10%) as recommended by Sachar and Rangnath Committees' reports. We also want exclusion of minority institutions from Right to Education and religious place from Direct Tax Code Bill, amendment in Wakf Bill. As and when things will be clear to the community, the 'myth' of the Muslim sub-quota will break,\" said Zafaryab Jilani, member of All India Muslim Personal Law Board.Stating that Muslims have been used as votebanks by political parties, Mohammad Naim, a Meerut-based entrepreneur said, \"Muslims have got only appeasement since Independence, resulting in a situation that the socio-economic status of 95% Muslims is highly backward in the state. Now Congress has come up with 4.5% sub-quota. It has also tried to address the problems of weavers, predominantly Muslims, in east UP. But, equally pathetic is the condition of industries based on manual labour like brassware, glassware, furniture in west UP. Most of the people employed in these industries are Muslims. Also, Muslims have suffered because of land acquisition. These problems will not be addressed by the Muslim sub-quota.\"Analysts believe that while in the West UP, the Muslim mind will be governed by Deobandi and Barelvi schools of thoughts having origin in Saharanpur and Bareilly respectively, the victimisation of terror suspects and migration issue will be more important in the crime belt of East UP with Azamgarh as the epicentre and the socio-economic factors will dominate more in the Central UP.Like all other communities, one can find different shades in Muslims also post Ram Temple movement of 1992. The hardliners have emerged stronger in Muslim dominated districts of West and East UP like Moradabad, Meerut, Azamgarh and Mau.\"Both, Hindus and Muslims in UP fought freedom struggle together and opposed partition of India. However, in last 20 years, radicalisation of Islam in the world and rise of Hindutava forces in India made hardliners strong in both the communities in some areas of the state. A sense of insecurity has become a major issue of late because of victimisation in the name of terror. Entire community is blamed for fault of a few. Secure atmosphere is essential for a person and a community to focus on development. Communal Violence Bill is one such instrument, which can bring sense of security,\" said Omar Peerzada, national convener of Aligarh Movement Foundation.Lucknow: After enjoying the 'elephant ride' and fruits of power for five years, the number of Bahujan Samajwadi Party (BSP) leaders deserting the party ahead of UP assembly elections is rising with every day. The names include families which are politically influential in their respective areas. The latest to leave the party is Haji Yakoob Qureshi, MLA from Meerut, and his son Imran who joined the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) on MondayOthers to leave BSP include Nawab Kazim Ali Khan, MLA from Swartanda in Rampur; Rajya Sabha MP Naresh Agarwal and his MLA son from Hardoi and former UP assembly Speaker Dhaniram Verma and his son Mahesh, a BSP MLA. While Khan has joined Congress, Agarwal and Verma switched loyalties to SP. Interestingly, Queshis, Agarwals, Vermas and Khan were earlier in the SP government but defected to BSP when it came to power in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346200", "title": "'Muslims have fallen prey to exploitive designs'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rivals may scoff at his optimism, but Rajya Sabha MP and poster boy of saffron secularism Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi is confident that BJP's 10-year-old 'vanvaas' (isolation) is about to end in UP. Long association with the party dating back to 1985 has made the two-time minister and MP realise that Muslims have fallen pray to exploitative designs of Congress, SP and BSP. The strategy is clear cut -play on fear factor, make BJP the bogeyman and reap a harvest at the ballot time. Poll 2012, he says, will be different. Muslims are no more gullible and insecure. While they many not seek out a BJP candidate, they have surely begun to consider the merits and demerits of men in fray, which, by no means is a small achievement, he says in conversation with Manjari Mishra.Q. Muslim appeasement seems to be the key poll strategy this time. Right from the quota within quota for backward Muslims to exemption from RTE, setting up Urdu Farsi universities and slew of scholarships for the community - each party is trying hard to woo them. How do you perceive the trend?A. Juvenile, if you ask me. See, the 4.5% Muslim quota, madrassa issue or the sops and promises made by Maya and Mulayam are like over-the-counter medicine being administered to the ailing community without first making the right diagnosis. Muslims are suffering from poverty, unemployment, illiteracy and need specific and focused treatment. What they are offered are expired pills which will only lead to adverse reaction instead. Thankfully, a Muslim voter is no more as naive and gullible as he used to be 60 years ago. So the half-baked populist measures will only boomerang.Q. What are the key areas that need immediate attention?A. In UP, it is security or rather lack of it. UP has the highest number of Muslims who are victimised by the police and administration followed by Maharashtra and Delhi. The percentage here varies between 45 and 50. In last seven years of Congress rule every \"daadhi aur topi\"(beard and prayer cap) has been branded as made by al-Qaida. It is ridiculous. Besides, if the ruling parties actually wish well for Muslims what prevents them from implementing the recommendations of Sachar and Rangnath Mishra committees in true spirit, specially those pertaining to their socio economic uplift. But, since an illiterate and poor Muslim is best suited to their political design, why should they take interest?Q. How do you see the sudden glut of minorities outfits like Peace Party, Ulema Council etc., which are grabbing a lot of attention nowadays?A. As seasonal short-time players. They will be swept off in the arena. What happened to UDF Muslim Majlis and ilk? Where are they today? Muslims have always voted for the mainstream parties and I don't see any reason for them to change.Q. And you obviously feel BJP is in their reckoning too?A. I have a solid base for the claim. In a recent party survey, out of 403 UP constituencies BJP has emerged as the first choice in 288. And, 136 out of the lot have more than 30% Muslims on the voters list. So?Q. But what about the infighting and rumours of post-poll truck with Mayawati?A. We are not the only party which has differences. All democratic outfits have it. BJP's strength is a committed cadre. See, BSP is not cadre-based, it is Maya-based and so is SP which has the Yadav clan as pivot. Congress again is a one family enterprise. The public can see the vital difference. As for Maya factor, we have sworn not to approach her. The choice is opting for a year-old partnership with mercurial Maya in UP and a five-year-old government in Delhi in 2014. If we support her in 2012, we will be wiped out in UP in Parliament election. So, no chance. It is final bye bye to Behenji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346658", "title": "Youth fault BMC on bad roads, poor water supply", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's youth are far from impressed by the tactics and campaigns of parties who are even using the social media to connect with first-time voters. Interacting with us online will not solve the problem of bad roads, poor waste management and even poorer water supply, said many college students fed up of an under-performing BMC.Deplorable civic conditions seem to have contributed the most to alienating young voters. \"What is the point of gathering our opinions if they (the parties) don't act on it? No one in Mumbai would ever say they are satisfied with the civic services,\" said Eesha Khanna of Sophia College. 'Empty promises, nothing changes'With scams crawling out of the woodwork in the Centre and at the state-level, and an under-performing BMC at the local level, Mumbai's youth are understandably cynical about and apathetic to the promises made by candidates contesting the upcoming civic elections. So, while youth wings of the Shiv Sena, Congress, etc, have invaded social networking sites and blogs, first-time voters in Mumbai say that they will not be lured by this \"namesake connection via Facebook and Twitter\".\"We cannot connect with these political youth wings and their activities of vandalism and disruption are deplorable. The civic conditions in Mumbai are terrible,\" said a teenager.In fact, most of the politician's antics like the MNS beating up road contractors, or the Shiv Sena burning books, have not endeared them to young Mumbaikars. St Xavier's College student Neha Mathews said, \"I do not connect with the youth wings' views on various trivial issues. Why can't politicians create awareness constructively rather than disrupting social life and destroying public property?\"Third-time voter Rishika Vijan of Mithibai College said she was tired of failed promises made during every civic election. \"They make a lot of promises and noise about improving the living conditions in the city, but nothing changes,\" said Vijan. Roads that disintegrated during the monsoon of 2011, clogged drains, garbage...the list is endless...are an example of the apathy on the part of the richest civic body in India, said angry youth.Students are also angry that parties have invaded their campuses, most of which have remained apolitical, up until now. \"In my college, one person can be a member of different parties at any given time. So one can have many membership cards, which are flaunted on camps,\" said Manish Nagori, a media student at EDMI, Lower Parel. \"Do they ever discuss important topics like infrastructure? They do not speak our language of development,\" Nagori added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11345196", "title": "Plays in memory of Safdar Hashmi", "text": "PATNA: In the memory of Safdar Hashmi, a leftist playwright, Prerna - a city based cultural organization - kicked off a 10-day 'Cultural resistance against corruption' programme at Gandhi Maidan here on Monday.Hundreds of viewers were gathered at Gandhi Maidan to watch the street play - Palki- directed by Hasan Imam, secretary of Prerna, on the first day. This street play was based on the theme - Ancient monarchy to modern democracy. Earlier, the programme was inaugurated by Vijaykant Thakur, a farmer leader.\"From January 2 to 5, street plays have been scheduled at Gandhi Maidan. Various theatre artistes would perform their street plays on various topics related to corruption during this period. Some artistes also recited poems and many more would do so along with reciting some patriotic songs in the next few days,\" Imam told TOI.\"On January 6, we are organizing a seminar on 'People's movement in Bihar theatre' and on January 7, a seminar on 'Present time and cultural intervention' will be held,\" added Imam. From January 9 to 11, plays have been scheduled at Kalidas Rangalaya, where various theatre groups of the city will perform, he said.\"We have been organizing such events in the memory of Safdar Hashmi for more than two decades. This is part of our attempt to create awareness among Indians about corruption and give them a platform to express their views,\" said Imam.Safdar Hashmi, who was associated with street theatre, was also a founding member of 'Jana Natya Manch' (People's Theatre Front or Janam) in 1973. He was brutally murdered in Delhi while performing a street play, 'Halla Bol' in 1989.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11349412", "title": "DoT to cancel Idea\u2019s permit in Punjab", "text": "NEW DELHI: The telecom department (DoT) has decided to cancel one of the two mobile permits held by Idea Cellular for Punjab, in what is seen as the first step towards terminating six overlapping permits the company holds.This will have no impact on Idea Cellular customers as its second permit for the Punjab region is not operational. Idea Cellular holds overlapping mobile permits in six circles after its acquisition of Spice Communication in October 2008.The DoT had earlier issued a showcause notice to Idea Cellular for failing to rollout services in Punjab on one of its permits, and it decided to terminate the license as the telco had failed to reply to this notice within the 60-day period.In a related development, the DoT has also decided to seek legal opinion on Idea Cellular's move to merge the national and international permits held by Spice Communications with itself. This comes despite the findings of the DoT's internal wings, that examined this merger of the long distance permits, that the company was in full compliance with all rules and satisfied all the eligible conditions.Idea Cellular and the telecom department have been involved in a prolonged spat over the company's overlapping mobile permits.Idea in the past has accused the DoT of indulging in 'duplicity and muscle flexing' regarding the latter's move to initiate retrospective action against the company on its overlapping permits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346463", "title": "HC green signal to Group I interviews", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ending the suspense over Group I interviews, the AP High Court on Monday gave the state and the AP Public Service Commission the green signal to go ahead with their prefixed schedule to conduct the interviews to those who succeeded in the written test from January 4.The authorities can now conduct the interviews. However, they cannot issue appointment letters to those who are selected. The officials have to wait for the final adjudication of the matter for the letters.Earlier, the AP Administrative Tribunal stayed the process following a petition by certain Telugu medium candidates who charged the authorities with thrusting mistakes on them while translating the questions from English to Telugu.Both the state and the commission challenged the order of the tribunal in the High Court and the bench, comprising Justice Goda Raghuram and Justice Krishnamohan Reddy, allowed the petitions.Advocate general A Sudarsan Reddy told the court that the tribunal has no jurisdiction to look into matters like these, which are a domain of the experts in relevant fields. The AG also said that in areas where ambiguity prevailed, marks were given to students irrespective of the way they understood the question.Koneru seeks bail: Koneru Prasad, the sixth accused in the Emaar scam case, filed a petition in the CBI court on Monday seeking bail. Telling the court that he does not fall under the definition of a public servant, Prasad sought bail since the mandatory sixty days are over and the chargesheet in the case was not filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11346255", "title": "CBI forcing Achary to be false witness: Raja", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former telecom minister A Raja on Monday alleged before a special CBI court that the agency has put pressure on his ex-aide Aseervatham Achary, CBI's star witness, to depose falsely against him as the agency failed to find anything to \"link\" him with other accused in the case.During his cross-examination, Raja's counsel Sushil Kumar told Achary that as the ex-minister did not promote him in politics, he chose to become a false witness for the CBI in the case. The counsel also alleged that Achary was under CBI's pressure because of \"possession of assets disproportionate\" to his known sources of income. \"You became a CBI witness under the pressure of CBI that you will also be made an accused in the case,\" Kumar said.Achary, however, denied the allegation of the former minister, saying, \"It is wrong to suggest that I am deposing falsely. It is wrong to suggest that I became a witness in this case only when the CBI could not find anything to connect Raja with other accused. It is wrong to suggest that I was under CBI pressure because of the possession of assets disproportionate to my known sources of income,\" Achary told special CBI judge O P Saini. He said, \"It is wrong to suggest that I was unhappy with A Raja as he did not promote me in politics. It is wrong to suggest that for these reasons I chose to become a false witness against him for the prosecution (CBI).\"Responding to a query from the defence counsel regarding his political ambitions, Achary denied he had spoken to Raja about helping him in procuring a Congress ticket in 2009 Lok Sabha polls.Achary also denied the defence counsel's contention that he decided to leave Raja during his tenure in the ministry of communication and information technology as the minister had \"declined to help\" him in getting Congress's nomination.When Raja's counsel questioned Achary if he became a CBI source in October, 2009 when the FIR in the 2G case was registered by the agency, the witness said he had no contact with the CBI till he was questioned by it.\"It is wrong to suggest that in October 2009, I became a source for CBI,\" he said. Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy's book on the 2G case, \"2G Spectrum\", was also referred to by Raja's counsel, who asked the witness whether he was the same who was named as 'Ashirvatham Achari' in the book.Achary said he used to visit Swamy's house to meet his wife, but could not say that the 'Achari' referred to in the book was him or some other person. During the day-long court proceeding, Raja completed Achary's cross-examination, after which advocate S P Minocha, appearing for former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura, began his defence.During his cross-examination by Behura's counsel, Achary failed to recollect that he had told the CBI that he knew corporate lobbyist Niira Radia who was working for the Tatas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11345880", "title": "Fog, reckless driving led to Ambala accident", "text": "AMBALA: The minibus accident occurred when the vehicle was on its way to Arjun Public School in Ambala's Behta area after picking up children from two nearby villages. Besides reckless driving by the trucker, the fog on the single-lane highway was the other reason behind the accident. Such was the impact that driver Subhash's body could be extricated only after cutting through the tangled heap of metal.Spilled lunch boxes and bags lay on the spot, capturing the scale of the tragedy. All the children, both dead and injured, were in the 6-10 age group.The police have registered a case of rash driving against the trucker, who fled. The administration has announced a compensation of Rs 1 lakh each to the families of those killed and Rs 50,000 to the parents of those injured. The Haryana government has ordered a magisterial probe into the role of school management and the regional transport authority. \"We have launched a probe. The conduct of the school management and officials of the district education department will also come under the scanner,\" said Shekhar Vidyarthi, the Ambala deputy commissioner.An eyewitness said that the accident took place when the truck wrongly overtook the van. \"The impact was so powerful that it sounded like a blast and there were wails and cries of the kids,\" said Hari Onkar, a resident of Behta village. \"We did not wait for the police or ambulance to arrive and rushed all those injured to hospitals in Shahbad, Ambala Cantonment and Ambala city,\" he said.\"Most of the dead children had multiple injuries. Congestion in the overloaded vehicle may have been another cause of the high number of casualties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11345693", "title": "Ice cream vendor injured in bird-hunting incident at Shiroda", "text": "PONDA: Mukesh Kumar, a 19-year-old ice cream vendor, was severely injured after a bird-hunting incident at Caraimol-Shiroda turned awry on Monday noon.Police sources said the victim, a native of Rajasthan and a resident of Shiroda, was busy with his business when he suddenly collapsed in great pain.Police said that at around 12 noon, Domingo Diniz, 74, a resident of Caraimol, had attempted to shoot a bird sitting on a tree.The metal pellet bounced after hitting the trunk of a tree and struck the unsuspecting ice cream vendor.Kumar suffered severe thigh injuries. He was admitted to Hospicio Hospital, Margao, and his condition was said to be stable.Kumar's companion Sarwan Mevaji Gujjar, also a native of Rajasthan, immediately informed the Ponda police, who later arrested Diniz. Ponda police have registered the case under Sections 337 (act endangering human life) of the Indian Penal Code.As the offence is a bailable one, the accused was later released on bail on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345283", "title": "Gujarat drunk driving case: Girl granted bail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 19-year-old girl who rammed her car into three stationary vehicles in the wee hours on Sunday and killed a biker was arrested by Vastrapur police station. She was produced in the court in the evening where she was granted bail. In her primary statement, she said that she was not drunk and the accident was not entirely her fault.When Labdhi Shah, a resident of Naranpura, came to Vastrapur police station on Monday morning, a large group of her relatives surrounded her all the time. They took her to a nearby clinic when mediapersons reached the scene and also requested the police investigators that they allow the girl to be taken to the court in a private vehicle. The cops turned down the request and Labdhi went to the court in a police vehicle.When Labdhi was taken to the police station, she was physically carried by her relatives due to her frail health. Her face was covered with bandages and dupatta while a woman police sub-inspector constantly accompanied her.In wee hours of Sunday, Labdhi, who was driving a car, rammed into an autoricshaw, a bike and a car in succession and injured three near Indraprasth Tower on Drive-In Road. Gaurav Rajyaguru, 24, who was riding pillion on the bike, died on the spot soon after the incident. Two others received injuries and were taken to a nearby hospital. Labdhi also was injured as her car had turned turtle after hitting a divider. She had to be taken out after breaking the windscreen.B K Saiyad, sub-inspector of Vastrapur police station and investigator in the case, told TOI that her statement was recorded on Monday where she has mentioned that she was returning from a party.\"She had been to a friend Utsav's residence in Prahladnagar for a New Year's party with three other girls and three boys. As per her statement, Utsav's parents were present at the residence with them. At 2 am, the group went to a club on SG Highway for snacks. They waited there for a while as there was a rush at that moment and after having snacks, they left at 4 am,\" he said.The group then parted ways near Thaltej circle after which she headed home. \"She claims that a car suddenly came in front of her car and hit the vehicle, which made her loose control. She then hit the other vehicles. She does not remember anything else,\" said Saiyad. When questioned about the blood sample report, Saiyad said that it will take few more days to get the test result ascertaining whether there was any alcohol content in her blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11344506", "title": "Finally, Pravasi meet venues get ready", "text": "JAIPUR: After chief minister Ashok Gehlot expressed displeasure over the ongoing preparations for the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas 2012, the state machinery has geared up and is working relentlessly to ensure a successful meet. The event venues have been revamped and are all set to welcome guests from 65 countries.Birla Auditorium, the main venue, has gone for a complete facelift. The inaugural session by the Prime Minister and valedictory address by the President will be held here. The governing body of the auditorium has installed new light and sound system with 32 channels along with a 950 KV generator. The interiors, too, have been refurbished with new carpets and chairs.\"We are working round the clock to give the visitors the best facilities. The premises have been handed over to the organisers to add final touches,\" Seema Chopra, executive officer of the auditorium, said. The main hall here would seat 1,350 people while other three halls will add to the seating capacity. To avoid space crunch at lunch time, two lawns have been assigned which can accommodate 800 people. Similarly, for the VVIP guests a separate open dining space has been created.The City Palace, venue for cultural evenings, will represent the rich heritage of the city. The ministry of external affairs will also host dinner for the delegates here.\"We were asked to just provide space and the arrangements would be made by the organizers. However, our people will be there to provide and security,\" said Lt. Col PS Rathore, marketing head, City Palace.Similarly, Sisodia Rani Bagh, which was in shambles when the chief minister inspected it, too, is getting spruced up. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot is to host dinner here.The walls are being painted and the garden trimmed.\"We are following the ministers' instructions and the venue will be ready soon. We will ensure that guests enjoy their stay here,\" BD Garg, executive director of Amber Development &amp; Management Authority, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11350182", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan to throw his weight around in 2012?", "text": "King Khan will be losing and gaining weight for Yash Chopra and Rohit Shetty's films respectively in 2012.After two back-to-back action flicks in 2011, Shah Rukh Khan will get back to his eternal romantic image in 2012. But to get back to basics, SRK will have to throw his weight around. Quite literally!King Khan is all set for Yash Chopra's next directorial venture costarring Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma and buzz is that Chopra has asked Shah Rukh to get back his leaner look. The heavy-duty brawny physique that SRK had worked towards for his superhero film Ra.One and action flick Don 2 will have to go away. But then who's complaining? Shah Rukh Khan has always been known for his romantic image over his 6-pack persona.But Khan's bodily concerns don't stop there. After Yash Chopra's film, Shah Rukh will be starting work on Rohit Shetty's film and coming from the director, it should be an action film. Industry insiders insist that SRK will have to get back those muscles for this one.Only if Shah Rukh could have scheduled his films in reverse order! But like they say no gain without pain!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11344752", "title": "From 2013, 4-year Hons course in DU", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University is planning to add another academic year to its existing three-year undergraduate course starting 2013. The BA, BCom and BSc courses are likely to be structured in a way that even if a student opts out before completing four years, either a diploma or a lesser degree will be awarded. Students will also get to study a wider range of subjects in the first year before having to lock in a specialization.As per vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh's plans, the four-year degree will have a core curriculum comprising general studies in the first year and students will be allowed to opt for courses across streams. The student can then choose a specialization in the second year. In case a student wishes to drop out in the second year, he or she can opt for skill-based subjects and get a diploma. A student leaving in the third year will get a general degree while those completing four years will bag a specialized degree equivalent to a present-day Honours.According to university officials, experts are working on a mechanism to address possible problems that the switchover may create. \"The university is planning to introduce the four-year degree programme from 2013. Right now it is in the planning stage as we need to work out on a lot of issues. That is why we need to start early so that we are ready with our plans well on time,\" Singh told TOI.\"A student in the present course structure doesn't get the necessary opportunity to understand his talent. He or she needs to discover that. A four-year degree course will ensure a platform to discover his inner talents, his or her area of interest after studying a wide range of subjects,\" Singh said. \"We need to change if we have to improve, otherwise the country will be affected adversely in the long run. A mathematics teacher should connect mathematics to other subjects. This is what we call cross-disciplinary,\" he added.While courses will carry credits to help students to migrate to other universities with a similar credit system, the university will also review the internal assessment system during its consultation with different stakeholders.The VC said during his interactions in colleges he had found students themselves wanted a larger range of subjects to choose from. \"The students continue to surprise us. Sanskrit students want to study French and German simultaneously, mathematics students want to study history. In fact, this shows their maturity. There is a great demand for Sanskrit teachers and academics in Germany. We need to explore many more such opportunities and innovation and empower our students,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346365", "title": "Name Cong cadre to nominated posts: VHR", "text": "HYDERABAD: Rajya Sabha member V Hanumantha Rao Monday urged the Congress leadership to take steps to revitalise the party.In a letter to Ghulam Nabi Azad , the AICC general secretary in-charge of Andhra Pradesh, the former PCC president said dedicated party workers were getting disillusioned as nominated posts have laid vacant for quite some time now.\"When the party is in power, the workers of the party who fought for its revival in the state expect some reward. This is not happening in the state.\"This will have a demoralising effect on the dedicated workers,\" the MP said in his letter.He also opposed the proposal for the appointment of MLAs as chairpersons of public sector organisations in the state.He suggested that these posts should be filled with senior workers of the party as a reward for their dedication to the party during the time it was not in power.On the issue of Congress not taking any action against those legislators who violated the whip in the Assembly recently at the no-confidence vote moved by the Telugu desam Party, the Rajya Sabha member said: \"These MLAs violated the whip.\"Not taking action against them would embolden others to violate party discipline in times of crisis for personal benefit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344471", "title": "What's in the name, asks CP?", "text": "NAGPUR: Being the top cop is not easy in Nagpur. Ask the present police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, whose name is ridiculed for every piece of bad news in the world of crime.Dhanvijay may not have expressed his irritation publicly, particularly for all the pun and fun at the expense of his name every time someone wants to comment on the city's crime graph, but it must have left him annoyed to no extent.Getting brickbats may be nothing new for CPs, but being ridiculed for your name in public has been reserved for Dhanvijay. From politicians to the press, it has become common to link the CP's first name 'Ankush' with police control over crime while the surname 'Dhanvijay' is usually linked to nefarious amassing of wealth.Leader of opposition in state assembly Eknath Khadse targeted the CP in similar fashion in the recently concluded Winter Assembly. Ironically stating that the CP's name was 'changla' (nice), Khadse said the top cop had no 'ankush' on criminals in Nagpur. He went on to target the government, by sarcastically asking whether the police force was maintained in the state to amass 'dhan' or wealth.While home minister RR Patil hooked the Khadse bouncer with some crime statistics, Dhanvijay himself ducked it, stating that he believes in action and has been proving his worth.Earlier, a Marathi scribe too had taken a dig at the CP with the headline 'Chorancha 'Dhan vijay', gunhegar nir'ankush' (thieves amassing wealth, criminals are uncontrolled).Even TOI had once mentioned Dhanvijay must be 'nakhush', punning with his first name, to describe how aggrieved he may be with his luck after cases of murders shot up in the city.Though not publicly ridiculed, even Dhanvijay's predecessor Pravin Dixit's name triggered some comments. Though his first name 'Pravin' may mean someone who is skilled or expert, he was criticized for following the principle of preferring youths rather than seniors when it came to handing over reigns of police stations. \"Pravin saab ne toh saare police thaane 'Navin' inspectors ko de diye, (Pravin Sir, gave all the police stations to young inspectors),\" said a seasoned police inspector. Dixit had posted several newly promoted and young PIs as senior in-charges of police stations, and the strategy had worked.Even the full form of another former CP SPS Yadav was connected to his personality, work and image. Shiv Pratap Singh Yadav was religious to the core. Yadav, a strong administrator, was also known for his temperament and towering personality, reminding most juniors of the God of destruction, Lord 'Shiva', which incidentally was also part of his name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344335", "title": "MC poll dates may clash with state board exams", "text": "NAGPUR: The students appearing in state board examinations beginning in February may face a little hardship. The exam dates, particularly those for practical/viva-voce, may clash with the municipal corporation polls to be conducted by State Election Commission (SEC).Sources stated that election commission had already demanded timetable of both HSC and SSC exams from the state board office in Pune to finalize poll dates. They confirmed that dates would either clash with practical/viva-voce or theory exams as after announcement of poll-schedule, code of conduct would come into force. Within 45-days of this, election commission must conduct polls.If poll schedule is announced on Thursday, January 5, they have to be conducted before February 19. HSC exams are commencing from February 21 while SSC exams will begin from March 1. Both exams will conclude on March 28. However, practical/viva-voce for both exams would start from February first week where dates would clash. Even exams conducted by CBSE and ICSE will clash, but it would not have any effect.\"We collected board exams schedule to avoid clashing of dates,\" state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan told TOI from Mumbai. She however refused to divulge exact dates of polls stating that within a couple of days they will announce it, taking care not to clash them with exams.Board chairperson Ujjwala Patil however laid all speculations to rest by quoting the 'Out of turn' exam facility in case of practical/viva-voce could be conducted due to some emergency. \"Under this facility, practical/viva-voce could be held even after theory exams. We provide this facility to students who fell ill during practicals/viva-voce,\" she said.She added that primary teachers were engaged in poll duties, however schools, which were marked as board centres, could be used for polling. \"If so we will use out of turn facility and conduct practical/viva-voce after theory exams,\" she said. She however clarified that she had not received any other communication from SEC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11348315", "title": "PWD fails to meet CM's pothole-filling deadline", "text": "MANGALORE: Public Works Department has missed the December 31 deadline set by CM DV Sadananda Gowda to fill all potholes along the state highways (SHs) and major district roads (MDRs). In Dakshina Kannada, PWD achieved 95% progress in filling potholes along SHs, and 48% progress as far as MDRs is concerned. State government has released Rs 4.74 crore for the purpose of filling up potholes along 1,300 km of SH and MDR in the district.Confirming this, PWD minister CM Udasi said the department will expedite the process of filling up potholes at the earliest and ensure that these roads are made fully motorable. The CM during a review meeting with heads of departments of Dakshina Kannada in October had instructed them to ensure that potholes are filled by end of December. Udasi admitting that PWD had failed to meet the same said the delay was for reasons beyond their control.On the work of mini Vidhan Soudhas taken up in the district, Udasi said the work on the second phase of the project in Puttur would be taken up forthwith at a cost of Rs 5.50 crore and that estimates have been submitted.The mini Vidhan Soudha in Sullia taluk will be completed by December 2012, he said, adding that work on the second and third phase of the project in Mangalore taluk would be started immediately at a cost of Rs 5.50 crore.The work on the new Circuit House in the city taken up an estimated cost of Rs 3 crore will be completed by April and inaugurated in May, Udasi said, adding that the department has also taken up work of constructing new courts complex in Mangalore, Moodbidri and Bantwal at an estimated cost of Rs 32 crore. Around 160-kms of road would be developed across DK at an estimated cost of Rs 72 crore entailing 69 works for which sanction has been given.The state government has accorded permission to develop 166.91 km of State Highways at a cost of Rs 59.91 crore under State Highways Development Project and steps would be initiated to start the work soon. The department would also lay concrete roads to SC/ST colonies at a cost of Rs 5 crore, Udasi said, adding that 15 works under NABARD RIDF 17 would be taken up in Dakshina Kannada at an estimated cost of Rs 13.65 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346889", "title": "Child goes missing from Kilpauk hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: An 18-month-old girl went missing from Kilpauk Medical College Hospital (KMCH) atearly morning on Monday ,whileher father was asleep beside her . Rajesh Kannan woke up at 3am to feed his daughter Priyadarshini . As the child was in deep slumber , he went back to sleep . When he woke up a half an hour later , he found the child missing . Rajesh's wife Selvi had been admitted to the KMCH for delivery and she gave birth to a girl child on December 27.As the child had some abnormality , she was kept in the incubator and the mother was admitted to the ICU. Rajesh , a resident of Tiruverkadu , stayed in the hospital along with his older daughter to take care of his wife.Based on Rajesh's complaint , Kilpauk police registered a case and launched a search for the missing child. Special teams have been formed to nab the kidnapper .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11345340", "title": "At Rs 6,000 salary, Kerala varsity asked Einstein to be VC", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Decades before India embarked on its quest for superpower status, the tiny princely state of Travancore had aimed it high in 1937 when it made a bid to enlist the services of great physicist Albert Einstein as vice-chancellor of its fledgling university for a monthly pay of Rs 6,000.The founder of modern physics, however, politely declined the offer, saying he wanted to join Princeton University in the US. The Travancore University, later renamed as University of Kerala, celebrates its platinum jubilee this year.According to eminent historian, late Prof A S Menon, who authored a comprehensive history of the Travancore university, seeking Einstein's service was the idea of the then Diwan (Prime Minister) of Travancore Sir C P Ramaswamy Aiyar. Aiyar was a shrewd administrator and multi-faceted scholar who kept abreast of contemporary developments, including those in modern science.Citing records of local people's council, Menon says Aiyar advised the reigningprince Chithira Tirunal Balarama Varma, the last Maharaja of Travancore, to invite Einstein to decorate the prestigious academic post. Aiyar thought the prestige and status of the university would get elevated if a great scientist like Albert Einstein agreed to head it.According to historian M G Sashibhushan, Aiyar had tried to bring not only Einstein but many other famous personalities from various academic disciplines as faculty at the university. \"I have heard people saying of CP's public announcement about the proposal first at the Sree Chitra State Council. But as far as I know, unfortunately, the copy of the letter sent to Einstein is yet to be traced,\" Sashibhushan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11345714", "title": "RWA body faces Rs 50k fee for polls", "text": "NOIDA: The Federation of RWAs is in a fix following a demand from the Deputy Registrar of Firms, Chits and Societies in Meerut to deposit Rs 50,000 to have its elections conducted. The demand has been made despite the bank account of the organization being closed from the past one-and-half years when the body was declared time-barred for not conducting its polls in time.\"We don't know why the deputy registrar has asked us to deposit the amount. We got a letter dated December 27 intimating us to deposit the money by December 31,\" said president of the Federation of Noida RWAs (FONRWA), NP Singh.The last management committee of FONRWA had been elected on July 31, 2008 with a tenure of two years. Elections for the new management committee could not be held in time due to delay by FONRWA in submitting their account balance sheet to the deputy registrar in Meerut. In September 2010, the deputy registrar declared FONRWA a time-barred body. \"Earlier, the deputy registrar had asked us to submit the list of voters,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11346276", "title": "Hearing on Mudumalai elephant rejuvenation camp adjourned", "text": "MADURAI: A public interest litigation (PIL) seeking to quash a government order passed to conduct a rejuvenation camp for elephants at the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve, has been adjourned to Wednesday by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court.In December last, V Sundaraj, an advocate filed a PIL seeking to quash the order passed by the Tamil Nadu government on December 5 to conduct such camp at the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve. However, he sought a direction to the authorities to conduct the elephant rejuvenation camp region-wise instead of conducting the same at the reserve.The petitioner had contended that the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve has the highest density of tigers in the country and that the National Tiger Conservation Authority should not permit the state to conduct the camp since it is an ecologically sensitive area.He also said the possibility of contagious diseases and infection being spread to the wild animals from the domestic captivated elephants has not been taken into consideration. When the matter came up for hearing on Monday before the bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah, the additional advocate general K Chellapandian submitted similar petitions challenging the conduct of the camp were dismissed by the principal seat at Chennai.Asking him to produce the order copy of principal seat at Chennai, the bench adjourned the case for further hearing to Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346514", "title": "Corporator alleges corruption in PCMC grants to SHGs", "text": "PUNE: Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale has alleged corruption in the release of grants by the PCMC to four federations of women selfhelp groups for starting enterprises.Addressing mediapersons, Savale said the civic body's urban community development department had started a scheme in 2007 to give grants to the federation of four women self-help groups for starting their own enterprises. Eleven women self-help groups form one federation of SHGs. A total of 20 federations had submitted their applications to the PCMC for the grants. The selected federation can start a project costing Rs 1 crore.She added that the federation gets a loan of Rs 50 lakh from bank, Rs 30 lakh as grants from the PCMC and it has to raise Rs 20 lakh on its own.The civic body had selected projects of eight federations and had distributed Rs 1.20 crore as grants to four federations in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11348010", "title": "Locals protest liquor shop in Christianbasti", "text": "GUWAHATI: State minister for excise, sports and youth welfare, Ajit Singh, urged the Kamrup district (metro) administration on Monday to start an enquiry into reports of sale of illegal liquor in the Christian asti area here.Nine local groups, including three religious societies, demanded immediate shutting down of liquor shops and bars in the area. Locals alleged that bars are running for the past eight years in the area and that they are barely 50 meters away from the historic Dispur Baptist Church.\"There are several liquor shops in the area which are flouting basic norms. These are within 100 meters of religious places and educational institutes,\" said Jayanta Deka, chief convener of Greater Christian Basti Concern Citizen's Society in a letter to the excise department.Singh thereafter forwarded the case to the district administration. \"This is a genuine prayer. Hence I would request you (D C metro) to please take action,\" the minister said.Local groups also ran a signature campaign against liquor establishments and sent a copy to the authority. The district administration on its part said it has already started the enquiry and will submit the report in a week's time. \"According to the Assam Excise Rule (amendment) section 183 (2), no liquor shop will be given permission for functioning within 500 meters of any religious place and 100 meters of any educational institution. We are cross-checking records. The report will be tabled next week,\" said Bijoya Chaudhury, additional district commissioner, Kamrup (metro).\" The church , built by three Christian households who formed a fellowship, was started in 1889. Later it was opened to all in 1924,\" said Arup Saikia, assistant pastor of the Baptist Church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11344621", "title": "30-yr-old man gets lifer for murder", "text": "AKOLA: Judge of the sessions court AK Gunjotikar on Saturday sentenced Gopal Dhandar (30) of village Bahadura to life imprisonment for killing Sanjay Ghayre (32). The judge also slapped a fine of Rs 1,000. The case dates back to February 26 (2009), the day Gyare was axed to death by convict Dhandar.65-yr-old jailed for rapeWashim's fast track court sentenced 65-year-old Bansilal Sharma of Malegaon to 3 years' rigorous imprisonment for raping a 6-year-old girl on June 23, 2009. After luring her with sweets and money, Sharma took the victim to his house and committed the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11344461", "title": "Rs 17 cr boost to IGGMC for PG seats", "text": "Also Get Another Chance To Revive Vertical Expansion PlanNAGPUR: For Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) the year 2011 ended on a happy note as the college got another chance for revival of the vertical expansion plan through the Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) on bill, operate, transfer (BOT) basis.And if this wasn't enough, the college has also received its first instalment of Rs17 crore out of the Rs48 crore sanctioned by the Centre for increasing the post graduate seats in the college under an ambitious scheme of strengthening the existing colleges and generating more post graduate teachers across the country.The IGGMC dean Dr P Wakode is one happy man as his optimism appears to be finally paying off. He told TOI that the Rs 17 crore aid has come as a shot in the arm in the college's development. \"We would not only try to strengthen the infrastructure and improve the post graduate teaching, but also start MD course in subjects like psychiatry, skin and tuberculosis ,\" said Wakode.He added that as per the understanding between the central and state government, the Centre will support the project through payment of faculty for PG teaching initially for some years. If the project goes in the right direction the college could begin PG courses in all 20 subjects.Since 2010, central government teams have been inspecting medical colleges across the country and based on the available infrastructure, undergraduate and PG seats it is granting aids to increase the number of seats. This will improve the quality of education in the colleges and generate teachers for medical colleges that will come up in future and strengthen the PG faculty in existing colleges. In fact Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) had received a nod in September 2010 when a team of Central Government Health Scheme was here for inspection. But the then missed chance for IGGMC came after special efforts put in by the state government.Sources in IGGMC said that the issue was discussed during an informal meeting of medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit, the medical education secretary and other officials during the winter legislative session held in city recently. But as the rider in it, the state government shares 25% of the total cost involved in the process. However, Dr Pravin Shingare, acting chief of the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) categorically clarified that the state government was ready to put in its contribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11345580", "title": "MCG to meet on January 6", "text": "GURGAON: After facing a lot of flak from residents for not being serious about holding the monthly meetings, the MCG has finally decided to hold the house meeting on January 6.However, going by the MCG's track record, it remains to be seen how effective this meeting will be.Considering the fact that the agenda continues to be the same even after three meetings - a clear indicator that issues faced by Gurgaon have hardly been addressed - it's hardly surprising that the residents are cynical about it.\"This shows that the members have been grossly incompetent to carry out any meaningful work and these gatherings remain just a sham. We elected these people with a hope that they would solve our problems. However, the councillors are too busy fighting among themselves to deal with puclic issues. It seems that they are not interested in doing any meaningful work,\" said Rahul Agnihotri, a Sector 44 resident.While the last House meeting lasted for less than two hours, only a few resolutions were passed and this included the renaming of the Biodiversity Park.According to a resident, since a majority of the councillors, including the mayor and his deputies, belong to the Rao Inderjit faction of the Congress party, the park was named after his father.According to the mayor, no new issues have been added to the list of agendas because there is a total lack of coordination among the councillors and the executive wing.\"There is little planning among MCG officials and they tend to ignore issues that matter to the common man. There needs to be better coordination between us and the officials. However, we will try to pass as many resolutions as we can in this meeting,\" said Vimal Yadav, mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345090", "title": "Over 100 passports in bag seized at airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Customs officials have seized a baggage containing over 100 passports, including those of Indians, at IGI Airport . Police sources said no case has yet been registered, as they are still to get possession of the passports.The sources said, the baggage came in Turkish Airline and was seized by customs authorities during checking in the third week of December.\"They seized the passports when they found them in large numbers. They wrote to us 10 days ago informing us about the incident. They are yet to hand over the passports,\" they said.\"An official is on leave and we are yet to get the documents,\" a senior cop said. On whether the incident could be the handiwork of a gang, he said the police would not be able to comment on the issue.\"We have to find out whether the passports are original or fake and whether they were tampered with. Only then will we be able to say anything,\" the officer said. He said the police will register a case as soon as they were handed over the passports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11349126", "title": "Nehru Place: A beehive for software piracy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly half the world's personal computers use software that is pirated. In India, it's worse. Only about one-third of the software sold is genuine, according to Business Software Alliance (BSA), a trade group representing some of the largest software makers, including Microsoft and Adobe.If the numbers remain alarmist, you only need to visit the country's largest technology market, Nehru Place in New Delhi. Its notoriety as a haven of software piracy was articulated by the US last month and it's easy to see why. At first glance, a first-time visitor to Nehru Place might feel misguided. There's nothing technology about it.Street hawkers swamp the two main lanes alongside rows of shops, selling fake branded clothes, watches, shoes, utility items, and what have you. Cut through them to reach the stores selling computers, tablets, smart phones and just about any kind of software. But even before you can enter any of them, 19-year-old Inder Kumar, boyish and street-smart, accosts with a seven-page catalogue.It's literally an A to Z of software, from Adobe to Z-Brush (a digital art software ). And he promises to sell them, at prices cheaper than a pair of boxers . He is all mouth even as his eyes dart around for cops and flying squads from Microsoft.A Delhi Police cop is approaching, and as he nears, Kumar flees, snatching the catalogue. When the cop is gone, Kumar is back, keen to strike a deal. Boys like Kumar, about 300 of them, are all over Nehru Place, earning Rs 150 a day by selling pirated software. About a year back, they were more rooted -- they operated from benches just outside the computer stores.A police swoop put an end to that, but not to piracy -- the boys move around. In the last five years, efforts by piracy watchdog Business Software Alliance (BSA) and industry players , including Microsoft and Adobe, has lowered software piracy in India by 7 percentage points to 64%. That is, 64 out of 100 softwares sold are pirated, against 71 in 2006.But because of more computers being sold, the value of pirated software has more than doubled during the same period, from $1.27 billion to $2.73 billion. It's why last month the office of the US trade representative (USTR) listed Nehru Place as among the 30 most notorious IT markets in the world that infringe on intellectual property rights (IPR).Besides Nehru Place, an earlier USTR report released in February had mentioned Richie Street and Burma Bazaar in Chennai; Manish Market, Heera Panna, Lamington Road and the Fort District in Mumbai; and Chandni Chowk in Kolkata on the list. A high arbitrage -- difference between original and pirated software -- and weak enforcement give them reason to flourish.High arbitageTake Nehru Place. When it came up in 1976, it was called Kalkaji District Centre, and housed government entities like LIC, NTPC, NHPC and Iffco. It was only in the late-1980 s and post reforms that the place grew as a major hardware market -- rents here were cheap. And the price differential between legal and illegal was huge.\"Import tariffs on computers (hardware and software) were 300%, encouraging a smuggled goods market via Nepal's porus borders to India,\" recalls Saket Kapur, general secretary, Progressive Channels Association of Info Tech (PCAIT), an association of IT traders.Import duties on computers have crashed to less than 10% now, and have virtually killed the grey market in hardware. In Nehru Place, company dealerships on the ground floor are nudging the resellers on the first floor into declining relevance. But in software, little has changed. The way computing is evolving, the cost of software as a percentage of total cost has increased. Users need more software -- particularly applications like those to run videos on computers -- and people are buying more games, making it lucrative to peddle pirated ware.\"In the 1990s, software cost was 10% of the total machine,\" says Kapur. \"Now, software costs as much as hardware.\" And the price differential between original and pirated software is phenomenal . A genuine Microsoft Windows 7 costs Rs 5,690-10 ,690, depending on the version (home, student or ultimate), while a pirated one costs Rs 200. Sumeet Khanna, director, Windows business group, Microsoft India, defends the pricing, saying that the company makes an enormous intellectual investment.Citing another example, Kapur notes that certain specialised software like Computer Aided Design (CAD) used by architects can cost upwards of Rs 50,000, while a pirated copy costs less than Rs 500. \"A new architect who is yet to establish his practice may go in for pirated ware to save costs,\" he says. Adds Devesh Aggarwal, CEO of Mumbai-based CompuSoft: \"Software that needs no support (like basic operating system or office applications) is more pirated than one that needs support (like ERP or core banking software).\"Weak enforcement", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11345933", "title": "41 mental patients rescued from illegal health centre", "text": "THRISSUR: As many as 41 mental patients, including a few from Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, were rescued from an illegal mental health centre in a raid conducted by the district medical authorities at Avanoor panchayat in Thrissur on Monday.The centre has been identified as Santhi Bhavan Sarvodaya Panguvekkal Charitable Society. The patients were rescued from a room which had no roof and five of them were found chained to the windows.\"Serious human rights violations have been committed against the patients in the centre. Many of them were found to have been beaten up by the people running the centre. The inmates were found living in the open, battling the heat and rain. They were treated like street dogs,\" said T K Raju, a technical assistant with the district medical office.Earlier there had been allegations of many inmates from the centre disappearing. Following this, the health inspectors inspected the centre on December 23 and found that it was functioning illegally and the inmates were being ill-treated.It was also found that the patients from other states had left the centre after making entries in the register in Malayalam. \"As per the register, there were 78 patients undergoing treatment in the centre. But we could rescue only 41. We have no idea about the whereabouts of the remaining patients. It raises suspicion,\" Raju said.The health inspectors who conducted inspection had submitted a report to the district medical officer (DMO).On Monday, the report was handed over to the chief judicial magistrate (CJM), who in turn ordered the health department officials and police to shift the patients immediately.The centre was registered as a charitable society, not a mental health centre, in Peramangalam in 2006. Later, it was shifted to Avanoor and the authorities were not informed about this move.The rescued patients have been admitted to the district mental hospital. CJM P S Antony visited the patients in the hospital and directed the hospital superintendent to provide treatment to them for 10 days. DMO has submitted a preliminary report on the human rights violations in the centre.The Permangalam police have taken a person named Joshy into custody in connection with this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11347978", "title": "OFC candidates face tough time at UHM", "text": "KANPUR: Several candidates of OFC examination, who came to Ursula Horsman Hospital for getting medical fitness certificate, had to face difficulties on Monday due to non-cooperative attitude of the doctors.The candidates brought the matter to the notice of chief medical superintendent, who took a sudden action and called the doctor back who went home before the time of outpatient department (OPD) gets over.Most of the candidates said that they were coming to the hospital daily but had to return home without getting the certificate.On Monday, when it was only four days left to post the form, a large number of candidates reached UHM hospital for getting medical fitness test done. The candidates alleged that nothing was told to them properly. The doctors left the OPD before the closing time.\"The emergency medical officer told us to get our eyes, chest, height, weight examined and tested but nobody told us where to go for getting these tests done. They did not tell us which test is to be done first and which is to be done later,\" said Vijay Kumar , a candidate.Another candidate Waqar Ahmed said: \"The doctors did not check us and asked to approach some other doctor. This wasted our whole day and most of the doctors left the OPDs without attending us.\"The candidates informed that the ophthalmologist DK Saxena was unavailable. He left the OPD at 12.45 pm, 75 minutes before the OPD ending time.When the matter was brought to the notice of chief medical superintendent AK Nigam, he called the absent doctor back on his seat and instructed the staff to not to leave the OPD before time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346724", "title": "Elevated rail corridor plans may see major changes", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railways' plans for a 60-km elevated high-speed rail corridor from Churchgate to Virar may undergo major changes due to concerns over cost and space.Lack of funds may force officials to reduce the underground component from Churchgate-Mumbai Central to Churchgate-Grant Road and there will not be any station at Vile Parle due to lack of space. The option of acquiring land is difficult due to astronomical land prices in the suburb, which is home to reputed educational institutes, besides being close to the domestic airport.A joint taskforce, which comprises senior officials from the state government and Western Railway, has been formed to look into issues related to land acquisition, floor space index and mode of funding, before work begins on the ground.The taskforce is not inclined to build the station and is keen to curtail the underground portion to save costs, which are likely to be more than Rs1,500 crore.A senior official said, \"It is unlikely the station will come at Vile Parle due to paucity of land. The area adjacent to the railway tracks is developed and it will not be possible to acquire the land as the cost of it in this suburb is among the costliest in Mumbai.\"Vile Parle falls between Andheri and Santa Cruz stations on the Western Railway route. The official said, \"The distance between Santa Cruz and Andheri is 4km and Vile Parle is in the middle. Commuters will not be inconvenienced much as they can travel to either station to board a high-speed elevated local.\"Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer, WR, confirmed discussions about Vile Parle but said nothing had been finalized.The taskforce felt the underground portion should either be terminated at Mahalaxmi or Grant Road stations.\"Building an underground network is costly and complicated; the cost is three times more than an elevated section. Moreover, adequate safety measures have to be in place in the underground network by way of providing proper ventilation and access points to deal with an emergency. The shorter the underground portion, the better,\" the official said.Beyond Mahalaxmi/Grant Road, the track will be elevated up to Santa Cruz station. Between Vile Parle and Andheri, where the airport is, the track will be at the ground level alongside the existing tracks as the area falls in the funnel of aircraft taking off.The track will be elevated between Andheri and Dahisar and later run at the ground level at Mira Road but will again be elevated just before Bhayander. It will again come down to the track level between Naigaon and Vasai, and then again be elevated till Virar.State urban development principal secretary T C Benjamin, Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( MMRDA) commissioner Rahul Asthana, and Western Railway principal chief engineer and chief administrative officer (construction) V Srihari and municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar are taskforce members.The taskforce will finalize details like the alignment of the elevated corridor, After that, a detailed engineering and financial study will be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346388", "title": "Cyclone makes Hyderabad sweat", "text": "HYDERABAD: The otherwise dipping minimum temperature has shot drastically over the last two days with the city recording 21 degrees Celsius. This season's lowest temperature has been 11.8 degrees. The weathermen attributed the six degree jump from the normal weather during this period to the cyclone. The normal temperature during this time hovers around 15 degrees, met officials said.\"The temperature has gone up because of the cyclone. This will remain more or less the same for a couple of days,\" said RV Subba Rao, assistant meteorologist, Met department. He further said that it is unusual to get rains during January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11345548", "title": "State\u2019s first power police station in city", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana's first irrigation and power police station has started functioning in Gurgaon in the new year.The station will exclusively deal with offences relating to theft of power and canal water under the provisions of the Indian Electricity Act and Sections 379, 430 and 431 of the IPC. Parminder Rai, director vigilance, said on Monday that the police station would cover Gurgaon and Mewat districts.Similar police stations would soon be set up in Ambala, Karnal, Rohtak, Jind, Rewari and Faridabad. The state government has already issued a notification to set up such police stations at these districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348779", "title": "Give 3 hoots!", "text": "A trio of American standup comedians of desi origin plan a comical riot in Chennai...\"I can't even get them to stir their tea without smashing a window.\" If you were one of those nodding your heads in guffaw-induced approval of Omar's lament in that witty political satire Four Lions, you might find the acts of this threesome, even more hilarious. A group of US-based standup comics of Indian origin, will present to Chennai, their rib-tickling show titled Make Chai Not War.The trio comprising Rajiv Satyal, Azhar Usman and Hari Kondabolu will showcase a barrel full of laughs, touching upon a variety of topics to tickle the funny bone of Chennai.Ask the team about the impetus of coming up with a show like this and Azhar explains, \"The show is the brainchild of Rajiv Satyal and I. We have each been doing standup for over a decade, and share similar philosophies concerning violence - we think it's terrible. A few years ago, we decided to produce a touring showcase of top Indian-American comic talent, to bring people together in laughter.\"The forte of these artists is personal standup acts. Each comic offers material from his unique POV. The act of honestly sharing one's thoughts, reflections, and ideas with audiences is where the artists find the funny.Giving us a teaser of what the city can look forward to, Azhar says, \"Chennai can expect three very funny standup comedians, testing new material and acclimating themselves to the south Indian environment. I promise that it will be fun, exciting, and experimental; in short a truly 'live' standup show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "11348286", "title": "Sindagi bandh complete and peaceful", "text": "BIJAPUR: The bandh call given by pro-Hindu organizations at Sindagi town in the district on Monday received good response. Organization heads along with the workers took out a huge procession on the main streets of the town demanding district administration to identify culprits who hoisted Pakistan flag in the tahashildar office premises and take action against them at the earliest. All business establishments remained closed due to bandh call. School and colleges declared holiday.Political parties and various organizations extended support to the bandh. Buses avoided the interior roads and plied on the ring road which is 5km from the town limits.There were clashes between police and the agitators in some places. SP D C Rajappa and Indi DSP Mutturaj controlled the situation. Over all, the bandh was complete and peaceful.Meanwhile, Kannada Development Authority president Mukhyamantri Chandru said he will speak to the home minister and urge him to take action against the miscreants responsible for hoisting Pakistan flag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11344638", "title": "Education dept eager to tap Pravasi Divas' potential", "text": "JAIPUR: The education department - including schools, higher education and technical education - are at their wit's end to portray Rajasthan as the potential education hub before the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas (PBD) delegates for attracting investment in education sector.Education minister, Brij Kishore Sharma is rolling up his sleeves to highlight the department's schemes, policies, achievements and potential in elementary, secondary and senior secondary education.\"Of the total 1,500 delegates, many of them are business honchos, technocrats and academicians and can provide us technical, intellectual and financial support for nurturing our schemes and system,\" added Sharma.The technical education department is going through a bad phase with 150 engineering and 134 management colleges vying for students. They are hoping for collaborations and tie-ups to enhance quality of education and give a fillip to the job opportunities for students.Even the private education players want to take advantage of the event. Dr Balvir Tomar, chancellor of NIMS University in Jaipur and associate sponsor of the event, feels growth of medical, engineering and management institutes is a remarkable achievement of the state.\"I don't see any reason why we can't get assistance from our fellow Indians residing abroad. They are always eager to contribute to the development of India in whatever way they can. The presence of educationists, especially Chancellor and president of Houston University , Renu Khatore, will be an enriching experience for the host city,\" said Tomar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345829", "title": "Congress seeks common ground with TMC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress maintained caution on Trinamool Congress's veto on Lokpal, saying it would not affect the stability of the ruling coalition that had held firm over the last seven and half years.AICC spokesman Manish Tiwari said the government would talk to Trinamool to find common ground on Lokpal, calling its opposition to the Bill as \"different political understanding\" of an issue. He said, \"Last seven and half years have shown that notwithstanding the prophets of doom, UPA has held firm and delivered, and would continue to do so.\"He, however, underlined that Mamata Banerjee's party had supported the Bill which was passed in Lok Sabha. As the Lokpal debate rages with the government blaming BJP for engineering 187 amendments to sabotage the legislation, Congress maintained the strategy of differentiating between saffron hostility to the law and that of Trinamool which it attributed to a regional party's concerns over federalism. \"If BJP was fine with the Lok Sabha Bill, then it could have allowed it in RS too. It is an issue of intent. BJP is taking one stand inside Parliament and another outside,\" he said.Tiwari accused BJP of negative politics during the year which he said started with telecom scam. \"BJP tried its best to create a spectre of negativism on 2G issue. A year later, the jury is still out in JPC if CAG had the authority to calculate presumptive loss,\" he said.Tiwari said the negativism had impacted the investment and growth climate and pointed out that all politics had to be in national interest. \"opposition by opposition for the sake of opposing is not its only signature tune and let us hope sanity and reason would prevail. I hope 2012 would usher in an era of positive politics,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345776", "title": "BJP questions Pranab, PM\u2019s role in RS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Main opposition BJP launched another tirade against the government for spreading \"baseless\" stories about BJP's role in the Lokpal disaster in Rajya Sabha. Now, the party is increasingly targeting finance minister Pranab Mukherjee for his role in the drama, and on Monday sought to know his role in the farcical dying stages of the debate on December 29.\"Today we want to know from finance minister Pranab Mukherjee why he remained silent when this murder of democracy was being perpetrated. Is it because he already knew what was going to happen and so decided to keep quiet,\" said BJP's chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad.BJP defended the opposition's decision to move 187 amendments, saying it was its right to do so. \"If you (the government) can handle 76 amendments, why not 187? Leader of opposition Arun Jaitley as well as Trinamool had moved their amendments on December 28 itself... Is it a crime to move amendments? Each member can move one,\" Prasad said.The BJP leader maintained that there is perhaps no precedent, where a Bill had not been passed as there were too many amendments. \"Moreover, most amendments related only to three issues of appointment and removal of Lokpal, autonomy to the CBI and Lokayukta not being formed by a Central law. Parliament knew every detail of the issue. The government is behaving as if the sky would fall due to these amendments,\" he added.Prasad also posed questions for Congress and insisted on a clarification from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh himself. \"On December 28, members of Rajya Sabha got copies of the Bill passed by Lok Sabha. Why was the debate not started in Upper House after lunch the same day? A supplementary agenda on the Whistleblower Bill was moved at 3 pm, but not on the Lokpal Bill,\" Prasad said.BJP maintained that Congress used the two days after Lok Sabha approved the Bill to try and manage its ally, particularly Trinamool.Prasad tore into the PM for not speaking on the issue in Rajya Sabha. \"The Prime Minister is a member of Rajya Sabha. Pranab Mukherjee chose to keep quiet and even the Prime Minister did not intervene...Now the Prime Minister has given a New Year message saying his government will make strong efforts to fight corruption as if to accept that this was not being done till now,\" Prasad said.Taking on Congress criticism, BJP insisted that the ruling party has a \"peculiar DNA\" which is seen in its reactions. \"If there is any criticism of Congress its leaders say the person is a \"fascist, is trying to destabilize the government and seeking to derail democracy.\" Prasad added, \"The whole event was choreographed and players were fixed. Lalu Prasad (RJD chief), whom I have never seen in the visitors gallery, spent hours there during the debate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11345200", "title": "Poor spending of Plan funds irks WRD minister", "text": "PATNA: Water resources department (WRD) minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhary at a meeting with engineers on Monday expressed annoyance over the slow pace of plan expenditure against of the budgetary allocation and presentation of figures different from those provided to the monitoring cell. He directed that orders be issued to hold all superintending engineers responsible for such lapses in future.The minister, who held a special meeting with WRD principal secretary Afzal Amanullah and engineers, asked for speedy spending of funds allocated for different schemes and proper utilization of money. He said engineers found not spending the budgetary amount would be taken to task.The WRD budget is worth Rs 2,358 crore and it has still not been spent as per estimate. \"The engineers surrendering the money will face harsh action,\" the minister said. He also asked them to penalize the contractors who did not work as per agreement.One of the reasons for non-utilization of the allocated funds is said to be non-acquisition of land for various projects. Chaudhary asked the director, land acquisition, to monitor the land acquisition work every week and report to the department. The meeting was attended, among others, by engineer-in-chief Devi Rajak, chief engineer (north) Rajeshwar Dayal, chief engineer, planning and monitoring, Harinarayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11346136", "title": "Howzzat! Imran may join hands with Mush", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The political scene in Pakistan appears to be heating up, with the cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan's Tehrik-e-Insaf party indicating that it is open to an alliance with former military ruler Pervez Musharraf .The party's new vicechairman Shah Mahmood Qureshi said a decision on forming an alliance with Musharraf 's All Pakistan Muslim League will be taken in due course of time after considering circumstances.His comments come in the wake of political ripples triggered by the 'memogate' scandal , which has put the country's army and the executives at loggerheads, leading to speculation of possibility of early polls and new political alignments.During an interaction with the media in Multan on Sunday, Qureshi said, \"People from every political party are joining the Tehrik-e-Insaf .\" The party is not \"just a trend\" as it represents \"an ideology against the status quo\" , he said.Qureshi further said that if all lawmakers of the main opposition PML-N decided to resign from parliament, the PPP-led government would be left with no option but to call an early election.The Tehrik-e-Insaf is in no hurry to gain power, said Qureshi , a former foreign minister .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11344790", "title": "Malviya Nagar murder: Accused consumed alcohol before murder", "text": "JAIPUR: One of the brothers Umrao Singh Tank told TOI: \"We had given advertisements in newspapers for another domestic help. A 25-year-old man, claiming himself to be Kunal Kumar, came on December 29 in response to the ad and sought employment,\" said Umrao Singh.He added that he interviewed Kunal and told him that they would consider. \"I then went to my house in Sodala and came to know that he had turned up at Vijay's house suddenly on December 31 evening with his luggage and begged Munni Devi to give him a chance,\" said Umrao Singh. The woman was kind-hearted and told Kunal to work for a couple of days on trial basis.\"Going by the spot's forensic examination, it seems that Kunal had consumed a Black Label bottle before the murder. It is being verified whether Raghuveer had also consumed alcohol with him,\" said commissioner Soni.An employee of Vijay's firm, who live in the neighbourhood, came in the morning to check on Munni Devi. After getting no response, he entered the main gate and then found the house's entrance gate bolted from outside.He found Raghuveer's body in the hall and that of Munni Devi in her bedroom. He informed the police.Police found that all the almirahs and other places had been checked. \"If any jewellery or cash is missing will be known only after Vijay returns from Bangkok on Tuesday,\" said an officer.\"Kunal is missing. He had given a voter ID card to Umrao Singh which seems to be fake as it has no address except for the city Patna. His references and the address of a relative near MI Road are also bogus,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346759", "title": "17 babies born in city hospitals on January 1", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The new year saw 17 new lives beginning in city's public hospitals. Some of the well-known private clinics also registered one or two births each.Dr Indu Prabhar, gynaecologist at a Sector-16 based clinic, said, \"There was no fad for New Year babies this time. That was the case when millennium was approaching.\"All deliveries in public hospitals were emergency cases. Kiran, a resident of Mohali, who gave birth to her first child, had not planned her delivery. \"The delivery was due. It just happened on January 1,\" she said.\"We expect many planned deliveries on Lohri. Most of the people, especially in Punjab, consider Lohri auspicious,\" said Dr Ritambra Bhalla, a Mohali-based gynaecologist.Deepa Malhotra, a resident of Panchkula had decided that she would have the delivery through Caesarean section on Lohri. \"But as I had labour pains, I was brought to the hospital at 3am on Saturday. My family had planned a grand celebration on Lohri.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11345638", "title": "At last, IFFCO Chowk slip road work begins", "text": "GURGAON: The work on building a slip road at IFFCO Chowk has finally started after a series of delays.The lack of a slip road to enable non-stop traffic flow from MG Road to Rajiv Chowk has been one of the main causes of long traffic jams at the spot. The illegal liquor vends operating in the green belt, which were major obstructions, were removed on Monday by the department. Owing to a legal order, no construction was allowed on the land there.The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, had issued notice to the owners of liquor vends a few days ago and the slip road construction started early Monday morning. Kumar visited the site early morning and got the shops removed. It was earlier planned by the traffic department and HUDA that the disputed portion would be bypassed and then the road would be connected to the expressway.The bus stop would be developed on the lines of Dhaula Kuan in Delhi and would provide space for the intercity and interstate transport. According to Kumar, the slip road would be a four-lane road. \"The encroachment on the 150-metre-long and 45-metre-wide patch of land was cleared today. The traffic flow will be easy now as the buses and the autos will stop at the marked space. Vehicles will not be allowed to stop after the zebra crossing.\"The adjoining hotel has also started removing the trees from the encroached portion of land for maintaining the green belt. The proposed bus stop will come up in the HUDA green belt just a few hundred metres ahead of the traffic signal on the left side of the carriageway on the Jaipur side.The opening of the slip road, leading from MG Road towards IFFCO Chowk, will provide signal-free left turn passage to vehicles going towards Rajiv Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11346941", "title": "Virtual Makeover For Govt", "text": "The Tamil Nadu government is in the final stage of launching cloud computing to make its websites and online services faster and more efficient. Currently, the government depends on private agencies to maintain websites. With cloud computing, a state data centre will take care of the services and websites of government departments.The data centre is being set up by the Centre for Developing Advanced Computing, under the communications and information technology ministry, which will also maintain it.Cloud computing is a technology that uses the internet and remote servers to maintain data and applications . Essentially, all government data and services will be stored virtually, instead of on different internal networks. Government employees will have to use just one web-based application, like Internet Explorer, to work on delivering services like issuing certificates.For users, it will mean sites loading faster. For instance , last year, when the employment exchange tried to register applicants on its website, the system crashed as it could not handle the heavy user traffic. A senior government official said with the new system, this would not happen, since all data would be stored on remote servers that make use of the internet and hence, be able to handle user traffic.\"The school education department could make use of this system to facilitate renewal of certificates and correction of marksheets online,\" the official said. \"We are in the final stage of the design and the service will be available to government departments soon,\" he said.\"We spend several crores on maintenance of government websites and online services. With the new system, departments can put all forms such as public service commission applications online. We will not have to worry about websites hanging if too many people access them at the same time,\" said a senior official from Electronics Corporation of Tamil Nadu (ELCOT).He said that many private educational institutions , including SRM University and Sastra University , were shifting their administrative and academic functions to cloud computing platforms.\"Apart from just using it to download application forms, college authorities can manage the entire admission process and academic programmes with cloud systems. Cloud computing can also be used to speed up teaching online,\" said the official.The Jammu and Kashmir government earlier implemented cloud computing for public services. In Tamil Nadu, land revenue, birth and death certificates are available online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11349350", "title": "China ahead of India in science, need to invest more: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Noting that India's position in the field of science has been overtaken by China, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday sought an increase in spending on scientific research to at least two per cent of GDP and enhanced contribution from industry.\"As far as resources are concerned, the fraction of the GDP spent on R&D; in India has been too low and stagnant,\" he said inaugurating the 99th Indian Science Congress at the sprawling KIIT campus here.\"Over the past few decades, India's position in the world of science had been declining and we have been overtaken by countries like China. Things are changing but we cannot be satisfied with what has been achieved. We need to do much more to change the fate of Indian science,\" Singh said.He said the aim should be to increase the total R&D; spending as a percentage of the GDP to two per cent by the end of the 12th Plan period from the current level of about 0.9 per cent.\"This can only be achieved if industry, which contributes about one third of the total R&D; expenditure today, increases its contribution.I believe public sector undertakings especially in the engineering sector should play a major role in this expansion,\" he said.In a bid to push research in niche areas, the Prime Minister said the government was examining a proposal to build national capacity and capability in supercomputing which will be implemented by the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore at an estimated cost of Rs 5,000 crore.He said there is another proposal for setting up a Neutrino Observatory at Theni in Tamil Nadu at a cost of Rs 1350 crore to study the fundamental particles that form the universe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346756", "title": "Jayalalithaa's dance guru Sarasa dead", "text": "CHENNAI: For veteran dance guru K J Sarasa , disciples were her wealth . And that's why when she died on Monday dueto a brief illness ,TamilN adu chief minister J Jayalalithaa immediately released a condolence message , saying how the death of the 79-year-old was a big loss to those involved in the field of Bharatanatyam .No one would know this better than Jayalalithaa who was a student of Sarasa in the late 1960 s. \"Ithinkitwasbefore entering movies that Jayalalithaa started learning dance under Sarasa teacher . Although there was a gurukula system of school functioning at her home in Mandaveli , Jayalalithaa never stayed there ,\" says senior Bharatanatyam dancer V P Dhananjayan .A lot of actresses those days used to prefer women teachers to learn dance . Though Jayalalithaa was trained under Sarasa , she did her arangetram or first performance under veteran K N Dhandayuthapani Pillai , a relative of Sarasa .Bharatanatyamdancer Urmila Sathyanarayanan says her teacher used to talk a lot about Jayalalithaa , who happened to be in the first batch of students Sarasa had in Chennai . \"My teacher was always proud of having students like Jayalalithaa . She would tell us how quick and sharp she was in learning even the most difficult lessons . She was always a favourite student and there was a good relationship between them ,\" says Sathyanarayanan ,oneof thedisciplesof Sarasa .Hailing from Karaikal , Sarasa'sfather Jagadeesan was a nagaswaram artist . When she was six , her father died. With the help of a relative , she came to Chennai and set up 'Sarasalaya' , a dance school in 1960 .Over the years , the institution has produced a number of dancers . Besides Jayalalithaa , Sarasa also trained actor Kamal Haasan , writer Sivasankari and a number of other dancers . A recipient of the best Bharatanatyam teacher by the Sangita Nataka Academy and the Kalaimamani award , Sarasa was the first woman nattuvanar (one who sings and plays the cymbals and conducts the dance recital ).Sarara's contribution to dance is difficult to count . \"She had contributed immensely in the field of Bharatanatyam besides being the first woman nattuvanar ,\" said Jayalalithaa in the tribute to her guru .She leaves behind her sisters . She was unmarried . nagaswaram artist. When she was six, her father died. With the help of a relative, she came to Chennai and set up a dance school called 'Sarasalaya' in 1960 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11345589", "title": "Online slots for passports to be increased to 2,500 from today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Woes of passport applicants are likely to end soon with the Regional Passport Office (RPO), Hyderabad, deciding to enhance the number of online slots to 2,500, including tatkal, from Monday. Till now, the RPO was releasing around 1,800 slots every day for applicants from 18 districts.\"We used to receive, on an average, 1,800 to 2,000 passport applications per day through online, eSeva centers and post offices. In view of increasing number of applications, we have increased online slots from 1,800 to 2,500 at six passport seva kendras (PSKs) (Begumpet, Ameerpet, Tolichowki, Nizamabad, Tirupati and Vijayawada). From Monday (January 2), 2,500 slots will be available online,\" regional passport officer K Srikar Reddy told TOI.Initially, 1,800 online slots were allotted for the different PSKs in the city and elsewhere. \"Based on complaints from applicants, we decided to increase the slots. We have allotted 550 slots for Begumpet PSK, 450 for Ameerpet and 350 for Tolichowki. Subsequently, Tirupati was given 400 slots, Nizamabad and Vijayawada 350 slots each. Slots will be released every day at 6 pm,\" he added.As per norms, applicants, who get appointment after booking their slots online, have to visit the nearest PSK and produce the necessary documents. \"We have received reports from PSKs that nearly 15% applicants, who had booked slots online, are not turning up for document verification. Once the applicant fails to show up for verification, their appointment will be cancelled and they have to apply afresh,\" the RPO clarified.The RPO plans to start a new PSK in Karimnagar district in the next five months. Karimnagar tops the list of passport seekers in Telangana districts after Nizamabad and Warangal. \"In view of huge number of applicants from Karimnagar, we have decided to open a PSK there,\" Srikar Reddy said. Till January 31, passport applications could be submitted at the offices of superintendents of police (SP offices) in Nizamabad, Warangal, Karimnagar, Adilabad, Medak, Khammam, Nalgonda, Mahbubnagar, Kadapa, Kurnool, Guntur and Chittoor, the RPO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346822", "title": "After NHRC intervention, family of dead prisoner gets higher relief", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has enhanced the compensation to the family of a prisoner who committed suicide in jail after the intervention of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). Of the Rs 1 lakh sanctioned to the family , Rs 33,334 was disbursed to the victim's wife, Nambuthai . The rest was deposited in at the Rameswaram post office in the names of her two minor children .The matter related to 29-year-old R P Murugan , son of Ponnandi Konar , who was remanded at Madurai central prison . He had tried to commit suicide by hanging on May 20, 2009 anddiedwhilebeing taken toGovernmentR ajajiHospital , Madurai . While the commission passed an order directing state authorities to increase the financial relief by Rs 50,000 in March 2011, no proof of paymentwassubmittedthereafter .Through its proceedings in June 2011, the NHRC reminded the chief secretary to transmit a copy of the proof of payment within six weeks. In response , state authorities informed the commission two months later that one part of the compensation amount of Rs 1 lakh was disbursed to the victim's wife and the rest deposited in the names of the children .A compliance report for this case was the only one that was submitted to NHRC by the governmentin November 2011. The commission received 47 such compliance reports from different public authorities across the country which showed that a sum of Rs 94 ,90 ,000 was paid to victims of human rights violations or their next of kin .The maximum number of compliance reports was furnished by the Uttar Pradesh governmentfor 11cases ,which included custodial deaths , encounter deaths , abduction and abuse of power by the police and indignity towards women . A sum of Rs 10 lakh was the highest compensation awarded in an individual case (death in a policeencounter )by theUP government .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "11346549", "title": "Manohar: Will go by rule book on disqualifications", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: Speaker Nadendla Manohar has asserted that he would go by the principles and rules either to accept or reject the resignations of legislators and that no one could force him to take a decision in a hurry on the disqualification of Jagan loyalist MLAs.He said that there are well-established procedures and principles. Speaking to reporters here on Monday, no one including courts could question the decision of the speaker on the disqualification issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "11350883", "title": "SL govt says ready to consider land, police powers for states", "text": "COLOMBO: The Sri Lankan government today appeared to soften its stance on the issue of transferring land and police powers to the provinces in the devolution package being discussed with the major Tamil party TNA.The thorny issues have kept the ongoing talks between the government and the Tamil National Alliance heated up, and the government said in a statement that it was ready to consider its scope as demanded by the Tamil group.\"Though the government is concerned about giving land and police powers to the provinces, it is prepared to consider its scope provided the Tamil National Alliance put forward its proposals at the talks with the government,\" a statement from government spokesman and minister Keheliya Rambukwella said.\"Dealing with day to day affairs such as smaller crimes and complaints could be dealt with by provincial authorities,\" the statement added.This is in complete contrast to a statement by Rambukwella last week wherein he dismissed in earnest even the idea of talks centered on the issue of tranferring land and police powers.Citing the Indian experience on police powers, Rambukwella said a similar scenario would be detrimental to Sri Lanka,which is even smaller in size than several Indian states.Analysts feel that the latest government position could be aimed at keeping the dialogue with the TNA alive as there were murmurs that the party might pull out of talks citing the government's rigid position on the contentious issue.The two sides have so far held 18 rounds of talks with three more rounds scheduled to take place this month and the dialogue had entered a rough phase.Only last week, President Mahinda Rajapaksa had asked the main Tamil party to shed their rigid pre-conditions and LTTE-like mentality.The TNA is often criticised for acting as proxies to the now-vanquished separatist outfit LTTE, who fought an over three-decade long armed campaign for a separate state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11344188", "title": "Fake Naxal handed over to cops", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Variragad villagers in Armori tehsil nabbed a pseudo Naxalite and handed him over to the police on Monday. In November last year, the accused Dharma Nevare had abducted and abused a woman while shamming as a Naxalite.Naxals following their leader Kishanji's encountered death were on arson spree. Cashing in on the charged situation, Nevare abducted the woman from her house in Variragad. tnnHe later outraged her modesty on knife point and abandoned her the following morning. Villagers based on the description given by the woman suspected Nevare who formerly resided in Variragad. Villagers caught Nevare from Kitali village and handed him over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11349643", "title": "Now, get school info on Google Earth", "text": "MANGALORE: Very soon, photographs and other details of all schools in the state will be uploaded to the Google Earth website and people across the world can locate any government, aided or private school by logging on to it.Under the state government project being taken up through the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyana (SSA), photos of all 69,750 schools with names and addresses are being uploaded to the website which gives geographical locations of buildings and streets.It's ironical that a government which had objected Google's Street View on the grounds of security is actively participating in this project.According to sources in the SSA state programme office, 70% of the work has been completed. The first phase, being taken up with technical support of the National Informatics Centre (NIC), is expected to be completed by January 31.However, people will be able to locate a school with details including latitude and longitude only after the completion of the validation process in July. SSA officials will check all uploaded details thoroughly before the public have access to it.Details are being uploaded using software designed by Wizard Technologies , Bangalore. SSA had directed all schools to send six photographs of front, side, back and top views with good resolution before December 31.However, 30% of schools haven't sent photos and other details. Schools in 22 districts have already sent photos and details, sources said, adding that the first phase will be ready by the June-end and open to the pubic in July.SSA plans to incorporating more information regarding each school in the state in the next phase. These include number of students, number of teachers, infrastructure and other geographical features.The project will not only help people to locate schools, but also will be of great use for the government to implement development schemes for schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "raipurrani (panchkula)", "code": "11346591", "title": "\u2018Rahul brawled habitually\u2019", "text": "RAIPURRANI (PANCHKULA): Though most neighbours in the nondescript home town of Rahul Sahu, 25, the main accused in the double murder of siblings in Chandigarh on December 16 last year, were aware of his drug addiction, involvement in street brawls and scuffles but the murder allegations against him have come as a surprise for them. Rahul's family had moved here from Delhi around 17 years ago.Pardeep Kumar, a neighbour, who has a shop in the main bazaar here is angry because different police teams had come calling at his doorstep over the last one week asking about Rahul's whereabouts, whose family too was summoned by the Chandigarh police last week for questioning.\"Such things don't happen in this small town,\" he said, while adding \"Rahul was quarrelsome by nature and he had also humiliated Jagan Nath, the maternal uncle of the deceased siblings (Gurang and Kavita) at a family function here about two years ago.\"Pawan Kumar, 52, the landlord who has rented the ground floor of his one storey house to Rahul's family said, \"I was aware about his addiction and knew he indulged in street brawls and scuffles but I never imagined that he could commit such a heinous crime.\"Pawan had rented the ground floor of his house to Amar Chand Sahu, father of the prime accused in the murder case, Rahul, around a year ago and before that the family had spent around 16 years in another rented accommodation in the same locality.Sunita Devi, who too is a resident of the main bazaar said, \"We always kept a distance from him due to his addiction, and sometimes we heard about verbal altercations between Rahul and his family members.\" Chaman Lal, a member of Raipurrani's local body, said, \"It is the first time that we have heard of somebody from Raipur Rani indulging in such a heinous crime,\" while adding the entire family left town on December 27.Lal said various teams of police personnel in plain clothes have been visiting the town for the last one week and the Sahu family has become the hot topic of discussion in the area.Accused Rahul is the second son of Amar Chand, who is a government teacher with the Haryana education department. Rahul had been admitted to three different drug addiction centres in Ambala and Karnal districts of Haryana but he could not give up his addiction. Naresh Kumar, Rahul's elder brother, is married and his younger brother Kaisar is a bachelor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346417", "title": "Old City humming its own 'Kolaveri' tune", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Old City is humming the 'Kolaveri di' song, albeit in a different language. A yet another new version of the hit number, this time in Arabic, and with the Arabic phrase 'khalli walli' (just let it be) replacing Kolaveri, has found its way onto laptops of professionals, ipods of youngsters and in homes of families and friends of expatriates from Old City now working in the Middle East. 'Khalli walli', a term popularised by Indians working in the Middle East, has struck a chord with many as the Arabic rendition, 'Why this khalli walli', sung by Faez Choudhary retains the sarcasm of the original whilst highlighting the exploitation of the expatriates from Indian subcontinent working in Saudi Arabia.A large part of the workforce in Saudi Arabia comprises Indians; Hyderabadis from the Old City in particular. It seems that Arabs have gained notoriety not only for marrying young girls from Hyderabad, but also for treating expatriates badly.\"More often than not, it is the unskilled worker who is exploited by his kafeel (sponsor),\" says Ahmed Shareef, from Hussaini Alam who works in Jeddah in Saudi Arabia. \"With the strict immigration rules, it is impossible to find jobs without being associated with a kafeel, who along with the authorities extends the iqama (stay permit) once every two years. Apart from the nominal fee charged by the authorities, the whimsical kafeel sometimes charges a third of the expatriates' yearly income,\" he adds.The singer complains of the abject lack of work ethics as he bemoans 'insan insan, ana insane, maafi haiwaan' (human human, I'm a human being, not an animal). \"The Nitaqat Programme, also known as Saudization, seeks to encourage the private sector to employ Saudis instead of foreign nationals, which has put livelihoods of Indians under threat,\" says Bheem Reddy of the Migrants Rights Council.In accordance with the prevailing scenario in the Middle East, the video shows an expatriate pleading with the kafeel and even kissing his hand to transfer his sponsorship to another kafeel because he has found a better paying job, only to be severely reproached and threatened with deportation. \"Maafi raahah, maafi noum. Esh haadha ya habibi? (There is no respite, I cannot sleep. What do I do my friend?),\" he laments.\"Those who venture out to find better jobs too are admonished and threatened with deportation,\" says Faisal Khan (name changed), another expatriate from Mughalpura, who now works as a project coordinator in a hospital in Jeddah. \"I had to pay a whopping 6,000 riyals (Rs 84,000) to transfer my sponsorship to a company and had to struggle for months to raise the amount which I borrowed from family and friends in Hyderabad. There are many more like me,\" Khan observes.He feels that a tax free remuneration which leads to an increase in savings is what drives people to choose the Middle East as a destination for making a living. \"Like all, they too want a better future for their families,\" he says.Sarcasm turns sardonic as the singer beseeches his employer, 'sawwi shai, ghazal sayyara, nazaf kullu bait (I'll make tea for you, I'll wash your car, I'll clean your house)'; all on deaf ears. There isn't much the lonely expatriate in an alien land can do but reassure himself: khalli walli, khalli walli; let it be, let it be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11345510", "title": "UID centre closed for now in Sector 4", "text": "GURGAON: Enrolment for the unique identification project in Sector 4 has stopped within days of its launch after a tiff between the RWA and the private firm assigned for the drive.The Sector 4 RWA has protested the firm's demand for board and lodging arrangements for its employees.Earlier, the RWA representatives had an argument with the company officials over the faulty machines and shortage of manpower. \"Opening of the UID centre or shutting it down can't be based on the whims and fancy of the company officials,\" said an RWA member.The Sector 4 community centre was selected as a venue for UID enrolment and it was supposed to cover over 50,000 residents living in nearby areas. However, only 100 residents were enrolled at the centre last week.On the other hand, the company officials claimed that the RWA didn't cooperate with them. \"The RWA was interfering in our operations. We will open the centre again in the next two days to ensure that residents don't face problems.\" Responding to the complaints of missing power back-up, he said: \"The power back-up will be made available soon. Our demand of lodging arrangement is justified because of the weather conditions. Moreover, we can't leave equipment worth lakhs in an unguarded room.\"Meanwhile, the enrolment centre at Sushant Lok had to be closed for a while because of overcrowding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11345058", "title": "Gurgaon fumes at police inaction", "text": "GURGAON: The mayhem caused by a bunch of revellers outside Sahara Mall on Saturday night was murkier than what has come to light, say eyewitnesses. At least a dozen women were molested despite the presence of cops on the busy M G Road. But, instead of cracking down on the miscreants, Gurgaon police shooed away the unruly crowd. So far, only one FIR has been filed against unknown persons for obstructing public servants from carrying out their duty.Residents say the bid to abduct and molest only one woman, which has been reported till now, was just the tip of the ice-berg. They recalled many similar horror stories.\"It was appalling to see inebriated youth trying to stop vehicles on M G Road. My friends, who were present at the scene, told me that the mob molested numerous women party-goers. It's unfortunate that such incidents are repeated year after year and nothin is done to curb them,\" said Atul Batra, president of Hertitage City RWA. He was returning home from a dinner party at the time.Gurgaon police commissioner K K Sindhu said, \"It was a huge crowd, mostly outsiders. We will make arrests as soon as miscreants are identified.\" How that will happen remains to be seen since senior cops are waiting for women to lodge complaints. No case of molestation has been registered even 48 hours after the incident.However, other top cops in Haryana beg to differ. \"A case can be registered on the complaint of a police officer who has witnessed the crime. The police is sending out a wrong message by letting the culprits go scot free,\" said one of them.According to advocate Harish Malhotra, cops can take suo moto action in situations like these. \"Were they waiting for the mob to commit a cognizable offense like rape. The police has preventive powers and could have made arrests,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11350549", "title": "2012: Will IT cos be more open to telecommuting?", "text": "Anita Guha has been working from her home in Mumbai for the past ten years. She facilitates leadership development programmes for IBM. She opted to work from home when she had her second daughter. She didn't want to miss out on her children's early years.Later she found herself taking on mostly global roles, where she could be more productive at home than in a regional office. She could also save time on commuting to work. IBM was fine with the arrangement.Guha says not everybody in IBM was happy with the deal she received. \"But IBM has moved a long way since then. There are lots more people working from home today, many men too, at least partially, and nobody raises an eyebrow anymore,\" she says.In India, IBM has perhaps been the earliest to push this trend, and it is today one of the most progressive on this count, making it the envy of many in other companies. But increasingly, thanks partly to these early leaders and partly to technologies that make working from home almost a seamless experience, more and more companies are making the option available to employees.It's trending Google offers employees in India flexible work timings and the authority to define their own schedule and type of work. SAP's rulebook allows employees to work one day a week from home. Some have formal work-from-home policies, but with the condition that employees have to work out the execution of it with their manager. Some do not have formal policies, but have become flexible enough to allow managers to take a call on it.Today you hear more and more of Anita Guha-like instances . Saritha Raghavan, HR solutions analyst at Juniper, had been advised by her doctor to take special care when she was expecting a baby. \"Since my parents lived in Kerala and my spouse had an extremely busy work schedule, it was very difficult for me to cope alone.Juniper supported me at this juncture and permitted me to work from Kerala,\" she says.Vishak Gopinath, part of the corporate communications team at Cisco India, says he frequently works from home. \"I also often leave the office early to beat the evening traffic , and then work from home,\" he says.Rony Thomas, corporate communications manager at HP India, says the facility has been a boon for him ever since he and wife Priya , who also works, had a baby 19 months ago. He says the focus in HP is on getting the work done. \"A lot of people take calls late in the night or early morning, so we are flexible about the day timings. You have to work it out with the manager,\" he says.Manager is key In most companies, it ultimately depends on the manager, and a stuck-up manager can ruin things for his team. There are certain duties that lend themselves more easily to remote working, and managers in these functions may be more liberal. \"In my finance team, everyone is allowed to work from home once a week,\" says an Accenture employee who did not want to be named.And when she had a baby a few months ago, there were times when she worked up to three days a week from home. But it may not be so simple for those who are in engineering teams with strict deadlines to meet, or certain critical administrative or security roles, or where remote access is low.It also depends on the maturity of employees. \"We may not allow junior employees, those who have recently joined to work from home. The manager has to reach a certain comfort level with them before he allows that,\" says Subash Babu, manager for technical documentation at Juniper. That's because work-from-home entails a certain discipline; those who do it are expected to perform their duties as though they are in the office.They should be reachable at any point, they should respond to emails within a reasonable time. \"I have had experiences where I have not been able to reach people who work from home,\" Babu says.Anita Guha of IBM also says the system ultimately works on trust and goal setting. \"It takes time to build that trust. You have micromanagers who get irritated if, say, they hear traffic noises in the background when they are on a call with some one who is supposed to be working from home. So goalsetting is important, and managers should let the employee decide how he or she would meet those goals,\" Guha says.To institutionalise flexibility in teams or groups where flexible work options have been difficult to operationalise, Accenture in India has piloted an initiative called 'Project Santulan' to identify those specific roles and 'flexidise' and 'unbundle' them. \"What it essentially means is that we would look into each and every role and identify components of it, which could be done flexibly,\" Accenture says.That could make it easier for managers and members of teams across the organization to agree on work-from-home arrangements.Improving productivity A major reason why companies are accepting work-from-home as an option is the recognition that in many conditions it actually increases employee productivity and retention. In some cases the increase is because of the mental comfort it brings, in others because of the elimination of long commute times.For companies that still worry that working from home can be a disadvantage may want to consider the performance of IBM's Guha. Her team developed a programme in Second Life to help managers become inclusive leaders. Last year, the team won the prestigious Brandon Hall gold award for excellence in technology for this programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345346", "title": "Finance secy incumbent reluctant to take charge", "text": "KOLKATA: H K Dwivedi, the new choice for the post of finance secretary in the state, is reluctant to assume his new office. Dwivedi, at present the secretary of the excise department, reportedly met chief secretary Samar Ghosh and pleaded with him not to make him the secretary of the finance department.Sources at Writers' Buildings said the excise secretary had said he was not confident enough to assume the post - especially since the state is going through the worst financial crisis ever. Ironically, current finance secretary C M Bachhawat, too, is pleading with the government to transfer him to a relatively lighter post. He has been citing his ill health for his disability to handle such a post.Mamata had admitted in an interview that her finance secretary (a qualified CA) was looking for \"less responsible\" postings on grounds of ill health. She is believed to have told Dwivedi to take charge either from next month or after the current fiscal year. But it seems, most IAS officers (not Dwivedi alone) are shying away from the post of the finance secretary.The reason is simple enough. The government had inherited a Rs 2 lakh-crore debt from the Left regime. Even as Mamata, with her clout in Delhi, had managed to secure a Rs 9,000-crore bailout package from her UPA ally, the state continues to reel under acute fiscal crisis. Things are not likely to look up and the government is unlikely to achieve its target 30% growth in the remaining period of the fiscal. The rate is currently hovering around 16%. Under the circumstances, the finance secretary will be under tremendous pressure especially with the chief minister going on a job-creating spree (she has already announced around 2 lakh new posts).Kolkata: Even as the Mamata Banerjee government was prepared to let current finance sectetary C M Bachhawat go, the new choice, H K Dwivedi, too, is as reluctant to assume the post. Dwivedi, now secretary, excise department, has reportedly met chief secretary Samar Ghosh, pleading with him not to make him the finance secretary.Sources at Writers' Buildings said the excise secretary has said that he is not confident enough to assume the post - especially since the state is going through the worst financial crisis ever. Ironically, the current finance secretary C M Bachhawat, too, is pleading with the government to transfer him to a relatively lighter post. He has been citing his ill health for his disability to handle such a post as responsible as the finance secretary's.Mamata herself had admitted in a television interview about her proficient finance secretary (a qualified chartered accountant) looking for \"less responsible\" postings on grounds of ill-health. The CM is believed to have told Dwivedi to take charge either from next month or after the current fiscal year. But it seems, most IAS officers (not Dwivedi alone) are shying away from the post of the finance secretary.The reason is simple enough. The Mamata Banerjee government had inherited a Rs 2 lakh-crore debt from the erstwhile Left Front. Even as the chief minister, with her clout in Delhi, had managed to secure a Rs 9,000-crore bailout package from her UPA ally, the Congress, the state continues to reel under acute fiscal crisis. Things are not likely to look up, and the new government is unlikely to achieve its target 30 per cent growth in the remainder of the fiscal year. The growth rate is currently hovering around 16 per cent. Under the circumstances, the finance secretary will be under tremendous pressure specially with the chief minister going on a job-creating spree (she has already announced around 2 lakh new posts).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11344978", "title": "Siblings found dead, property angle probed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A brother and sister duo was allegedly found murdered at their residence in the Ranjit Nagar area of central Delhi on Monday night. The deceased have been identified as Vishal (19) and Shivani (23). Their father owns a hotel business. Police sources said they had been hit by a blunt object.The incident was reported around 8.45pm from the first floor of house number 3341 in South Patel Nagar after the two bodies were discovered by the father who called the cops. Two rooms of the house were found ransacked. Police sources claim that the duo must have been brutally murdered as their heads were smashed and other body parts injured. Cops also suspect they may have suffered bullet injuries.Senior police officers rushed to the spot but remained tightlipped about the incident. Joint CP, northern range, Sudhir Yadav, refused to comment on the incident despite being contacted several times. An FSL team was called in collect samples including fingerprints from the spot.A case of murder has been registered and investigations are on. The bodies have been sent for postmortem after which it they will be handed over to the family, sources said. Cops have also begun to question several people. \"We suspect that personal enmity regarding property may be the cause of the murder. However, we are not ruling out any possibility, including robbery. It's too early to say anything but we are probing all angles. One the autopsy report is with us, we will be able to make headway more details,\" said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349157", "title": "Kate Winslet likes red toes", "text": "Kate Winslet loves red polish on her toenails.The 'Titanic' actress says she doesn't really get time to pamper her feet but thinks putting on a bright red shade can help them look in better condition than they are.She said: \"There's nothing like red polish on toes. I don't have much time for pedicures, but if I haven't done anything to my feet for months and I look like a Neanderthal woman, a coat of red means you can somehow get away with anything.\"As well as brightening up her toes, Kate also has tips for making eyes look better.She advised: \"A great trick I've learnt with mascara is to put it on the back of your hand and York it into the tips of a flat stipple brush. Lift up your eyelid ever so slightly and paint a line on the underside of the roots, extremely close to the lashes and then go over the lashes with mascara. It doesn't show as much as a liner, but can really define the eye. It also makes the whites of your eyes look whiter.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346703", "title": "MMRDA changes track on BKC plot allotted to RIL", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) will reverse its decision on the allotment of an 18-acre plot in the Bandra-Kurla Complex to the Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries Limited (RIL).Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who heads MMRDA, recently approved a proposal for cancellation of the decision to grant additional built-up area. MMRDA will gain from the move. RIL can apply for additional built-up space for commercial use by paying an amount (150% of ready reckoner rate) under a policy enacted in 2007.MMRDA will retain the Rs 696 crore and will be paid an additional Rs 500 crore in premium. RIL will get to use the entire 8 lakh sq ft of additional built-up for commercial use.In January 2006, RIL bid for the plot for the first global convention centre in the city. RIL was permitted to exploit 8.07 lakh sq ft of the built-up area commercially after developing the convention centre in 6.99 lakh sq ft built-up space. RIL had quoted Rs 1,104 crore for the plot.The authority later allowed another 8 lakh sq ft as additional builtup area. Of the additional built-up space, about 40% could be commercially exploited, while the remaining was to be used for the convention centre. RIL paid a premium of Rs 696 crore for allotment of the additional area. But this was challenged in the high court by the Anil Ambani-led Reliance Communications and Infrastructure Ltd (RCIL). A senior official said the approval was subject to the court's consent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11349906", "title": "Rain spoils khadi fair", "text": "RANCHI: The heavy rain on New Year not just dampened the festive mood but also made scores of stall-owners at the Khadi fair lose business. They were seen packing as the rain had damaged many of their items.Sushil, an artificial flower seller, said, \"Yesterday's rain spoiled many of my products so I have no option but to pack and wait for the weather to improve.\"The tents were not waterproof and heavy rain tore many of them. Stall-owners were seen rushing around trying to salvage their goods. Shadab, a stall-owner from Kashmir, said, \"I have many items of pure leather which get damaged in water. I suffered a huge loss.\"Saurabh, another stall-owner, said, \"The organizers should give us compensation. We come from far away places at their request. At least they should look after our safety and profit.\"Another stall owner Manju said, \"First, a fire broke out and now this heavy rain. If this continues then maybe it will be better that we don't put our stalls here from next year.\"The chairman of Jharkhand Khadi Gramodyog Board, Jainandu, said, \"All of them will get insurance coverage.\"The rain was not the only problem. There was no power at the fair after the rain. Stall owners had to sit in candle light till late at night while the work was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348771", "title": "Revelries Galore", "text": "The New Year celebrations in Chennai seemed to have gripped the city in its spirited thrall as people from all walks of life came together to ring in the beginning of 2012.Resolutions were made, friendships were rekindled, differences were set aside and vows to make the most of life became the high point of the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345375", "title": "Can wife seek compensation from husband's girlfriend?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Can a wife demand compensation or maintenance from her husband's girlfriend under provisions of the Protection of Women From Domestic Violence Act, 2005? The Gujarat high court is to decide on the issue after getting the first case of this type for adjudication.The issue came in the form of a petition by one Jalpaben Padsala from Rajkot, who wanted the complaint filed under DV Act against her to be quashed. As per case details, a couple Meetaben and Gautam Akbari developed differences and began staying separately in 2002. Last year, the wife filed a complaint under domestic violence laws alleging that Jalpaben was her husband's kept, and she sufferred a lot due to their relationship. Hence, she along with Akbari should be made to compensate her and action should be taken against her as well as per the law.The DV Act is a civil law, which provides that in cases like that of Meetaben who has sought compensation under section 12 of the Act, the respondents can be directed by court to compensate the complainant or to maintain her.After a magisterial court in Rajkot began proceedings on Meetaben's complaint, Jalpaben moved HC demanding that the complaint against her at least be quashed. Her counsel Umesh Trivedi argued that a woman can file a complaint against her husband and his relatives only. He submitted that Jalpaben was not a relative of the husband and, therefore, she cannot be made liable to pay to the wife.The lawyer also referred to a Supreme Court judgement, wherein while dealing with a case of section 498 of IPC, the apex court examined who could be considered a relative. Even Gujarat high court, in June last year, quashed a complaint filed by a woman in Bhavnagar, whereby she sought to charge her husband's girlfriend for domestic violence under section 498 of IPC.On the other hand, Meetaben's lawyer Krunal Shah referred to the Act and submitted that words \"aggrieved person\" is well defined in the law.Justice R H Shukla admitted the petition with observation that the matter required consideration. HC has stayed the proceedings and scheduled further proceeding in the second week of the month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11344823", "title": "Who is D'Souza?", "text": "BANGALORE: VS D'Souza, 57, joined the police force as a sub-inspector and earned laurels in investigating several crucial criminal and subversive activities. The feather in his cap was the busting of an organized kidney sale racket when he was an inspector with Commercial Street police station in 1995.His next big case was in 2000 when he was entrusted with investigating the localized subversive element Deendar Anjuman, which triggered several attacks on churches in South India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11346097", "title": "Cyberspace hit by \u2018Kim Jong-Il\u2019 spam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian computer security analysts have detected and alerted internet users against 'malicious spam mails' in the name of the late North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il leading to hacking and crashing of vulnerable e-mail addresses.The Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), country's national agency to respond to computer security incidents, has found the malware virus streaming into the Indian cyberspace. \"It has been observed that a spam campaign in the pretext of death of North Korean leader \" Kim Jong II \" is making rounds. The spam mails carry a fake name 'brief_introduction_of_kim_jong_Ill_pdf.pdf'.\"The said pdf file is exploiting vulnerabilities in Adobe reader and Acrobat, that once successfully exploited leads to remote code execution in the victim system,\" the CERT-In said in its latest advisory to users. The CERT-In has asked all government and other Internet Protocol addresses to not click on the link as it may lead to loss of valuable data. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11335635", "title": "No Jhalak for Madhuri Dixit?", "text": "The show might have worked wonders for her 'comeback' to limelight, but Madhuri Dixit might have to bid goodbye to her role of a celebrity judge on the dance reality series.Having signed on as the brand ambassador of a newly launched competitor entertainment channel has posed a problem for Mads' contract with the dance reality show.According to a source close to the new channel, \"The next season of the dance reality show, Jhalak Dikhlaa Jaa will begin post IPL. However, the channel is now in two minds about Madhuri's participation in the show.\"In fact, the channel even held a meeting to decide whether to carry on with Mads or rope in a new celebrity judge for the next season of the show. \"Madhuri has signed on as the brand ambassador of a competitive channel. This is a cause of concern for the broadcasters,\" added our source. Interestingly, the new channel doesn't have a problem in letting go of their brand ambassador to judge a reality show in a competitor channel.A source close to the actress informed Mirror that the Jhalak broadcasters had even discussed the possibility of continuing the next season of the show with the actress some time last week.However, the Senior Vice-President &amp; Head of Marketing of the channel, Danish Khan, chose not to reply to our text messages and calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11347896", "title": "SC trauma care centre fails to meet HC deadline", "text": "CUTTACK: The trauma care centre at SCB Medical College and Hospital is yet to start functioning even though it was inaugurated by chief minister Naveen Patnaik in February last year. It was expected that multi-specialty critical care centre would act as a boon for accident victims.Irked over the lackadaisical approach of the authorities, the Orissa high court had also intervened and directed the SCB authorities to make the trauma centre functional by December-end last year. But authorities failed to meet the deadline. The high court-appointed advocates committee comprising amicus curiae P R Das, advocate Tarananda Patnaik and Dr P K Pradhan visited the hospital on Saturday and took stock of the situation.The Centre established at a cost of Rs 6 crore was envisaged to have about 150 beds, two state-of-the-art operation theatres, 16-bed ICU and many other facilities in a five-storey unified complex. But the advocate committee found that the work is still far from completion.Authorities are yet to appoint specialized doctors to manage the trauma centre and even the construction work has not been completed. The slow pace of work have also raised fears of withdrawal of the central funds for the facility. \"The authorities have not managed to make the trauma care centre functional till date. They have clearly missed the December 31 deadline and we will inform the high court about it,\" amicus curie P R Das said.\" It is matter of great concern because if the facility in not made completely functional by March 2012 , then the Centre would withdraw the funds. We have asked them to speed up the work and start the centre at the earliest,\" Das added.Hospital authorities have assured the advocate committee to make the facility functional partially by January 6 and fully by February-end. \"Efforts are on a war-footing to start the trauma centre. In the first phase, at least 28 beds and one OT will be made functional by January 6,\" said Srikant Mohapatra, administrative officer of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346379", "title": "T-Cong group staring at loss of influence", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pushed into oblivion in the face of the firm anti-Telangana stance of the Congress high command, Telangana Congress leaders are finding it difficult to convince party workers of their stand on the separate state issue.According to sources, the talk of a cabinet reshuffle by chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has rendered the informal group almost defunct with junior MLAs from the region expecting a cabinet berth. Moreover, the impending byelection to six Assembly seats in Telangana is expected to shut out the once vocal T-Congress pressure group.The Congress leadership is apparently under the impression that the informal group is only ending up lending a helping hand to the Telangana Rashtra Samiti. \"As a result, the party high command in Delhi is not ready to entertain any delegation from the T-Congress, a fact evidenced by T-Congressmen's failure to get an appointment with the party leadership for the past one month,\" sources said.While T Congress leaders are unable to press for the re-nomination of Rajya Sabha member K Keshava Rao whose term expires this year in March, the threat of senior minister K Jana Reddy resigning from the cabinet to protest the delay in the formation of Telangana is another cause for worry.Meanwhile, middle-level leaders at two recent meetings chaired by PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana expressed their reluctance to go to the people given the anti-Telangana stance of the party.According to sources, the talk of a cabinet reshuffle has rendered the informal group almost defunct with junior MLAs from the region expecting a cabinet berth. The impending byelection is expected to shut out the once vocal T-Congress pressure group", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11349077", "title": "A Gala Affair", "text": "KOLKATA: The zonal preliminary round for the Nokia India Fest 2012, presented by channel [v] was recently held at Presidency University. The zonal preliminary rounds have already taken place in Bengaluru, Chennai and Goa. The fest had entries from 13 colleges all across Kolkata.The fest had events, which ranged from music, dance, public speaking, personality related skills, drama, sports and gaming. The music related events were divided into music bands (Launchpad), solo performances (Popstars) and Disk Jockeying (Turning Tables).The dance events were divided into solo dance (Footloose), Bollywood group dance (The Thumka), and group street dance (The Streets). Public speaking events were broken up into Debate and Jam (impromptu speaking). A football tournament was organised in a knock out format which had five players in each side.Pratim Ghoshal a participant in Presidency Universitys football team said, The fest has brought so many students together, it gives us an opportunity to mix with them and learn from them, while we all participate in unique events. It has been a good experience.Most students were excited about the opportunity that the fest presented. Chandra Bhushan Swarnakar, member of the band, Purple Asparagus said, It is a great platform to be recognised nationally for the skills that usually get unnoticed because of lack of opportunity and pressure from orthodox education.As the day came to an end, the winners of the second round of the mini-fest were announced. The winners of this round have qualified for the finals in Goa. The fest ended with energetic performances by Cassinis Division (popular Kolkata band) and Faridkot who became popular after [v] Launchpad.Sourav Roy Burman, a second year student of Presidency University said, The fest is of a great magnitude, it is something which a usual fest cannot offer, due to financial constraints and the planning that is involved. It has been a memorable experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11362582", "title": "Bringing the roof down", "text": "The celebrations that rang in this New Year was one that had partygoers of the city turning up in hordes to this popular restobar.There was barely any place to set foot as the revellers had cozily occupied every available corner. It was a night packed with excitement and masti. The folks were dressed in their fashionable best. The ladies were the headturners all the way as they sashayed in, draped in the most stunning outfits. The boys matched them step for step as they too made a style statement on the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11344906", "title": "Satisfactory year for ECR in 2011", "text": "PATNA: No major accident took place under any of the five divisions of the East Central Railways (ECR) in 2011 and the zone registered a record earning from both passenger ticket booking and goods loading segments. There was about 15 per cent increase in the number of passengers travelling to far off places from different stations under the ECR.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, the ECR took up various development projects to cater to the needs of passengers. These projects included construction of new platforms, extension of the length of existing platforms, providing safe drinking water at each station and developing circulating areas of all important stations. Sanitation was given top priority on railway platforms, he said. From the safety point of view, the railways completed panel interlocking and track circuiting work at many important stations under the ECR. Railway safety measures were beefed up in view of threats from ultras and during bandh calls by the Maoists, the CPRO said.The bridge rehabilitation work was carried out on a priority basis on Rajendra Pul near Mokama under Danapur division of the ECR. All major and small bridges were given a facelift under the five divisions of the ECR. The railways is building a new bridge parallel to the existing Kiul bridge to cope with huge traffic flow from there, Ambastha said. The ECR, which was given seven new trains in the railway budget of 2011-2012 fiscal, has managed to introduce six passenger trains so far, including Patna-Sasaram passenger train via Ara. Drug menace remained the concern of the railways though in 2011. Several con men were nabbed by the railway police and the ECR launched a massive awareness drive among passengers about it. 'Nukkad' plays were staged at railway platforms at various places to create awareness among passengers about the drug menace.The zone was also bogged down by a record number of alarm chain pulling (ACP) incidents, particularly under Danapur division, which affected punctuality of about 1,800 passenger trains last year. The railways, however, took various steps to curb the growing menace of ACP in the zone by deploying more armed forces on the running trains.The railways also witnessed a change in 'tatkal' ticket booking scheme to check rampant corruption in the tatkal ticket booking procedure across the country. Two major factories of railways, Coach Maintenance Workshop at Harnaut in Nalanda district and Wheel Manufacturing Factory at Belapur, Chhapra, carried out construction work round-the-clock. The railways intends to make them operational in this year beginning a new chapter of glory in the history of the Indian Railways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11345907", "title": "Inter-state car theft racket busted", "text": "MALDA: Police busted an inter-state car smuggling racket at Shyamnagar on Sunday. Kankan Pal, an assistant sub-inspector was injured when goons counter attacked the cops.However, four people were arrested. Eleven phones, nine sim cards, four pipe guns, six bullets, two weapons and one knife were seized from them. The accused were produced before the court on Monday and remanded in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348685", "title": "Nisha is Kajal's greatest critic", "text": "She has a striking resemblance to her elder sister Kajal Aggarwal, but Nisha maintains that she is completely unperturbed about it.\"In fact, Kajal and I sound the same too,\" says Nisha, who, after a successful debut in Tollywood, will soon be seen in Kollywood in Ishtam. \"Both the industries are extremely professional and treating me really well. In Ishtam, I play a girl from a small town who moves to the city for her studies,\" she says.Now that Kajal has forayed into Bollywood, does Nisha harbour similar aspirations? \"I am glad Kajal is doing well and just like her, I'm also open to working in films in all languages as long as the script is good. The more the number of languages I get to work in, the better,\" she states.Does she take her sister's advice before zeroing in on a project? \"I discuss all my films with her and we are each other's biggest critics. But she wants me to learn from my mistakes,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348690", "title": "Sunny Deol to work in a social issues film", "text": "Sunny Deol and Anil Sharma created the character of Tara Singh and made him famous in 2001.A decade later, the director and actor have decided to join hands again. This time too, Sunny would play a Sikh in the film titled Singh Saheb The Great.Anil Sharma, who has also announced another film, Masters with the three Deols - Dharmendra, Sunny and Bobby, has decided to make Singh Saheb... before starting with the next project. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Dharmendra and Bobby will also be a part of this new film.When contacted, Anil Sharma said, \"Sunny will play an action hero in Singh Saheb The Great. He will be playing the role of a collector. The film is based in eastern UP and Punjab. It will address social issues.\"Shaktimaan Talwar, who wrote Gadar, will write the story and the screenplay of Singh Saheb... as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11343930", "title": "4 years on, cops yet to get cash reward", "text": "MUMBAI: An 11-member team of crime branch officials that arrested Dawood aide and 1993 serial blasts accused Karimullah Khan almost four years ago is yet to receive cash reward from the CBI and the state government.The officials had worked round-the-clock for 15 days to nab Karimullah, who was staying in Nalasopara under a fictitious name. The team, lead by inspectors Ansar Pirzade and P S Waval, had received a tip-off about Karimullah from an alert citizen. Well aware that Karimullah was in the real estate business, the officials spent hours planning a trap to nab the man who had been hoodwinking the investigators for years. He was arrested in August 2008.Karimullah, the 125th accused to be arrested in the serial blasts case, had overseen the landing of arms, ammunition and explosives at Shekhadi coast and provided protection for their transportation to Mumbra. He was also responsible for transporting the RDX used in the blasts from Mumbra to absconding accused Tiger Memon's residence at Al-Hussaini building in Mahim.The CBI had issued one dozen red corner notices against Karimullah, who was believed to have fled the country with Dawood and his cronies. The agency had announced a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh for his arrest.\"After we arrested Karimullah, home minister R R Patil had announced a cash reward of Rs 2 lakh. The CBI and the state have only given us a commendatory note,\" said a constable who was part of the team and is due to retire next month.CBI officials said cash rewards are given by the Centre. \"We have sent two reminders to the Centre,\" said an official.An officer said this is not the only case where investigators are yet to receive the promised reward. \"Officers behind the seizure of 1,500 kg of RDX from Mumbra in 1993 received cash reward from the government only in 2007,\" said the officer.A crime branch team has not yet received the cash reward of Rs 5 lakh for arresting 21 members of Indian Mujahideen in 2008 for 11 blasts in the country. The government had promised one-step promotion to officers who cracked the 2006 serial train blasts case. This, too, is yet to become a reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11348060", "title": "Paresh sends AV clip to media in display of strength", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Paresh Baruah-led Ulfa hardliners once again tried to display their strength on the very first day of 2012 when the faction sent an audiovisual (AV) clip to media houses here featuring some 90 cadres in camouflage taking an oath of a free Assam.The AV clip, taken in some camp of the faction, also showed five bamboo huts constructed on a hilly terrain.In the AV clip, these cadres are singing while they are taking the oath, \"Nidiu nidiu eri xihotor hatot, nirjatito hobo amar jatitok. Joi Aai Asom,' meaning \"We won't let the Assamese community to be exploited. Long live Assam.\"Intelligence sources said the AV was shot at a mobile camp of the hardliners' somewhere near the Indo-Myanmar border area. The source said, \"The Paresh Baruah faction has been trying to recruit new cadres in recent times. They have very less manpower.\"On Sunday, chief minister Tarun Gogoi too reiterated the state government's stand in dealing with the militant outfits which are refraining from holding peace dialogues with the Centre saying that the state government would deal firmly with armed outfits trying to create a violent atmosphere in Assam.\"Majority of the militant outfits of the state are now on the peace talks table. But some factions are still trying to disturb the peace process. Our door is open to anyone who wants to talk but the state government will not tolerate any kind of violence. We will deal firmly with whoever wants to create violence in the state,\" said the Gogoi in a press conference.The chief minister also said that 2011 was a peaceful year because the major armed outfits in the state, including Ulfa and the Ramjan Daimary faction of NDFB, came forward for talks with the government. A peace accord was also signed with the UPDS.He said peace is a prerequisite for development of the state. \"We could usher in development on many fronts because of the prevailing peace in 2011. We want those armed groups which have not joined the peace process to come forward for the development of the state,\" Gogoi appealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11345636", "title": "Pressure on hotels for accommodation", "text": "PANAJI: With government refusing to entertain personal applications from babus and senior police officials for accommodation in the Circuit House this season, there was huge pressure on local police and bureaucrats to arrange alternate accommodation for them in hotels and resorts, either at discounted rates or for free.On New Year's eve, several police officers posted at popular tourist areas, besides looking into the law and order situation, had to run around meeting hoteliers trying to convince them to accommodate the relatives and friends of senior officers in starred resorts and hotels.A police officer confirming this, said, \"The problem is that Christmas to New Year is the time when hotels make maximum business. At such a time, asking for either free accommodation or discount upto 50% is embarrassing. But we are forced to ask favours for our senior officers.\"Confirming this trend, Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG) president Gaurish Dhond said, \"In the last week of December, requests from government officials for accommodation are common. However, this is the peak time for us and the rooms are booked 2 to 3 months in advance. \"The management keeps only about 5% to 10% rooms in hand, but that is also sold off due to constant requests and demand. At such a time, it is impossible for hotels to give complimentary stay in the hotel to any official. However, some hotels may give discounts on accommodation as a goodwill gesture.\"Sources said that though this is a common trend, this season there is more pressure on them as the former joint secretary (protocol) D G Sardessai had issued a note stating that during the peak tourist season from December 21 to January 3, no application to stay in the government Circuit House will be entertained.\"From December 21 to January 3, no application will be entertained,\" the note issued by Sardessai states, further adding that no one coming on private visit during this period to the state will be granted permission to stay in the government Circuit House.\"Because during this period VVIPs visit the state and we need to accommodate the staff accompanying them in the Circuit house,\" explained Sardessai.Also the note stated that from November 10 to January first week, they received numerous requests from central and state government employees for accommodation in the government Circuit house. \"No request for accommodation during the period from November 1 to first week of January shall be entertained in view of International Film Festival of India ( Iffi), Christmas and New Year, coinciding with the peak tourist season,\" the note stated.Further the note stated that from November 10 to January 10, officials arriving for official work will be allowed to stay for not more than two days in the government Circuit house and this too would be on \"first come, first serve basis,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349043", "title": "Bhatt is signing Sunny Leone for nudity: Rakhi Sawant", "text": "Sunny Leone's ouster from the Bigg Boss' house has come as a surprise to many because the porn star has been getting a lot of publicity ever since she arrived in the celebrity house and getting rave reviews too.While people are still wondering about the reasons that led to this turn of events, our desi item gal Rakhi Sawant waxes eloquent on this issue in her inimitable bindaas manner!'Chamatkar ho gaya!' Sounding genuinely amused, Rakhi says: \"I'm really amazed as to how did this happen! Aakhir yeh chamatkar hua kaise! Logon ko toh ashleelta kaafi pasand hai! Especially when it comes to seeing others' sisters and daughters sans clothes, people are quite gung-ho. Lagta hai logon ko naye saal mein akal aagayi. Der aaye durust aaye! If people have rejected nudity on telly, then I am really glad!\"Mahesh Bhatt beware! Not one to do things by the halves, Rakhi goes a step ahead, and says: \"Mahesh Bhatt is signing Sunny Leone for Jism 2 - only for her nudity. After all, it makes things easier for the filmmaker. In any case, he makes his heroines shed clothes, so it will make things easy for him because Sunny has already shed her clothes long back! Mahesh Bhatt ka kaam aasaan ho gaya!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345376", "title": "Pachauri meets Mamata at Writers'", "text": "KOLKATA: The Energy &amp; Resources Institute (TERI) headed by RK Pachauri, who also heads the Nobel Prize-winning Intergovernmental Panel for Climate Change (IPCC), will soon submit its report to the Mamata Banerjee government on the impact of climate change on Bengal's coastal and hilly areas. Pachauri met the chief minister at Writers' Builidings on Monday to discuss scope of work in Bengal.Pachauri was in the city on Monday to inaugurate the country's first ever renewable energy college - the Arka-IGNOU Community College - off EM Bypass at Madurdaha. Pachauri said that they have been working on preparing the report for quite some time.His institute, said Pachauri, is preparing the report after assessing the impact of climate change in the Sunderbans, the Darjeeling hills and other parts of the state. He said there are several areas in Bengal where there is scope for work, like Darjeeling and Sunderbans. Also, the Sunderbans and other vulnerable coastal areas are all subjects of the study, he said.The institute will have a centre in Bengal for which a four-acre plot has been purchased in Baruipur, Pachauri added.In the evening, RK Pachauri called on chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings and discussed the scope of work in Bengal. He said his institute was working on a project called \"lighting a billion lamps\". Under the project, village women are trained on charging lamps with solar energy which they could rent out to households in the evenings. This project could be implemented in Bengal.With the chief minister by his side, Pachauri said there is scope of working in this state \"with the leadership that we have\". After inaugurating the college, Pachauri said there is also considerable scope of enhancing the use of bio mass energy.\"About seven months ago, IPCC had brought out a report on renewable energy sources and climate mitigation.We need policies to promote renewable energy,\" he said.Speaking at the inauguration, Arka-IGNOU community college chairman SP Gon Chaudhuri said, the national action plan on climate change has set a target to generate 15% of energy from renewable energy sources by the year 2020.According to estimates, the country can generate 9 lakh MW of power from solar energy alone.\"This college will churn out solar engineers who are required.\" Jadavpur University vice chancellor Pradip Narayan Ghosh and IGNOU director CK Ghosh were also present at the programme.The college, which has already admitted 17 students, is approved by IGNOU and the technical and further education department of the Queensland government in Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11344159", "title": "JE caught red-handed", "text": "BHANDARA: Anti-corruption department Bhandara caught Naresh Timaji Gobade, junior engineer in ZP minor irrigation sub irrigation, Sakoli, while accepting Rs 1500 as bribe from the complainant in his office on Monday. Offence under sections of Prevention of Corruption Act 1988 is registered against accused in Sakoli police station.Complainant Mansaram Motiram Bhendarkar (45) had applied for Jawahar irrigation well in his farm, after getting approval from concerned office. When he approached for payment of his bill, Gobade demanded Rs 2000 to prepare the bill and release his cheque. The deal was the finalized for Rs 1500. However, based on a tip off sleuths of anti-corruption department laid a trap and caught Gobade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345458", "title": "Govt changes norms for cancer docs training", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has found a way to increase the number of doctors specifically to treat cancer. The Union health ministry will soon allow every professor of three disciplines - radiotherapy, medical oncology and surgical oncology - to teach three students as against the existing norm of two.Besides, associate professors across all specialities will be allowed to take two students under their wing as against one as per the present norm. Assistant professors, who qualify to be associate professors, will also be allowed to take one student under their care.A ministry official told TOI \"The Medical Council of India has sent us these recommendations. We will clear the proposal, and ask MCI to notify the new rules this week itself.\"In order to ramp up the country's skilled medical manpower, the government had come out with a similar notification in 2009. As against the average global norm of teacher-student ratio of 1:3 in post-graduate level, the ministry made it two students per one teacher. Till then, the teacher-student ratio in India was 1:1.An official added, \"The number of cancer cases is spiraling in India, but we don't have enough doctors to treat it. The new notifications would increase number of doctors by at least 5,000.\"Doctors across 21 states will also soon get a one-year crash course in oncology, especially training in early detection of cancer and how to deliver chemotherapy. Cancer annually kills four lakhs Indians. In developing countries, cancer ranks third as a cause of death and accounts for 9.5% (3.8 million) of all mortality. Cancer is curable if detected early. The results of treatment in stage I and II (early stage) are about 80%. In late stage diseases (stage III and IV), the results are less than 20%.In India, about 70% patients are in advanced stage, and are difficult to treat. By 2015, the number of new cases is expected to cross 15 lakhs. Among Indian males, lung, head and neck cancer are most common and among women, breast and cervical cancer are most frequent.According to the National Programme for Prevention and Control of Cancer announced in June, 2010, 65 tertiary cancer centres that would carry out screening, biopsy and treatment of cancer will be set up in 21 states.According to the ministry, there are about 2.8 million cases of cancer in India at any given time and more than half a million patients die due to cancer every year. The ministry is giving Rs 1 crore to each district hospital to provide free chemotherapy to 100 patients. It will give Rs 100 crore (an estimated cost of chemotherapy per patient per year being Rs 1 lakh) to the 100 shortlisted district hospitals to provide free chemotherapy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11348040", "title": "Litterateurs, artists open to change in approach", "text": "GUWAHATI: Noted litterateurs and artists on Monday said people of their fraternity should pick up and accept new aspects of what is relevant in the contemporary world while keeping in touch with the classical elements.The litterateurs and the artists were addressing a gathering at two separate interactions at Srimanta Sankardeva Kalakshetra on the occasion of the ongoing 13th Navavarsha Mahotsav.\"Visual artists should make an effort in understanding the new medium of visual art, especially animation and cartoon, as it is attracting people and revenue both culturally and professionally,\" said visual artist Benu Mishra at the inauguration of the artist and sculptor workshop, which is a part of Barnil Chand- the art segment of the five day cultural bonanza.As part of the Sahitya Swarani, the literature segment of the cultural festival, litterateurs Nagen Saikia, Dhrubajyoti Bora, Karabi Dutta Hazarika, Madhurima Barua and Kamaluddin Ahmed addressed a seminar titled 'Assamese literature and the past decade: The prospects of new change'. They said in classical literature, the human characters are mostly on same lines and that has been exploited thoroughly by writers throughout the ages but it is the duty of a writer to bring something new out of the old element. They also said literature has undergone a tremendous change in the past decade mostly influenced by social, political and economic aspects of the contemporary world and that writing should be in tune with the situation, age and status as these are the three things on which writers have to depend for usage of words.The new trend of writing should be emphasized and stressed, and the new spirit should be embraced, said Nagen Saikia. Dhrubajyoti Bora said, \"There are two ways of seeing things and the two ways have been brought by the changing times which are reflected in our society. Earlier, emphasis was laid on objectivity and now it has changed to subjectivity. Change is inevitable and the wave of modernism has brought about a change in literature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345488", "title": "Red kangaroo dies at Alipore zoo", "text": "KOLKATA: A red kangaroo that had been brought from the Czech Republic last June died at Alipore zoo on December 23. The authorities however made the report public on Monday, more than a week after its death.Just around a month ago, another kangaroo also died at the zoo. These animals had been finding it difficult to acclimatize here, said a zoo official.The one-and-a-half-year-old kangaroo that died on December 23 had been suffering from severe respiratory tract infection. Its health started deteriorating in the first week of December. On December 23, it died due to multiple organ failure. The animal was being treated inside its cage and was admitted to the zoo hospital after its condition worsened.The zoo authorities will conduct an inquiry to find out the reason behind the animal's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349246", "title": "The nursery rush", "text": "Come New Year and it will be a run for parents of toddlers in the city. The struggle begins January 2 onwards when the sale of pre-school forms will begin. However, unlike last years confusion over the guidelines and schools coming up with varied eligibility criteria, this year may be easier for parents applying with the process simplified.According to the Directorate of Education (DOE), Delhi, no school shall deny admission to a child under the EWS, disadvantaged category on the basis of distance or neighbourhood. Also, ending the debate on the age of admittance, the Delhi High Court, in its December 16 order, has decided 3+ years as the age of toddlers for public-private schools.Different schools are offering different points to categories like alumni, sibling, girl-child, neighbourhood and others; however, a word of advice for parents do not panic.In order to keep track of the schools and the different eligibility criteria, I keep checking the updates of the nursery school admissions page on Facebook where people have posted their experiences of last year and the updates on the current. I have listed 10 schools as for now, but as not many are in the neighbourhood I dont know how many schools I should actually apply to. I just wish my son gets admission in one of the good schools, says Priya Khanna, a parent.DONT PANICI will advise parents to not get hassled as the sale of forms begin and apply only to the schools of their choice in an order of preference, says Madulika Sen, principal, Tagore International School, Vasant Vihar.BIG NAMESSen adds, people should make sure that they do not rush to schools with big names and be flexible about having a fallback option. Big names do not always ensure good education. Parents should look for schools with consistent history of good academic and co-curricular activities. She also says, while filling in the registration forms online, parents should be clear in identifying fields and opt for schools that are located in the neighbourhood.MCD ELIGIBILITYSchools run by the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) enrol pre-school children under a two-point criterion under which the age for admittance differs from private schools.The child must be four years of age and should reside within one kilometer radius of the school. If a child falls outside the one kilometer perimeter, we shift them to other branches, says Mahinder Nagpal, chairman, education department, MCD.According to Nagpal, 10 lakh children across the capital are enrolled in the 1,729 MCD schools, among which 48,000 are pre-school children. At the beginning of a session, every student is given Rs 500 towards uniform costs. From the new session, beginning 2012, every child will be given an additional Rs 100 to procure their own water bottles as schools in most areas have a problem of potable drinking water.SCHOOL EXPOThe Times of India Group is organising Times School Expo in Select City Walk, Saket, on January 8, from 11 am to 6 pm to provide information and answer queries of parents with regards to nursery school admissions. Schools from the Delhi and NCR regions will participate. Besides stalls, the expo will have activities to keep children occupied.FELLOWSHIPSChild Rights and You (CRY) invites applications for the National Child Rights Research Fellowships 2012-13. Applicants must submit a two-page CV with a three-page proposal and a sample of a self-authored article, paper or document on a similar theme (published or unpublished). The last date for applications is February 17. For details, log on to www.cry.orgWINTER CAMPRobo Club announces Winter Robotics Camp from January 2-6 for children between six and 14 years of age, at the Silicon World Robo Club, Nehru Place. Students will be required to use a combination of robotics kits, sensors, motors and mechanical parts to compete in real-world challenges, etc.CONFERENCEAn international conference on Technology Enhanced Education is being held at Amrita University from January 3-5. The theme of the conference is Educational Technology for Social Benefit. It will discuss ways to raise the education level in India with the help of new technologies. Nobel Laureate Muhamad Yunus will be the chief guest.DRAMA FESTIVALSeven schools from across the country recently competed for the finals of the annual inter school drama festival that was organised by the British Council and Central School of Speech and Drama, University of London, in association with Prabha Khaitan Foundation at the British Council in New Delhi.Key DatesSALE OF FORMS : Begins January 2LAST DATE OF SUBMISSION : January 16FIRST LIST OF SELECTED CANDIDATES : February 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345152", "title": "Parents queue for hours for nursery forms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Serpentine queues formed early in the morning at schools across the city as parents stood patiently in line to purchase nursery admission forms on Monday, the first day of the nursery admission process for the 2012-13 session.Schools like Springdales, Pusa Road, Laxman Public School, Hauz Khas, Kulachi Hansraj Model School, Ashok Vihar and DAV, Vikaspuri witnessed long queues and also many disappointed parents who didn't manage to get the forms on the first day. While Kulachi Hansraj Model School sold 700 forms, Laxman Public School sold 600. And despite make the form available online, DAV Vikaspuri sold more than 300 forms.\"Despite waiting in the queue for two hours I didn't get the form today since the counter closed at 11.30am. Tomorrow I will come even earlier. I learnt that some parents had started queuing as early as 6am,\" said Rekha Gupta who was at Springdales, Pusa Road.Other schools decided to move the entire process online, a decision that found favour with several parents who were spared the wait. No parents visited schools like Delhi Public School, R K Puram and Ahlcon International, Mayur Vihar which have made the registration process online.Administration staff at these schools confirmed that parents were advised to fill up and submit the admission forms online.Ahlcon International received more than 200 applications on the first day. \"Since the whole process is online and we also respond to queries online there have been no visitors to the campus,\" said the principal of the school, Ashok Pandey. Interestingly the school will continue the sale and submission of forms till January 17. \"Since the process is online in case some issues crop up we need to provide a grace period to the aspirants,\" added Pandey.However, a few parents preferred to bypass the Internet and direct their queries to school officials. One such parent was Ravi Kant Sinha, a finance officer at Jawaharlal Nehru University, who wanted to get his younger son admitted to nursery but was not sure if his son would get the same privileges.\"As per the nursery admission rules here, preference is given to the first born. My first child is a special needs child who doesn't go to school. So I wanted to know if my younger son, who has to join nursery, will get the privilege of the first born child,\" he said.But the high point of the day was the number of nursery admissions in the economically weaker section (EWS) category.Despite the form being freely available at the official website of the Directorate of Education (DoE), 250 forms were taken from Ahlcon International, while Kulachi Hansraj gave 126 forms. The EWS forms for DPS are available at DPS Vasant Vihar or at the East of Kailash branch.DPS officials added that the EWS form can also be downloaded by applicants and submitted at the school premises itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11347846", "title": "2000 tribals rally in Kalinga Nagar", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Over 2,000 tribals took out a rally at Kalinga Nagar on Monday to mark the sixth anniversary of police firing in which 14 tribals, including three women, were killed. Six years ago, police fired at tribals protesting against forcible occupation of land and their consequent displacement. The immediate provocation then was construction of a boundary wall by Tata Steel for its six million tonnes steel plant.On Monday, the anti-industry groups under the banner of Bisthapan Birodhi Janamanch (BBJM) took out a rally from 'martyrs column' in Champakoila village to Veerbhumi at Ambagadia, where the tribals had been killed and vowed not to spare an inch of land for the steel plant. Family members and relatives of firing victims offered rituals at Ambagadia also.Prafulla Samantray, an anti-land acquisition leader and president of Lokshakti Abhijan, accused chief minister Naveen Patnaik of working for private industrial houses at the cost of the masses, who voted him to power. He said Naveen is least interested in the development of tribals. \"He has not bothered to visit Kalinga Nagar even after six years of the firing speaks volumes of his mindset,\" he said.\"Odisha has about 97 per cent chromite, 71 per cent bauxite, 33 per cent iron ore and 32 per cent manganese resources of India. As commodity prices soar, international companies are eyeing this mineral bounty, much of which is in tribal territory,\" said Mahendra Parida, a leader of CPIML (Liberation).The anti-industry leaders vowed not to allow industries. \"We won't tolerate torture of innocent tribals. There shouldn't be any industry at the cost of tribals and their livelihood. Our fight against industrialisation will continue till the government changes its decision to set up industries on farm land. Fourteen of our fellowmen sacrificed their lives for the cause of tribals. We are ready to die but will not spare an inch of land for industry,\" said Rabindra Jarika, secretary of BBJM.On the other hand , about 800 people led by Visthapita Parivar Unnayan Parishad, a pro-industry outfit participated in a rally at Tata's rehabilitation colony at Gobarahat village. They were led by president Dhaneswar Soi and secretary Biren Jamuda.Though the two parallel meetings were held at a short distance of each other, there was no clash between the rival groups. \"The rally and meetings passed off peacefully. We deployed six platoons of police force to check any untoward incident,\" said K C Mund, the police officer of Kalinganagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11348018", "title": "GMC seeks buildings' completion papers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) in a release urged everyone concerned to submit completion certificates of buildings and obtain occupancy certificates before taking possession.\"The owner or builder through the licensed architect, engineer or structural engineer as the case may be, shall give notice to the GMC regarding the completion of work,\" said GMC commissioner Puru Gupta. This is required under clause 17 (a) &amp; (b) of building by-laws. The release also stated, \"Buildings which have been occupied without occupancy certificate within the GMC area shall apply for occupancy certificate as per the provision of building by-laws. No residential or commercial building, schools, industries or apartments etc shall be occupied without an occupancy certificate.\"The urban body advised to insist for completion and occupancy certificates as it ensures structural safety and design as per the standards and construction of the approved plan. It is further cautioned that failure to obtain occupancy certificate shall invoke appropriate provisions of Guwahati Municipal Corporation Act, 1971, the release stated.\"44 private hospitals in Guwahati that were asked to comply with fire safety norms after the AMRI incident in Kolkata have replied to the GMC within a week. Soon after the verification, an inspection of the fire safety norms at the hospitals will be carried out to ensure that the buildings comply with the National Building Code of India (part IV) that specifically deals with provisions to ensure fire and life safety norms,\" GMC commissioner Puru Gupta told media persons.A total of 38 schools in Guwahati have been inspected by the GMC in two phases. The schools were reviewed to see whether they were following the fire safety and disaster management norms under the National Building Code or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11344935", "title": "No Duronto to Kolkata from Patna yet", "text": "PATNA: In the railway budget for 2011-12, the then railway minister, Mamata Banerjee , had announced to run a Duronto train between Shalimar near Kolkata and Patna Junction. But the train is yet to chug off even as 10 months have passed since the announcement.According to sources, Shalimar is a new railway terminal near Kolkata in West Bengal under South Eastern Railway (SER). This newly-built terminal is located on Patna-Kharagpur route linking directly to a terminal from where most South-bound mail and express trains originate.Sources said the railways has not yet decided the date and route for the introduction of Patna-Shalimar Duranto train. The proposed new train would run after a final decision is taken on its route and schedule. As per the proposed plan, the railways intends to run it tri-weekly, covering the distance in about eight hours.Bihar Daily Passengers Association has urged the railways to run superfast trains like Duronto on the Patna-Delhi, Patna-Bangalore, Patna-Pune and Patna-Mumbai routes to cope with rush of passengers for these places. The association is of the opinion that railways was financially capable of running superfast trains on these routes, said its general secretary B N Sahay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11346870", "title": "29 kids in an 8 seater cab", "text": "AMBALA: While residents of Behta and nearby villages were rushing the kids, who were injured in an accident that took place near here on Monday morning, to various hospitals and heath centres, Vikram Singh , one of the two directors of Arjun Public School, was still at home.Despite the fact that the Ambala district administration had ordered change of school timings for primary students to 10am, this school was among majority of the private schools which continued to function at the old timing, i.e. 8am. The school management had no reply when asked for the reasons behind 29 children travelling in an eight-seater cab.\"I was at home when somebody from the village informed me about the accident and we rushed our staff to the spot and various hospitals. Normally, the van would have 12 to 15 children. How, he had picked up kids from two villages, is still a mystery to me,\" Vikram, who identified himself as one of the two directors of the school, said. \"We have also asked the class teachers to provide us complete details about the identity of school kids who were travelling in the van,\" Vikram told TOI over phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346677", "title": "Chennai youth devises a new method to curb movie piracy", "text": "CHENNAI: In 'Pirates of the Caribbean' , one of the frames show a stone on the beach where Jack Sparrow walks. When the same movie is watched in another theatre, the stone is missing. It is not the fault with the print, but a frame manipulation technique devised by an engineering and MBA graduate to fight piracy.While filmmakers and police break their heads over piracy , 23-year-old J L Dheepan has invented a method which he feels will help detect and check piracy. He has patented his invention and named it the 'pirate predator' . \"This is like watermarking, but different. Using the technique, we can find out from which theatre piracy happened. The important aspect is that we can track the print,\" says Dheepan.To employ the technique, the production house has to provide him with a scene from every print that is distributed to theatres. \"I just need one scene; it can even be a song sequence . In each print, I will add an object. It could be a stone, an extra petal on a flower or some sparks. It cannot be detected by anyone except me,\" he says. He then records the details and gives it back to the production house for distribution. \"Maintaining a record is important. I record the details of objects placed in the scenes of various prints and the production house has to maintain a log book of the prints sent to theatres ,\" said Dheepan.If there are pirated versions of the movie, the producer has to hand over the DVD to Dheepan, who can then find out in which theatre piracy happened. \"I have to check the scene in which I have placed the object or made the manipulation. Then I can identify the print and find the theatre ,\" he said. Dheepan has completed over 70% of work in tackling MP3 piracy too. \"I insert sounds in different tracks and then give it back to the music company. The method is similar to that which I have used for video piracy. It can be used for video game piracy too,\" said Dheepan.He got the idea when he was designing a share market video tutorial. His brother and his friends , all engineering students , helped him design the technique.Ganesh Raj, chief executive officer of Pirakill, a copyright and anti-piracy firm says the technique will be useful if tracking is possible. \"Hidden images, objects and codes are often added to films. But no one knows in which frame. There are 12 to 24 frames per second, so it is difficult to track them,\" said Ganesh.M Sudhakar, additional deputy commissioner of police , cyber crime cell said \"Dheepan's method will be very helpful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11344887", "title": "11 traffic cops sent to lines", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eleven traffic police officers, including two inspectors, were sent to police lines after a vigilance probe found that hundreds of commercial vehicles were being allowed to ply illegally in north Delhi.Police sources alleged cops of Ashok Vihar and Rohini traffic circles were taking bribes for allowing the commercial vehicles to carry construction material for various industries in the neighbouring areas.Many traffic circle in-charges have been found guilty of improper functioning in 2010, they alleged. While 11 officers have been already sent to traffic lines in this case, in 2010 several traffic inspectors have met with a similar fate for incompetence or improper functioning, officials said.While traffic inspectors of Seemapuri, Tilak Nagar, Rohini and Ashok Vihar have been transferred for allowing such illegal activities, a traffic inspector of Civil Lines was suspended on similar charges, the police said.The sources said two traffic inspectors of Ashok Vihar and Rohini circles, Surender Singh and Bhanu Pratap respectively, as well as a sub-inspector, an assistant sub-inspector, two head constables and five constables were transferred to traffic lines after the vigilance probe found them guilty.Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner of police (traffic), confirmed the action taken, saying, \"After the facts came to light and some vehicles impounded, we transferred the errant cops.\"The sources said, the cops had received a complaint that commercial vehicles were plying illegally in north Delhi. \"The complainant had sent about 60 pictures of tractors plying illegally at Sainik Vihar in Rani Bagh, which comes under Ashok Vihar traffic circle. The tractors were carrying debris for construction work and a hefty sum was allegedly paid by the owners of these vehicles to the traffic cops,\" alleged a source.The vigilance unit of the traffic police was seized of the matter and they found that hundreds of vehicles were plying illegally in the area, the sources said. A raid was carried out on Thursday by the vigilance team in which 10 tractors were impounded within 15 minutes. \"The staff of the two traffic circles was then interrogated and it was found that commercial vehicles were hardly prosecuted by the officers. The vehicles were allowed to even cross over Ring Road after paying a bribe to traffic officers,\" alleged a source. A traffic inspector of Seemapuri and a zonal officer were also sent to traffic lines after they were found guilty. A traffic inspector (TI) and a zonal officer (ZO) of the Civil Lines circle were suspended and departmental action initiated against the TIs and ZOs of five other traffic circles - Tilak Marg, Kotwali, Daryaganj, Lajpat Nagar and Sarita Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344664", "title": "Ashram officials kept matter under wraps", "text": "NAGPUR: The CID which is investigating the loss of Mahatma Gandhi's spectacles from Sewagram Ashram in Wardha has failed to show any results. The TOI had been tracking the issue ever since the theft came to light on June 14. The theft had taken place sometime in November 2010 but the ashram officials deliberately kept the matter under wraps for several months.After TOI reports, the government handed over the enquiry to state CID. The ashram officials have invited wrath of Gandhians across the globe for being negligent with Bapu's memorabilia. Gandhiji's grandson Tushar also demanded that the Ashram shift the belongings, worth crores in international market, elsewhere if they could not care for them. Gandhiji lived in Sewagram from June 1936 to 1946.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344227", "title": "BJP begins interviews for NMC poll aspirants", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party stole a march over other political parties by beginning interviews of hopefuls for Nagpur Municipal Corporation elections likely to be held in mid-February. On Monday, it started with South Nagpur assembly constituency for which 149 candidates were interviewed for 12 prabhags. This will be followed by South-West assembly constituency on Tuesday.The parliamentary board comprising senior leader Banwarilal Purohit, four city MLAs, city president Anil Sole, spokesman Girish Vyas, mayor Archana Dehankar, standing panel chief Sandip Joshi, Pravin Tatke, party general secretaries Sanjay Bhende, Girish Deshmukh, Sumitra Lule and city women's wing president Geeta Chhadi interviewed 85 men and 64 women aspirants. With 50% seats reserved for women, every prabhag would have a female contestant and then there are reservations of various castes complicating the selection process.South Nagpur has strong ticket claimants like ex-mayors Kalpana Pande and Pushpa Ghode and ex-deputy mayor Chhotu Bhoyar. Candidates who were interviewed are Chanda Dhote, M Meshram, Deepak Chaudhary, Bhartbhushan Gaidhane, and Krishna Ghule.BJP-led Vikas Aghadi that rules NMC is desperate for retaining control. The party, however, has suffered a minor setback already with Lokmanch deciding to leave it and join the Congress-led alliance. Lokmanch floated by ex-mayor Sardar Atal Bahadur Singh has been with BJP for last two civic elections and its decision to part ways with BJP could be a psychological blow. Lokmanch had three corporators in the outgoing house.Shiv Sena has staked claim to 51 seats. What is worrying is that a dozen of these are from the 'Hindu' belt of west Nagpur which is BJP stronghold. City BJP president Anil Sole said the demand was unrealistic. \"Sena should look at winnability of candidates. I am sure we would arrive at a fair formula and two parties would fight the elections with common goal of regaining power in NMC,\" said Sole. In last civic polls, the talks between the two parties had fizzled out and the Sena contested only 12 seats winning eight of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11343973", "title": "\u2018Pending probe can\u2019t justify long suspension\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Pending departmental inquiry or disciplinary proceedings can't be used as grounds to place government employees under suspension for a long period of time, observed vice-chairman of the Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal (MAT) A P Sinha.\"Even the apex court has made it clear that long continuation of suspension and pending disciplinary proceedings make it punitive and unlawful. An employee is placed under suspension to prevent him/her from tampering with the evidence or influencing the witnesses. In the present case, no such material has been placed on record to indicate such a possibility,\" Sinha observed in his five-page order while disposing of an application filed by a revenue department employee, S S Gaikwad, against her suspension.Expressing displeasure over the state government's failure to appoint an inquiry officer to probe charges of irregularities against her, Sinha said, \"Gaikwad was suspended for making irregular mutation entries in land records.Though a chargesheet was served on her, neither an inquiry officer nor a presenting officer was appointed despite the passage of more than a year. No explanation for the inordinate delay has been offered.....without going into the merits of the case, I am directing the government to reinstate her subject to the outcome of the disciplinary proceedings against her,'' Sinha observed.The MAT observed that the only reason given to justify the suspension order was that the allegations against Gaikwad were serious in nature while the naib tehsildar who had certified the entries made by her was quickly reinstated.Sinha's order assumes significance for 19 lakh-odd state government employees. At present, quite a large number of employees is under suspension as the departmental inquiry against them is pending. \"Suspended employees are at the mercy of the inquiry officer. Even for a minor error, employees have to suffer for a better part of their lives,\" a senior bureaucrat said.The bureaucrat has called for a permanent mechanism for completion of departmental probes in a time-bound manner. \"As has been observed by the apex court, an employee can't remain under suspension for a prolonged period. Government should set up an independent mechanism for the purpose. Appoint senior officers exclusively to conduct departmental probes. They should be asked to complete the probe within three months,\" he said.While special inquiry officers conduct probes against IAS and IPS officials, no such mechanism exists for the rest of the employees. \"Employee organizations should take up the matter with the CM and the chief secretary,\" he said.As has been observed by the apex court, an employee can't remain under suspension for a prolonged period. Government should set up an independent mechanism for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344440", "title": "North Maharashtra University initiative to save Satpudas", "text": "NAGPUR: North Maharashtra University (NMU), Jalgaon, has stepped beyond just providing information by proposing to set up a 'Satpuda Study Centre' to preserve Satpudas, the tallest and most widespread mountain ranges of central India that are also rich in wildlife and biodiversity.Satpudas rise in eastern Gujarat near the Arabian Sea running east through Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh all the way to Chhattisgarh. Once heavily forested, most of the forests have been destroyed. Still, some significant stretches remain. These enclaves provide habitat for India's remaining large mammals like tigers, gaurs, dholes, sloth bears, chousinghas, blackbucks etc.The centre will be based in NMU and is being proposed by the NGOs. The decision has been taken after a discussion with them. The proposal is expected to be forwarded to the government next month, said Dr Sudhir Meshram, vice-chancellor, NMU.Rising to altitude of more than 1,300 metres above sea level, Satpuda ranges have excellent topology and nestle rare species of flora and fauna. The mountains have rich forest cover, excellent biodiversity, and a large variety of wildlife species and hence needed to be conserved, he felt.\"This seems to be the only way to protect this region, the world's largest contiguous tiger habitat. Or else what are we going to show to our future generation,\" Dr Meshram told TOI from Jalgaon.The centre will involve NGOs and academic staff for data collection and identification of rare plant and animal species. \"This is needed for systematic and collective efforts to save biodiversity of Satpuda,\" felt Rajendra Nannavare, convenor of Paryavaran Shala (School of Environment). The Shala had submitted the draft proposal to the NMU for setting up the centre in the university campus with extension centres in villages inside Satpuda.The proposal for the centre is being formulated after a discussion session to get inputs from stakeholders on December 23. Kishor Rithe, member, National Board for Wildlife (NBWL), who was keynote speaker at the session, said research based on scientific and academic works as well as public awareness campaign was required in Satpuda.\"This cannot happen without participation of local community, voluntary organisations, academic institutions, forest officials, policy-makers and media,\" he added.The Satpuda region of Maharashtra has two sanctuaries viz. Yawal and Aner besides Taloda reserve forest. Yawal borders Madhya Pradesh and is linked with Aner sanctuary in Dhule and Ambabarawa sanctuary through a vibrant corridor.Further, in the east lies Wan and Narnala sanctuaries and then Melghat tiger reserve, which is in turn connected to the forest of Satpuda ( MP), and from there to Pench. This connectivity is most significant for the tiger habitat. Recently, Jalgaon district collector formally announced presence of tigers in Wadoda range of Jalgaon division.\"There is urgent need for ground surveys and scientific assessment to guide conservation action aimed at maintaining the viability of existing tiger habitats and even expanding them,\" added Rithe.Satpuda Centre's Will:* Conduct projects and programmes for conservation and protection of the biodiversity* Develop information &amp; documentation centre, audio-visual library on Satpudas* Study and protect traditions and customs of tribes* Explore possibilities of employment* Develop institutional set-up for researchers, academicians, students, and activists* Make efforts to protect endangered species* Organize field visits and activities for students, activists, journalist and interested like-minded people* Proper coordination between scientists, activists, academicians, administration, communities* Conduct short-term courses about biodiversity, wildlife, bird-watching and environment* Organise workshops, seminars, nature camps in Satpuda", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344035", "title": "NMC's sanitary worker eyes berth in the house", "text": "NAGPUR: Almost all staffers of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) may be wanting a promotion. One sanitary worker, however, is wanting a seat in the NMC House itself. He wants to contest the forthcoming civic elections. That may not be very far-fetched idea, either. Three of the four NMC staffers who contested elections before, made it to the house.The latest aspirant Kamal Prakash Pasrekar is a permanent sanitary worker from NMC's Mangalwari Zone. He has submitted an application with the NMC administration asking permission to contest the elections. The general administration department has forwarded the application to the office of NMC's superintendent of election. The officials told TOI, Pasrekar or any staffer who wishes to contest the election has to resign from the NMC as per provisions in the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act. \"Even a registered contractor with the NMC has to cancel his registration for contesting the election. There is no question of accepting such application,\" said an official.\"I have decided to contest from Rambagh ward No 50. I would contest on Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) ticket and am sure to emerge victorious. I too wish to serve the citizens as a corporator. NMC has not replied to my application. I hope there would be no need to resign going by two such cases in the past,\" said Pasrekar.In the past, four staffers of NMC had resigned their job and contested the election. Three of them including Rajjan Chauriya who worked as security guard, Deva Usre, a sanitary worker, and Prabhakar Nagre, a class-III employee working with Filaria and Malaria Department had contested in 1997. One Prabhu Arkel, sanitary worker contested in 2002. Interestingly, all of them except Nagre who contested from Shivaji Nagar as an independent candidate won the elections. Arkel contested on BJP's ticket. All three, however, were defeated in their next attempt.Quitting and contesting the elections is a big gamble as the staffer is unlikely to be taken back if he loses. \"I had faith in the citizens and got elected from TB Ward in 1997. I got 2,100 votes in 2002 elections but did not succeed. I am contesting again this time and hope to emerge victorious ,\" said Chauriya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11346800", "title": "Neon lights for gate leave motorists unsighted", "text": "PANCHKULA: The installation of high intensity neon lights at the Mata Mansa Devi Singh Dwar to improve the visibility of the landmark is blinding commuters during night. Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) had set these up. But the lights have made the stretch near the gate accident prone.\"The project must have passed through many officials and many stages to reach the chief administrator, but none of them could spot this mistake,\" said Garima Chauhan, a resident of Sector 4, Mansa Devi Complex.Rahul Bhalla, a resident of Sector 7, Panchkula, said he had started avoiding this main route during night. \"Since the time the lights have been fitted, I have started avoiding this route despite the fact that it is the shortest. Recently, I banged into someone's car as nothing was visible.\"\"Does only beauty matter to the HUDA and not practicality? This is a very important area. Thousands of commuters pass under this gate daily. Officials are ignoring the inconvenience that is being caused to commuters,\" said Ridhi Sharma, a resident of Sector 6, Panchkula.Meanwhile, HUDA officials expressed ignorance about the problem. \"I did not know the lights were giving this kind of problem to commuters. I will go tomorrow and look into it as safety of the commuters is most important to us,\" said superintending engineer N K Verma. On December 24, a youth had a narrow escape when he rammed an SUV due to the low visibility. Also, there are many incidents on the stretch that go unreported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345095", "title": "Police station details at a click", "text": "NEW DELHI: Details of police stations in the capital are now just a click of the mouse away. Delhi Police will provide information on the over 150 such facilities across the city on its official website - - under the title 'To Know Your Police Station' from tomorrow.The public can avail of details of how to reach a particular police station and find out the name of the station house officer and beat officers of the particular areas, besides other information. \"This is going to be of great help to the public as they can get details about the police station. This is part of reaching out to the public,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348465", "title": "Bigg Boss 5: Salman doesn't want Hrithik!", "text": "Khan refuses to allow Roshan Jr on the show, gets Imran Khan insteadHrithik was supposed to promote his upcoming release Agneepath on the grand finale of the TV show. Sanjay Dutt, the main villain of the film, being a part of the show should have helped the marketing initiative. However, Salman has put his foot down. Khan has now asked Imran Khan to promote Karan Johar's next production Ek Main Aur Ek Tu on the grand finale.Sources from the industry believe that Salman's decision to invite Imran Khan instead of Hrithik on the show stems from his off-screen equation with the respective stars. While Salman is rather fond of Imran, and has been rather vocal with his praises for the younger actor, the same cannot be said about his equation with Hrithik.It can be recalled, that Hrithik's comments on Salman's outburst about Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Guzaarish did not go down too well with the latter. So, when he was told that the team of Agneepath, which included Hrithik, Priyanka Chopra and Sanjay Dutt would grace the grand finale of Bigg Boss, Salman refused to entertain them. A source close to the production unit for the show revealed that Salman apparently, made it clear that he is the heart and soul of the show and Sanjay Dutt was only holding up the show in his absence.However, though Hrithik won't be a part of the visiting entourage , producer Karan Johar remains a constant. Considering both Hrithik's and Imran's films are from KJo's stable, the filmmaker will be very much a part of the finale. When contacted, Karan even confirmed that he would be gracing the show with Imran in tow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346557", "title": "'Declare pilgrim pockets in Tirupati as liquor-free zones'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tirupati ushered in the New Year amid religious fervour as VIP pilgrims trooped in to have darshan of Lord Venkateswara on Sunday. But one worrying aspect that could take away the shine off Tirupati's sanctity as one of the major temple towns in the country is the staggering sale of liquor and the flourishing liquor business.In fact, experts are worried that the mushrooming belt shops in and around Tirupati could see a repeat of what has happened in Mylavaram in Krishna district where 18 people fell prey to illicit liquor.Though there was a proposal to make Tirupati a liquor-free zone two years ago, it has been lying in cold storage and trade experts assert that enforcing prohibition in Tirupati is impossible. The only hope of limiting the sacrilege came when excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana said recently that the government would consider stopping issuing new licences to liquor shops so that liquor flow could be contained in the holy town. This means that there would be no ban on liquor but at least efforts would be made to contain the flow of liquor. \"Total ban on liquor may not be possible and Tirupati is no exception since it involves huge revenues\" reasoned Hindu Dharma Protection activist T Hanuman Choudhary. He felt any change could be brought about by individuals, but not through enforcement of ban.Tirupati like any other town has a large dose of liquor shops and bars. There are 42 liquor shops, 12 bars and more than 100 belt shops in the town. Though there is hardly any distance between the railway station and bus stand, the stretch has several liquor shops, two bars and four belt shops. \"With the city teeming with pilgrims, it is a difficult proposition to stop the mushrooming of liquor shops. The authorities should maintain Tirupati's sanctity in the same way as is being done in the famed Vatican City ,\" BJP leader S Srinivas told TOI.The booze story of Tirupati does not begin or end at the bus stand. Both Nandi circle and Tirumala bypass road in the town witness maximum pilgrim traffic. On the bypass road alone, all along the 2-km stretch, there are at least 10 liquor shops and six belt shops. From 4 am till midnight, these shops do a brisk business raking in about Rs 1-1.5 lakh each per day. Sources said the number of bottles sold would be anywhere between 1,000 and 2,000 a day.\"It is almost impossible to ban liquor in Tirupati as it is visited by pilgrims from all parts of the country. But the least the authorities can do is to declare some liquor-free zones where pilgrim traffic is heavy,\" temple protection committee member Kamalakar Swami felt.Sources said no new licences would be issued around Tirupati railway station to the bypass road till Alipiri in the coming season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "11344850", "title": "Six die in separate road mishaps", "text": "BIKANER: Five persons from Jaipur died when their car was rammed by a truck along the Ratangarh mega highway in the district on Monday.The incident happened around 9.30 in the morning when S N Bhandari (65), Sheela Bhandari (60), Pramod Somani (50), Ranjana Somani (40) and Arpita Somani (18) were travelling to Salasar Balaji temple at Sujangarh for 'darshan' by car. The collision was so severe that the car was totally crushed under the truck leading to the death of all five persons inside the car bearing registration number RJ14-G 1698.All victims were residents of Khatipura area in Jaipur, T Guite, IGP Bikaner told TOI. He said the truck was carrying some chemicals and lost balance.The driver of truck bearing registration number RJ16-GA 1161 fled from the spot. Some passers-by informed the Ratangarh police station about the accident. Police arranged for the postmortem of the bodies at the government hospital in Ratangarh and informed the relatives in Jaipur. The relatives of the deceased rushed to Ratangarh and took the bodies.Guite said Ratangarh police has registered a case under sections 279 and 304A of the IPC against the absconding driver and seized the truck for further investigation.In another mishap, a biker was run over by a speeding truck in front of St Wilfred College in Shiprapath area of Jaipur. The deceased identified as Monu alias Bhanu Khurana was a resident of VT Road in Mansarovar.\"The truck is yet to be identified as it sped away after the accident. The deceased worked in a factory,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11344902", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: CBI to use aeriel device to look for body", "text": "JODHPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) used a special high-resolution camera fitted on a remote-operated aerial device that can photograph objects buried in the ground to search for missing nurse Bhanwari Devi's body.CBI sleuths also interrogated former minister Mahipal Maderna's wife Leela for the second day on Monday. She was grilled for two hours on Sunday and for about 6 hours on Monday.On Sunday, CBI sleuths searched about 2 km stretch of Rajasthan's Jaloda village and a canal nearby for the body. The remote controlled device was airborne for nearly two hours at a height of 200-300 feet and took pictures of a vast stretch of the area.\"The team will return on Tuesday and collect more pictures of the area. Sunday's scanning did not yield any result,\" a CBI source said.Om Prakash Bishnoi, brother and member of Bishnaram Bishnoi's gang, reportedly told investigators during interrogation that Bhanwari had been buried in Jaloda. It is suspected Bishnaram, a resident of Jaloda, dumped Bhanwari's body somewhere nearby. He is Sahiram Bishnoi's accomplice, said a source.A CBI court on Monday extended Sahiram's custody till January 6. He had surrendered before the court on December 23.The court also remanded Malkhan Singh Bishnoi in judicial custody till January 16. He was in CBI custody.The court allowed the CBI to take Sahiram to jail to confront Mahipal Maderna and two other accused - Sohan Lal Bishnoi and Shahabuddin.CBI's chargesheet, filed on December 2, said Sahiram was allegedly directed by Maderna to kill Bhanwari. Sahiram had allegedly engaged Sohan Lal and Shahabuddin to kidnap and kill her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11344463", "title": "13 bikes, 30 phones recovered from trio", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police arrested three notorious thieves involved in around 13 vehicle thefts and two dozen house burglaries on Monday. The accused were identified as Rocky, Chinnu and Suraj of Sector 25. Police recovered 30 cell phones, 18 display screens, two laptops, three wrist watches. The 13 stolen two wheelers were also recovered from their possession. SHO of PS 11 Inspector Gurmukh Singh said mastermind of the gang Rocky had started stealing vehicles after his financer had forcefully confiscated his auto in March, 2010. The accused, later included Chinnu and Suraj in his gang, the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11347808", "title": "Brother-sister found murdered", "text": "NEW DELHI: A brother-sister duo were tonight found murdered in their residence in central Delhi, police said.The incident was reported from Ranjit Nagar at around 8.45 PM and the deceased have been identified as Vishal (19), a student, and his sister Shivani (23).The father of the duo found them with head injuries on the first floor of their residence. They were rushed to a nearby hospital where they were declared brought dead.A senior police official said they were investigating the motive behind the crime.\"The entry into the residence was friendly, so we assume that some known person or persons are behind the crime,\" he said.The victim's father runs a restaurant in front of Pusa institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11344864", "title": "Congress yet to close debate over CM\u2019s alternative", "text": "JAIPUR: Union minister CP Joshi's open support for ousted minister Ramlal Jat whom he called victim of a political conspiracy is being seen as the ruling party's considered strategy to retain the community votes within the Congress fold.The Congress high command's silence on the issue and its local unit's clean chit to the union minister on allegations of party indiscipline against him arising from the Bhilwara incident appear to support the belief. The political pundits also find the development as the party high command's attempt to create an alternative leadership in the state for future.The state Congress leaders, though, refute the deduction. \"Joshi being an AICC member and a union minister, only the party high command was empowered to consider allegations of indiscipline against him,\" Congress state president Chandrabhan replied on Monday, when asked if the party was avoiding disciplinary action against the Bhilwara MP. He, however, evaded disclosing the report received from the Bhilwara district Congress committee on Joshi's remarks. \"I am yet to study it,\" Chandrabhan maintained.At a farmers rally in Bhilwara on December 18, union minister Joshi publicly empathised with Congress's Mandal legislator Ramlal, who was dropped as minister in the state government following the controversies surrounding him.Ramlal resigned as minister in November on moral grounds after he was accused of having illicit relations with some women occupying elected posts in his constituency. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot accepted the resignation when he reshuffled the cabinet on November 15.Joshi, nonetheless, termed Ramlal's ouster as 'unfair' and even declared at the farmers rally that he would take up the legislator's case with the party high command. Initial reports projected Joshi's remarks as his outburst against chief minister Gehlot since both the leaders are considered competitors within the party.\"Joshi's remarks were actually aimed at striking a chord with the Jat community that was beginning to see the state's Congress government under Gehlot as hostile to its interests. Since Jats have long suspected Gehlot and Joshi is seen as his opponent, the Congress central leadership has experimented with the Bhilwara episode,\" a senior Congress leader said.The party that suffered a series of political setbacks and lost image in the state towards the last quarter of 2011, needed some measures to preserve its traditional supporters like the Muslim and the Jat communities. Both the communities' faith in the Congress was shaken after the Gopalgarh violence wherein Meo Muslims died in police firing and the Bhanwari Devi kidnapping case that put Jat minister Mahipal Maderna in jail. Ramlal's ouster soon after, in addition to the intermittent anti-Gehlot remarks by Congress's Jat leaders like Hari Singh and Sonaram Chaudhary, had further distanced the community from the ruling party.The opposition BJP's near silence on controversies related to Jat leaders troubled the ruling party even more. \"Jat community has many leaders and a few dissenting voices do not reflect its mood. Jats are still with us,\" party president Chandrabhan, however, claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346574", "title": "Jagan aide Vijay Sai arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Effecting the first arrest in the alleged illegal assets case pertaining to YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy, the CBI on Monday took into its custody Vijay Sai Reddy, the financial advisor of Jagathi Publications and other companies owned by the son of YS Rajasekhara Reddy.Like more than a dozen times before, Vijay Sai Reddy was summoned by the CBI on Monday afternoon for questioning in the Jagan illegal assets case, but by 7 pm, after grilling him for nearly eight hours, the investigative agency arrested him. Vijay Sai is slated to be produced before the CBI court on Tuesday.Confirming the arrest, CBI joint director V V Lakshminarayana said Vijay Sai Reddy has been charged under sections 120 B (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating), 409 (criminal breach of trust by a public servant), 477 (A) (Falsification of accounts) of the IPC and section 13 (2) read with 13 (1) D of the Prevention of Corruption Act.The CBI, which had already filed its FIR in the CBI court in the Jagan assets case, has named Vijay Sai Reddy as the second accused. Jagan is the first accused in the case. While the charge against Jagan is that he conspired with his late father YS Rajasekhara Reddy and rolled out public assets to unscrupulous private investors and got investments into his companies on a quid pro quo basis, the charge against Vijay Sai Reddy is that as the group's financial advisor, he played the role of a main conspirator in clothing the illegal transactions with a seemingly legal cover with the help of his expertise in the auditing and financial management areas. Rerouting of black money into Jagan companies is one of the prime tasks he handled and this made him culpable, CBI sources said.While Vijay Sai Reddy has been maintaining that he cannot be booked under section 409 of the IPC as he is not a public servant, the CBI went ahead and did so on the grounds that he squarely falls under the definition of a public servant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346639", "title": "For a week, traffic cops to give tips on road safety", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Traffic Police on Sunday initiated its 23edition of the road safety week. For seven days that follow, the traffic police will create awareness based on different themes. The week started off with awareness classes for lorry drivers and heavy vehicles drivers .On Monday, a team of traffic police visited Metropolitan Transport Corporation bus depots in Pallavan House, Pattulos Road and Ayanavaram to talk to drivers and conductors . \"A major problem with the bus drivers is their rash and negligent driving which includes over-taking dangerously . Also, buses are not parked in the right places causing inconvenience to other vehicles,\" said a senior police officer.Drivers say they are under extreme stress as the running time between routes have remained unchanged in the last two decades. \"The session was interactive so there was communication between drivers and the police. We also spoke about the dangers of travelling on footboards,\" said the police officer.In the following days, the police will focus on the dangers of driving while talking on the phone, importance of wearing helmets, parking and wearing seat belts. The police will also conduct classes for IT sector cab drivers. The police will have a traffic education van which will visit slum areas . On the last day, classes will be conducted for auto and van drivers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11350113", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan most followed Bollywood celeb on Twitter", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan has surpassed Twitter queen Priyanka Chopra , emerging as the most popular celebrity on the micro-blogging site with 1,850,903 followers.Bachchan, who joined Twitter in 2010, is an avid user of the site and has tweeted 11,108 times till date.The 69-year-old took the number one spot after beating last time winner Priyanka, who now stands second on the list with 1,841,804 followers and 5,693 tweets.The actress follows 138 people among which are Shahrukh Khan , Big B and Hrithik Roshan .Cricketer Sachin Tendulkar came third on the list with 1,786,243 followers and Shah Rukh Khan landed on the fourth position with 1,612,989 followers.Actor Aamir Khan , who has given hits likes 'Taare Zameen Par' and 'Dhobi Ghat', came fifth with 1,506,083 followers on Twitter and 'Dabangg' star Salman Khan ranked sixth with 1,485,203 followers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346661", "title": "Panchayat prez leads gang to kill teen after quarrel", "text": "CHENNAI: The Kancheepuram police on Monday arrested three people, including a panchayat president, for killing a 19-year-old college student following a quarrel during New Year celebrations in Vippedu Colony, 80km from the city on Sunday .Police said an armed gang led by S Arul, (31), president of Vippedu panchayat, entered the house of K Santhakumar and hacked him to death with sharp weapons in front of his father D Krishnan (48) on Sunday night.Police investigation found that Santhakumar had a quarrel with Arul. \"A group headed by Arul was in front of Santhakumar's house on New Year eve. Santhakumar and his father asked them to stop the revelry as it was too noisy. A quarrel ensued, but neighbours defused the situation. Around 7pm on Sunday, a sixmember armed gang barged into the house and attacked Santhakumar. His father, who tried to stop them, was also attacked,\" said superintendent of police S Manoharan .Neighbours rushed Santhakumar to a government hospital in Kancheepuram where doctors declared him brought dead around 9pm. Based on a compliant from Krishnan, Kancheepuram taluk police registered a case and arrested three of the six people on Monday. The arrested are S Arul (31), a member of Viduthalai Siruthaigal Katchi and Vippedu panchayat president, and his friends G Santhanam (26) and M Ashok (26).Police booked them under Section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code. Two police teams are searching for the three remaining accused .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346281", "title": "Cops who held Dawood\u2019s aide yet to get reward", "text": "MUMBAI: A police team which had arrested a 48-year-old aide of underworld don Dawood Ib-rahim over three years ago are yet to receive their cash reward for it.Inspector Ansar Pirzade had led the 11-member team that arrested Karimullah Osan Habib Khan on a tip-off from Nalasopara in Thane district, where he was staying under a fictitious identity in February 2008. Khan - the 125th accused to be arrested in the 1993 Mumbai blasts case - was handed over to the CBI.He had allegedly trans-ported arms and RDX used in the blasts from Raigad district to Mumbra and absconding blasts accused Tiger Memon's residence.The CBI had issued red corner notices for a dozen accused and announced cash reward of Rs 5 lakh for their arrest.\"After we arrested Khan, home minister RR Patil too announced Rs 2 lakh, but three years have passed and neither the CBI nor the state have given us any reward or a commendatory note,\" said a constable, who was part of the team and is retiring next month.A CBI official said that rewards are the Centre's discretion and only it can put forward the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346351", "title": "New rules likely to bring back smiles on Sr citizens", "text": "HYDERABAD: This New Year, the aged and the infirm have a good reason to smile as the state government has framed rules for effective implementation of the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007.The rules clearly specify the procedures and the manner in which the tribunals would hold enquiries while dealing with applications filed by parents against their children and childless senior citizens against their relatives for maintenance.Under the enactment, parents could claim provision of food, clothing, residence, medical attendance or treatment from one or all of their children provided the latter is above 18 years of age. The rules, framed under section 32 of the central enactment, were notified in GO No. 49, which was issued a few days ago.\"The rules will be implemented strictly to help the parents who have been deserted by their children,\" women and child welfare minister Sunita Lakshma Reddy told TOI. She said district-wise tribunals would be constituted to inquire into the complaints of parents.But the aggrieved parents should first approach the appellate committees which would function under the chairmanship of a revenue divisional officer. If the grievance is not resolved at the committee level, then the tribunal headed by the district collector will look into the complaint.The new rules have also a provision that in case of legal heirs not taking care of the parents, a maximum of Rs 10,000 would be paid to the parents. \"It is better to settle the matter amicably through a conciliation officer. Tribunals should play a key role when it comes to dealing with complaints of parents facing serious health problems,\" said senior citizen's activist S Bhuma Reddy.But experts are worried over the role of tribunals in solving the cases. \"A lot depends on the functioning of the district officials in lending a ear to the woes of the complainant and solving their problems,\" observed V Yateendra Yadav, programme manager in a senior citizen's organisation.The rules also provide for supervision on management of old-age homes under section 19 of the Act for housing those senior citizens who do not have means of a shelter. There are about 500 old-age homes in the state -- 100 are being run in Hyderabad alone -- where at least 25,000 senior citizens take shelter. Ten per cent of these homes would get government aid henceforth.The new rules have also a provision that in case of legal heirs not taking care of the parents, a maximum of 10,000 would be paid to the parents", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11344489", "title": "Net banking to shorten power, water bill queues", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration would soon tie up with 80 banks to introduce net banking for payment of electricity and water bills. A service provider has been chosen and the service is expected to begin from next month.City residents will no longer have to stand in queues at Sampark Centres and pay their bills from mobile or laptops. The project has been in the pipeline for nearly two years, but it could not start due to absence of tie ups with leading banks in the region.The payments to be made at the Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) will also be available online and applicants can submit a print out of the receipt to the RLA along with the documents.As of now, cash payments have to be made at the RLA counters for getting driving licence and registration certificates made. In the second stage, the filing of Value Added Tax (VAT) returns by traders in the city will be made mandatory online.Director, Information Technology, Yogesh Kumar said the details had been worked out with the vendor for this e-governance service. The administration is also in the process of providing facilities like customer bills generation on mobile and sending e-receipt of all transaction on mobile so that residents don't have to visit Sampark centres.\"The second generation Sampark centres will also be eco-green, with issuing of e-receipts and electronic payments, which will minimize the use of paper receipts,\" said another UT official. The expansion of services at Sampark will include bringing more services under single window system like issue of the learner's driving licences and payment of taxes of commercial vehicles. The plan is being worked out by Society for Promotion of IT in Chandigarh ( SPIC ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11349523", "title": "BBMP to nail tax-evading IT cos", "text": "BANGALORE: A cash-strapped BBMP has ordered a survey to reassess buildings in tech and business parks for property tax.BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda issued a note regarding this after corporators , during a recent council meeting, expressed concern that building owners in various tech and business parks had not revealed information regarding the actual built-up areas.As per the note, additional director (town planning) has to identify all tech and business parks in BBMP limits and get a prominent private surveyor to assess the built-up areas in these parks for property tax. Subsequently he will have to submit the information to the deputy commissioner (tax) to check whether the findings match the declarations.The deputy commissioner (tax) has been asked to recover tax dues, if any, from errant IT firms identified by the survey.\"We are still in the process of choosing the private surveyor. That IT companies are evading tax is still a speculation. It might not be true in case of all IT companies functioning in BBMP limits . Some companies might have given us false assessment. We will look into it,\" said IA Ramakanth, joint commissioner (revenue).Tax-violating IT companies could be in all zones, particularly in Mahadevapura and Bommanahalli where tech parks are more in number, he added.Numbers say it all Yediyur corporator N R Ramesh alleged that under-assessment of land used by IT companies had caused a loss of Rs 700 crore so far.\"Under the self assessment scheme, IT companies have paid property tax for 69 lakh sq feet of built up area, whereas market research surveys put the actual occupancy at over 3.5 crore sq feet. BBMP revenue records say there are only 13 IT parks in the Palike limits and they pay Rs 60.97 crore as property tax. But in reality, there are 22 of such IT hubs and business parks.The BBMP has issued 130 building plans and 89 of them have been given occupancy certificates to carry out their activities,\" he explained.He suggested that the BBMP use electronic total station (ETS) equipment to figure out land usage by IT companies and business parks through scientific and electronic measurement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11346244", "title": "BSY trains guns on CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Continuing his efforts to stake claim to the chief minister's gaddi or the state BJP president's post, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on M o n d ay sought to k n ow \"whether it was he or former prime minister H D Deve Gowda who had made D V Sadananda Gowda the chief minister\" .Irked by Sadananda Gowda's frequent meetings with Deve Gowda, Yeddyurappa was reportedly upset during his meeting with Bangalore City MLAs on Monday at his residence. Only last week, the former CM had trained his guns on state BJP president K S Eshwarappa, accusing him of being responsible for him losing the CM's gaddi and going to jail. Now, Sadananda Gowda's two meetings with the former PM -- one in New Delhi and the other in Bangalore, in his home office Krishna to discuss the Bangalore-Mysore Infrastructure Corridor -- has purportedly angered Yeddyurappa.Yeddyurappa had convened the meeting of city MLAs to elicit their opinion on his reclaim for an appropriate position. Barring law and social welfare ministers S Suresh Kumar and A Narayanaswamy, the meeting was attended by ministers R Ashoka , V Somanna, Shobha Karandlaje and former minister Aravind Limbavali.Attacking the CM, Yeddyurappa is said to have told the leaders that Sadananda Gowda, a day before becoming CM, had sworn before God that he would give up the chair whenever he asked for it, but was not adhering to the promise. According to him, the BJP went to polls under his leadership and the mandate was given for a full term of five years.\"I was victimized unnecessarily . After this term, I am ready to sit at home or go to Parliament,\" he reportedly told the MLAs. Sources at the meeting maintained that Yeddyurappa was also upset with Sadananda Gowda for repeatedly stating that he would continue as CM for the remaining term.During any crisis in the party, the city MLAs have remained neutral. But this time, they preferred to attend the meeting under the leadership of Ashoka. The exercise to call the city MLAs to attend the meeting started last Saturday with Yeddyurappa's emissary and Tumkur Rural MLA Suresh Gowda dashing to Ashoka's official residence, urging him to save Yeddyurappa . When some of the MLAs suggested that he make one more trip to New Delhi, Yeddyurappa is said to have told them that the party bosses had apparently humiliated him and asked the MLAs to visit Delhi on his behalf.GOING SOFT ON NEW FOE\"Eshwarappa is my good friend. For the past few days, I have been in Bangalore, and he is in Shimoga. So we could not meet each other. We will be meeting soon,\" he told reporters .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344216", "title": "Helmets must for cops from today", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has once again decided to make helmets compulsory for police personnel riding two-wheelers from January 3. Dhanvijay declared at a programme on Monday that he would start enforcement of helmet rule with his own department first, spread it gradually it to other government staffers and finally for the general publicHe was addressing the youngsters at a Road Safety Campaign launched by Regional Transport Office in co-operation with Police Department at RTO office. The drive will continue till January 15. Last year in April Dhanvijay had announced exactly the same thing but could never enforce it strictly enough even for people of his own force. Though traffic police personnel did book some cops riding two-wheelers without helmet, most policemen continued to violate the law.Dhanvijay also declared that the cops would now start recommending cancellation of driving licences of people involved in even minor accidents. They would also seize the vehicle as a deterrent.Dhanvijay may now have acted following repeated criticism about not enforcing the helmet rule and due to high number of deaths in road mishaps due to head injuries. In 2010, in all 317 people had died in road mishaps. In 2011, the number came down to 227 which is still very high. DCP (Traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade told TOI that Dhanvijay had now firmly decided to make helmet compulsory in a phased manner. Dabhade said cops not wearing helmet would be penalized and also a departmental inquiry would be initiated against them by respective zonal heads.He said for the first offence, a fine of Rs 100 would be imposed by traffic police and another Rs 100 would be imposed by the department. For second and subsequent offence, the fine would be doubled and the errant cop would be transferred. Dabhade said, \"The CP has appealed to the people, and also leaders, to extend their cooperation in enforcing the rule. If the cops are on duty and in uniform, they will be expected to wear a helmet,\" he added. CP has also urged citizens, especially youngsters who are involved in a majority of accidents, to use helmets while driving two-wheelers in order to avoid fatal injuries, Dabhade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346528", "title": "State initiates free clubfoot treatment at nine hospitals", "text": "PUNE: Eight centres in as many government-run districts hospitals and one at a private hospital have been opened in the state where free treatment is being given to children with clubfoot deformity.The state health and welfare department has signed an agreement with CURE International India, an international non-governmental organisation, to work in partnership with the government healthcare system to correct the disability caused by clubfoot in Maharashtra.Speaking to TOI on Thursday, joint director (hospital) of the state health department Archana Patil said, \"We signed an agreement with CURE International India on November 17. Awareness on clubfoot deformity and information regarding its free treatment is low in the state. It is important to have a joint initiative at the state level to ensure that the right treatment is provided to every child with clubfoot, thereby eradicating lifetime disability arising due to lack of treatment.\"The eight clubfoot treatment centres have been started at Sub-district Hospital, Bhiwandi, district hospitals in Nashik, Pune, Bhandara, Buldhana, Satara, Osmanabad and state-run Trauma Hospital in Parbhani.The eight centres became functional from December 29, while the ninth centre - privately-owned Bharati Hospital, Pune - has been functional since the last week of November, Patil said.Meanwhile, the training of orthopaedic surgeons working at these centres was organised at the Bharati Hospital on December 28.CURE International India currently works in partnership with governments of Delhi, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Bihar, Kerala and Jharkhand to manage state-level programmes. In Delhi, CURE has over 1,900 children enrolled in the government hospitals and in Karnataka over 700 children are receiving free treatment. In India, over 3,500 children are enrolled in this programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11346297", "title": "Mico Ravi's killers nabbed", "text": "BANGALORE: JP Nagar police arrested nine men for murdering rowdysheeter Ravi alias Mico Ravi. He was hacked to death in front of his wife in JP Nagar on December 29, 2011. The killers planned the murder for more than three months, police said.The arrested are Balamurugan , 23, Raghavendra, 23, Shiva, 21, Harish Kumar, 21, Jagadish, 20, Chandra Babu, 21, Anil, 22 -- all Ravi's rivals. Another man was arrested late Monday night and details were not released to the media.The murder was masterminded and executed by Bala alias Balamurugan. Both gangs had been at loggerheads for a long time and things turned ugly when Bala's brother Paramesh was hacked to death by Ravi's men in July last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344458", "title": "Liquor prices up by 75% in 9 months", "text": "MUMBAI: A B Ghatol, joint commissioner of excise, agreed with the preliminary observations of liquor merchants and bar owners that people drank more beer than IMFL on New Year's Eve due to the steep rise in prices.After March 2011, state excise duty went up by 30-35% on IMFL. Also the Union government imposed a service tax of 10.3% on air-conditioned bars.Added to these was a 10% increase in VAT. All in all, this led to liquor prices going up by 70-75%. So, while some beer brands still sell for Rs 65-70 (650 ml), even cheaper brands of whisky don't come for less that Rs 200 for a quarter.\"Earlier, IMFL enjoyed the lion's share in December 31 parties. Now, beer dominated in most areas with IMFL as second choice,\" said Arvind Miskin of the Maharashtra Wine Merchants' Association. He said a sizeable number drank wine in like Juhu, Napean Sea Road, Pedder Road, Andheri and Malad (W).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11345499", "title": "Karnataka babus get breather on gifts", "text": "BANGALORE: Next time a bureaucrat accepts expensive gifts, he needn't worry. Now, he can do so with the government's blessings. The rule, which restricted Group A, B &amp; C officers against accepting gifts worth more than Rs 5,000, has been relaxed.Taking the depreciation of money value, pay revision of government servants and market rates, the Karnataka Civil Services (Conduct) Rules 1966 have been amended.With this, officers now can accept gifts whose worth is equal to their monthly basic salary. The basic salary varies according to the ranks and promotions.The conduct rules allow the officer to accept gifts during weddings, anniversaries, funerals or religious functions in conformity with the prevailing religious or social practice. While the Group A &amp; B officers were permitted to accept gifts worth less than Rs 5,000, Group C were allowed gifts worth Rs 2,500.The Group D employees come under the lower category and were barred from receiving gifts worth above Rs 1,250. \"Section 14 of the conduct rule says that if any officer or servant accepts gifts worth more than the prescribed limits, he will have to report to the government,\" a senior official in the department of personnel and administrative reforms told TOI.Though such a rule is in place, most of the officers don't report excess gifts and till date no one has been penalized for violation.The New Year has more cheer in store.Another section- where an officer can accept gifts worth Rs 2,500 from a friend having no official dealings with him - has also been relaxed.Group A, B &amp; C officers are now permitted to receive gifts worth half of their basic monthly salary. In this category, the earlier rules permitted Group B officers to receive gifts worth only Rs 1,000 and Group D Rs 500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11343944", "title": "16-year-old hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: Minutes after having a cup of tea with his father, 16-year-old Shubham Mishra hanged himself to death at his Laxman Apartment, Wardha Road residence on Monday morning. His parents suspect repeated failure in college exams pushed him to take the extreme step.Shubham, who had taken admission in polytechnic after class X, was depressed as he failed to clear his first year examination. \"Since he failed to clear the supplementary test too, he decided to take a drop this year,\" said Amit Dubey, a relative.On Monday morning, Shubham appeared very normal to his parents. After an hour, Shubham's mother left for her a private course exam. Around 11 am, Shubham had tea with his father Radheshyam Mishra, a property dealer. Soon after Mishra too left to withdraw money from a nearby ATM. \"Before leaving, Mishra had asked Shubham if he would be fine all alone. Shubham assured his father not to worry and come home soon,\" Dubey informed.When after half and hour Mishra returned, he failed to get any response from Shubham. He kept on ringing the door bell for 15 minutes but in vain. He even tried to break open the front door. Meanwhile, Shubham's mother too returned. She jumped into the adjoining balcony to peep inside. She was shocked to find her son hanging by the ceiling fan. Mishra and his wife broke open the balcony door and rushed Shubham to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead.They told cops that Shubham was depressed over his failure in college exams. \"He was a good sportsman. His parents did not force him to continue studies but he wanted a degree,\" Dubey added.Shubham's elder brother and younger sister are good at studies and this might have disheartened him. Dhantoli police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11346853", "title": "Six booked in connection with youth's death", "text": "KARNAL: Six persons were booked on charges of murdering a youth, Rajesh of Behni Kurd village, whose body was found outside his house. Police officals at Karnal said that after conducting preliminary investigations they had zeroed in on Mukesh alias Kala and another person, also named Mukesh, both of Uchana village, Parveen of Phusgarh village and three others, who had a scuffle with Rajesh and his friends outside Karnal Haveli during a New Year bash on Saturday night. There they allegedly inflicted grievous injuries on Rajesh which proved fatal for him.Rajesh, 20, who was doing his B.Com from a local college, had gone out with his friends to the restuarant on new year's eve. There he reportedly had a fight with some youths after which his body was found outside his house with injury marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346412", "title": "Suicide attempt", "text": "HYDERABAD: A nursing student of Osmania Hospital attempted suicide by consuming poison because of alleged harass ment by her supervisor on Sunday. She is now recuperating at the Osmania Hospital.The Tapachabuttra police said Priyanka,22, consumed vasmol after she got depress ed about the harassment meted out to her by her supervisor Sulochanna. \"Priyanka left a suicide note stating that she was being harassed by her supervisor,'' Tapachabuttra inspector S Murali Krishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346740", "title": "2 complaints against PGI dismissed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two consumer complaint cases filed against PGI in the district consumer forum, Chandigarh, have been decided in favour of the institute.In a complaint filed by Manjeet Kaur, wife of Surjeet Singh from Sahouli village in Ludhiana, the complainant said her son Kuldeep Singh, who remained under treatment in the department of cardiovascular thoracic surgery in PGI, died, as he was not attended to by the department. She sought a compensation of Rs 10 lakh on account of mental agony and physical harassment. The complainant sought a refund of Rs 1,37,909 spent by her on the purchase of surgical equipment and stents.Kaur said she had arranged Rs 1.5 lakh from different government agencies and non-government organizations including ministry of health and family welfare and the amount was deposited in PGI.PGI stated, the patient was a case of rheumatic heart disease with pulmonary arterial hypertension, and he was irregular in visiting the hospital. On being admitted to hospital, he was continuously monitored by a team of doctors led by the surgeon. The surgical items were purchased by the PGI, whereas the complainant claimed that the said items were purchased by her, so her assertion was found wrong. The treating doctor never advised the complainant to purchase any surgical items, said PGI. In view of the above, it was held that the complainant was not entitled for the refund. The unused funds according to normal practice are sent back to these agencies. The complainant failed to prove any deficiency in service on part of PGI and the complaint was dismissed.In another case filed by Chamkaur Singh, son of Harbans Singh from Mohali, it was stated that the patient remained under treatment in the general surgery department. The complainant alleged that during the surgery, the team of doctors acted negligently which caused permanent physical damage to his father. Chamkaur sought compensation of Rs 9.5 lakh along with interest at the rate of 18% per annum.PGI said in its defence that the patient had a problem of the parotid gland and swelling on the right side of the parotid gland for more than 30 years. The treating doctor advised surgery after explaining all risks involved including the possibility of facial nerve injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11347983", "title": "ACWA claims IT scam worth crores, demands probe", "text": "Itanagar: The All Arunachal Contractors Welfare Association (ACWA) has alleged that the information technology department has awarded a state data centre (SDC) project worth Rs 9 crore to the Karnataka State Electronics Development Corporation Ltd (KEONICS) without floating tender during the last political unrest the state witnessed.According to documents sought through the RTI, the ACWA claimed the file was processed by the then IT commissioner through a scientist of the Arunachal State Council for Science and Technology, who was functioning as the ex-officio IT deputy director. The work was then awarded to KEONICS without following tendering procedures against standing government orders and court rulings.The State Wide Area Network (SWAN), which acts as a backbone for supporting the e-governance initiative was also awarded to KEONICS without tender and Rs 13 crore released in two installments, the ACWA claimed.On physical verification of the projects, the Association found that no work of the SDC project had been executed and 30% of the SWAN works executed, while the funds were released on being certified by the ex-officio IT deputy director, it alleged.Expressing its dismay at the corrupt practice, the ACWA demanded immediate suspension of the IT commissioner and ex-officio IT deputy director, cancellation of the work orders and an inquiry to unearth the truth behind the alleged scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346460", "title": "Anna better, but scan shows osteoporosis", "text": "PUNE: Social activist Anna Hazare's chest congestion, backache and body weakness, for which he was admitted to a hospital here late on Saturday, has reduced considerably. However, the bone scan carried out on the 74-year-old Gandhian on Monday found him suffering from osteoporosis, which the doctors have been suspecting for a while. If he continues to go on fast, the condition will worsen and accentuate knee arthritis which has been nagging him for the past five years, doctors say.\"There is significant improvement in his overall health. The chest congestion has reduced greatly with antibiotics, physiotherapy and nebulisation. His only complaint now is cough, which is being tackled with steroid injections,\" orthopaedic surgeon K H Sancheti told TOI on Monday.Hazare has been advised by his doctor to refrain from any kind of physical exertion, including fasting, for at least a month. \"All other parameters like blood pressure, blood glucose, white blood cell count and creatinine levels are normal,\" Sancheti said.Hazare, who is a known patient of hypertension and joint pain, also suffers from brittle bones. \"A test known as Dexa scan has made it clear that Anna suffers from osteoporosis,\" Sancheti said.\"As per the scan report, Anna's body mass index is 1.11gram per sq.cm. - 30 % below the normal range of 1.38 gram per sq.cm. This means that his bones are weak by about 30 per cent. This will increase the possibility of fractures even in minor bone injury. We have warned him against fasting. Fasting will not only deteriorate the condition but can also take a toll on knee arthritis,\" Sancheti said.Osteoporosis and osteoarthritis are common among the elderly and seen together in many people. While osteoporosis affects the bones, osteoarthritis impacts the joints, Sancheti said.The VIP suite on the second floor of the orthopaedic hospital off Pune-Mumbai highway, where Hazare is besing treated, also has a specially set up intensive care unit. A physician, along with a medical staff member, has been specially assigned the task of looking after Hazare's health.\"He has started taking good amount of food now. But he remains quiet most of the time and doesn't like to talk much. There is some hoarseness in his voice due to viral infection,\" Sancheti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11349106", "title": "Developing skills in West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industry in association with the government of West Bengal announced their mission to set up skill development programmes in West Bengal, recently.Sourav Daspatnaik, chairman of the skill development task force set up by the Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industry spoke on the role of employment exchanges and how they can ideally act as the platform for employers and prospective employees whose skills can be mapped to provide an appropriate opportunity for the employers to select employees with the right practical skills required.Dr Parijat De, director technical education, government of West Bengal highlighted the need for industry participation in skill development programmes through cluster development projects. Dr De said, Cluster development projects have been successful in all parts of the country from Ludhiana to Allepy. It would be no different in Bengal.The cluster development programmes would train for skills applicable in various fields be it handicraft, industrial or even agricultural. Dr De said, Unique skills with great demand would also be given training for, such as the technique of constructing an absolute arch is popular only in Murshidabad. This skill would have great value in the outside market.The trainers of such skills would have to be recruited on the basis of knowledge and experience. The registration for trainers would be open to the public with an easy registration procedure. The details required would be name, area of expertise and contact number. Dr De added, Incubation centres would be setup, so as to encourage trainees to become future entrepreneurs too.Sourav Daspatnaik welcomed the thought and said, It is a necessary step which has not been fully planned, though it would be part of our entire project plan. The next meeting would be on January 31, 2012, when the project plan would be unveiled to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345551", "title": "Amartya Sen's secret of success: The urge to know", "text": "KOLKATA: Nobel laureate Amartya Sen on Monday evening enthralled the audience with his spectrum of knowledge, wit and humour. While replying to the queries of the audience, the 78-year old maestro covered topics ranging from the draft Lokpal Bill to Social Choice Theory to the episode of nobel theft at Santiniketan.Replying to a query on draft Lokpal Bill, Sen said: \"Corruption is a huge issue in India. But such problems (corruption) have to be solved within the structure of democracy.\" It should be done following the Rule of Law. He was speaking after the screening of the 56-minutes documentary on him \"Amartya Sen: A Life Reexamined\" by director and economist Dr Suman Ghosh. The event was organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry.Sen had put forward the example of China's dealing with the problem of corruption and said it has a harsh way of dealing with corruption and perhaps China executes more people in a week than India has done since independence.He said emphasis should be given to eradicate corruption dwelling within the democratic structure in India.The event that was marked to showcase the documentary on the life of Sen, was lauded by many, including Sugata Bose, professor at Harvard University who in the dais with Sen. The documentary that began with Sen teaching in a classroom ended with Rabindranath Tagore's famous poem \"Where the mind is without fear..\", which reflected the personality of Sen.Ghosh at the very outset said it was impossible for him to capture every facet of Sen in this documentary as Sen is a man of multi-faceted personality. Sen said, at the beginning of his career he was studying physics and mathematics, until the time his friend Sukumar Chakraborty insisted him to study economics and mathematics by saying it is more interesting!Sen recollected that so far he had been supervisor to atleast 150 Ph D scholars. \"Of the 150 Ph D students some of them are very famous. Like Kaushik Basu (chief economic advisor to the Indian government) and offcourse Prasanta Pattanaik.\" Prof Sugata Bose underlined the fact that after so many years Sen still prepares till late in the night for his morning lectures.In this film Sen spoke about how he fought back to live longer when he was detected with cancer at the age of 18 years. \"I sort of detected my own cancer. Later doctors told me I have only 5 years left,\" he said. Sen recollected he was under medication and with every passing year he longed to live and he succeeded.On a lighter note, when asked about how careful he is about his nobel medal (after the nobel theft took place in Santiniketan) he said, giggling: \"I have no commodity fetishism! My wife ( Emma Rothschild) has kept it somewhere!\"He also paid reverence to his teachers at the city's Presidency College. He said: \"Education should be geared to opening up of mind and versatility of employment.\"He said his ever curious nature of different things in the world has acted as the catalyst. \"I wanted to satisfy my curiosity about the world. I do want to know about lot of things.\"To leave a mark of Sen's wittiness in the minds of the audience the director said Sen once described his surname to a lady on the other side of the phone as \"Somebody, Everybody, Nobody.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11346935", "title": "E-bill to give fillip to TN's pioneering efforts", "text": "The implementation of the Electronic Delivery of Services Bill 2011, tabled in the Lok Sabha last week, is expected to simplify administration in Tamil Nadu. The state has been a pioneer in the field of egovernance in the country.The health department, among the best in the state in e-governance initiatives , already has a patients' database that can be accessed from any government hospital or health centre.The \"state has already implemented major objectives of the new bill,\" said former state IT secretary Santhosh Babu. Under the new bill, a lot of government information will be in the public domain and services delivered online.The selected data or documents are to be published within \"180 days in public domain and those failing to do so will face penalties up to 20,000,\" said Babu, who took major initiatives, including the introduction of rural BPOs, when he was director of Electronics Corporation of Tamil Nadu (Elcot).Senior state IT department officials say the bill will ensure effective implementation of various online services. \"This is similar to RTI Act. Still, some departments are reluctant to make their offices paperfree and digitise operations,\" said a senior IT department official.An IT expert with the National Informatics Centre said the commercial tax department, the employment directorate and the agriculture department were among the best examples of e-governance services.\"Tamil Nadu started it five years ago. But there are road blocks in many departments. With this bill, departments like education and health can become more accessible to the public. Corruption in transfers of government staff and admissions in colleges and universities can be stopped by making the entire data transparent and putting it in the public domain,\" he said.A consultant with ELCOT said they had already set up hundreds of computer training centres across the state.\"In Chennai alone, we have facilities for training 300 people at a time. There are training centres at every district headquarters and nearly 20,000 government employees have undergone advanced training,\" he said.AHEAD OF COMPETITIONTN's e-governance system is a model for other states. The new bill will ensure that the state's initiatives are implemented properly and benefit the public Disaster recovery centre based in Madurai will ensure zero data loss in real-time data delivery and services. This, in turn, will strengthen the proposed cloud-based data centre Revenue inspectors and village staff will get cloud-based systems Rural BPO policy is in the pipeline TN is the only state to confer CM's award for excellence in e-governance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344416", "title": "TCS to fund Mumbai university tower revamp", "text": "MUMBAI: Tata Consultancy Services pledged a gift of Rs 4.2 crore to the University of Mumbai for repairs and restoration of the university's Rajabai clock tower and library.On Monday afternoon, the university and the I-T firm signed a memorandum at the Raj Bhavan. The Indian Heritage Society has been roped in to carry out the restoration. CEO and MD N Chandrasekaran said, \"The Rajabai Clock Tower and Library is an iconic architectural landmark of south Mumbai and TCS is proud to work with the Indian Heritage Society to completely restore this heritage structure to its original glory.\"The funding will go towards restoring the library, located at the base of tower and also altering its avatar and making it a hi-tech one which houses a collection of rare books. Univ officials said the makeover plan will involve strengthening the structure, cleaning the stones and consolidating them, repairing the damaged portions and removing the biological growth all over the structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "11348012", "title": "IED found in passenger vehicle", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A powerful improvised explosive device (IED), weighing about 5 kg, was recovered from a Sivasagar-bound passenger vehicle at Chabua in Tinsukia district on Monday. Police said the bomb was found by security personnel inside a winger during a routine check near the Tata Tea Referral hospital gate on the NH-37, about 1 km from Chabua, at around 11.30 am. The vehicle was coming from Tinsukia.\"The object was found inside a bag wrapped in polythene sheet and later army experts confirmed that it was an IED. We've detained all seven passengers for interrogation. We're also trying to verify their antecedents from the respective police stations,\" said Rajib Saikia, the OC of Chabua police station. The IED was later disposed by army bomb disposal squad.Unconfirmed sources, quoting eyewitnesses, said Pinky Kurung, a 22-year-old woman from the Bihubar area of Sivasagar, had left the bag in the winger and tried to board a nearby bus on seeing the army and police team. She has also been detained along with the others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346247", "title": "Irrigation official kills self at his residence", "text": "LUCKNOW: Unable to perform his duty properly at his office, a section officer working in irrigation department shot himself to death from his licensed revolver at his residence at Vivek Khand in Gomtinagar area on Monday evening.The section officer was identified as Vibhor Misra, and a resident of 4/498 Vivek Khand, Gomtinagar. According to reports, Vibhor at around 4.00 pm locked himself in a room and shot himself dead from his licensed revolver.On receiving the information, police rushed to the spot and started investigation into the matter. A suicide note was also found.\"In the suicide note, Vibhor stated that he was unable to perform his duty in the office and no one, but he himself was responsible for same. He was also undergoing treatment for the past few years for depression. He further stated that it was because of this that he was ending his life by shooting himself from his licensed revolver and even requested that no one should be harassed for his deeds,\" said circle officer Alok Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11350299", "title": "Management student murdered", "text": "ROHTAK: A hotel management student was stabbed to death by some unidentified persons on the Civil Road here, police said on Tuesday.The incident took place when Manoj Sindhu, a resident of Kheri Saadh village, along with his two friends Suresh and Jaideep was on his way to the HUDA complex from Sector-1 on a motorbike last evening, Rohtak DSP (Headquarter), Sumit Kumar said.As they reached near the complex, some youths, who were waiting for Manoj there, waylaid them and assaulted the trio with some sharp-edged weapons.Manoj died on the spot, while Suresh and Jaideep received serious injuries. They have been admitted to a hospital.The exact reason behind the murder is yet to be ascertained, Kumar said, adding a case of murder against unidentified youths in this regard has been registered and further investigations are on.Manoj was pursuing a Hotel Management course from a private institute in Meghalaya and had come to his home on December 22 last on vacations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346730", "title": "EMU train jumps track at Chennai Central", "text": "CHENNAI: Four wheels of an Electrical Multiple Unit (EMU) train jumped tracks at Chennai Central railway station on Sunday night .Railway and police sources said no one was injured in the incident , which occurred around 10pm. The EMU from Avadi was chugging into the Madras Moore Market Complex at the Chennai Central when four wheels of the last coach derailed and hit an electric post . There were very few commutersin thecoach ,sourcessaid .The train was moving at a speedof 10kmph .Trafficon the Chennai-A rakkonam section was affected for some time . Senior railway officials , including divisional railway manager S Anantharaman rushed to the spot and supervised the relief operations .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346329", "title": "6 pharma cos face PCB axe", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state Pollution Control Board (PCB) has cracked down on six pharmaceutical companies in and around Hyderabad for not complying with environmental norms, especially in the treatment of spent solvents (the impure residue left behind after distillation of solvents).These units - Lakshmi Saraswathi Chemicals &amp; Organics Pvt Ltd, Sri Harsha Organic, Apex Drugs &amp; Intermediates Ltd, Shruti Laboratories, SKR Chemicals and Sujith Chemicals - have had notices slapped on them by the PCB task force and could face closure, PCB officials said.The findings of the task force (formed especially for this job) suggest that these industries, instead of disposing the spent solvents - they should ideally be incinerated in cement plants - are selling these to construction companies who in turn use it to produce bitumen (material used in the laying of roads).\"This is very hazardous as the burning of bitumen with these impure solvents releases many toxic elements into air creating a foul smell and leading to serious health issues. Unfortunately, the city today is enveloped with layers of such poisonous air,\" explained a PCB environmentalist. Worse, these volatile materials, he said, had also got mixed in the city's water bodies, further raising the level of water pollution. \"And while it is life threatening, such practices are also against the Hazardous Waste Management rules which clearly state that trading of spent solvents can only be carried out with distillation,\" the environmentalist added.Meanwhile, what seems to be adding to PCB and environment experts' concern is the surge in the import of spent solvents from neighbouring states driven by such defaulting units in the city. \"With Andhra Pradesh being the capital of bulk drug manufacturing, there is anyway a huge amount of spent solvent that is let out by units within the state. By importing and trading them locally, they are doing further harm to the environment,\" said another PCB official working on the case.The official added: \"The board has decided to take strict action against these units and will be seen cracking down on more such companies over the next few weeks. The defaulting units stand the risk of being shut down if they do not mend their ways.\"PCB scholarship for 50 PhD studentsThe state Pollution Control Board (PCB) will soon be offering PhD scholarships with a monthly stipend of Rs 20,000 to 50 research scholars from the state committed to conducting detailed studies on critical environmental issues. The AP Pollution Control Board Environmental Research Fellowship will be extended to scholars from seven universities, namely the Indian Institute of Technology (Hyderabad), University of Hyderabad, Jawaharlal Nehru Technical University, Osmania University, Andhra University, SV University and Nalsar, for a period of five years. Sharing details of this new initiative, M Dana Kishore, member secretary PCB, Monday said: \"There is a list of subjects in which the board will support research activity.\"He listed the topics as: impact of port activity on health in Visakhapatnam, impact of thermal power projects on the livelihoods of people in Nellore, impact of vehicular air pollution on health in Hyderabad, impact of pollution on the livelihoods of people in industrial areas, mining in scheduled areas and its impact on local environment and livelihoods, critically water polluted areas and livelihoods of fishermen, municipal solid waste dump sites and their impact. Apart from encouraging an in-depth study of environmental issues, this move, the member secretary said, would help to create a strong technical and scientific knowledge base for Andhra Pradesh to better address environmental concerns. Further, he informed that the scholarship amount fixed at Rs 20,000 per month for the first and second year would be raised to Rs 24,000 per month for the remaining three years. A research grant of Rs 1 lakh per year, too, will be offered to scholars for every project they undertake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344688", "title": "VED wants IIIT in Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: The Vidarbha Economic Development Council (VED) has demanded setting up of IIITs in the region for the benefit of the students in the region. VED chief Devendra Parekh said that they had sent a letter to the Maharashtra government to constitute an experts' panel to study establishment of IIIT either at Nagpur, Amravati or Gondia.Blaming government for neglecting the Vidarbha region, Parekh informed that it continues to wait for the HRD ministry's nod to its proposal seeking an IIIT status for two premier institutes, including the Pune-based International Institute of Information Technology (I2IT) and one from Aurangabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11347960", "title": "Winter rain is good for crops: Experts", "text": "KANPUR: Rainfall in this season is very good for Rabi crops, especially those sown on the exact time. Most of the crops are anticipated to have a good production as per the agriculture experts. The past few years were not good production-wise due to unavailability of winter rain.These are the data of past few years of agriculture production and sown area in the state.The wheat production for 2008-09 was 30.02 quintal per hectare when the net sown area of wheat was 95.13 lakh per hectare. While in 2009-10, the sown area was 96.68 per hectare and the production was 28.46 quintal per hectare. In 2010-11, the net sown area of wheat was 96.39 while the total production was 27.89 quintal per hectare.About pulse production in year 2008-09, the net sown area was 5.54 lakh per hectare while the total production was 10.13 quintal per hectare. While in 2009-10 the sown area was 6.18 per hectare and the production was 8.23 quintal per hectare. In 2010-11 the net sown area of wheat was 5.97 while the total production was 7.83 quintal per hectare.While in mustard production, the net sown area in 2008-09 was 6.56 lakh per hectare while the total production was 11.23 quintal per hectare. While in 2009-10 the sown area was 6.13 per hectare and the production was 11.13 quintal per hectare. In 2010-11 the net sown area of wheat was 6.32 while the total production was 11.39 quintal per hectare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345920", "title": "Victims' kin receive first lot of compensation cheques", "text": "KOLKATA: Some families of AMRI fire victims received the compensation cheque of Rs 3 lakh each from the government on Monday. While the money came as a relief for many, the families are yet to come to terms with the loss that can never be replaced by the money. They were thankful to chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her government for keeping its promise.\"The memories keep haunting me. I had to run through rows of bodies in search of my father. Whenever I close my eyes, it comes back. I feel traumatized,\" said Raja Ganguly of Behala whose father J L Ganguly died during the hospital fire. Ganguly's widow Rina broke down on receiving the cheque from police commissioner R K Pachnanda at the Lalbazar police headquarters. Ganguly, 67, who was admitted a day before the fire, was choked to death even before doctors could make a proper diagnosis.\"Officers in Lalbazar, including the police commissioner, listened to the grievances of all the victims' families with patience and sympathy. We felt good to see that human face of the police,\" added Raja. In the first lot, the government handed over a cheque of Rs 3 lakh each to 29 families within a month of the incident. The fire on December 9 had claimed 92 lives. The families were told to be present in Lalbazar on Monday morning . No one had an idea that they were called for the cheque.Though It has been 24 days since the fire, mother Mridula Guha's cries for help keep echoing Paromita Guha Thakurta's ear every now and then. The 57-year old brain tumor patient from Santoshpur was admitted in the hospital a week before the fire. As smoke had been engulfing her ward, around 5.45am, Mridula called Paromita, telling her to rescue her. No hospital employee was escorting her to safety, she had said. But by the time the family rushed to the hospital , Mridula was no more.\"I could hear her requesting the hospital employees to rescue her. I also heard the cries for help from other patients . I felt helpless as I could do nothing. The hospital employees present there could easily have saved my mother,\" said Paramita. Her appeal to the police commissioner was to ensure punishment for the guilty.Tushar Kanti Banerjee, 56, of Durgapur was the only earning member of the family. The technician with Durgapur Steel Plant was getting treated for bone cancer at AMRI. He has been coming to AMRI regularly for a year to get radiation for the cancer. Elder son Subhankar who accompanied him to Kolkata was staying in a relative's place close by. By the time he reached hospital it was too late.\"My father was steady and strong enough to walk to safety. But I am sure he did not hear the commotion around as he was being administered sedatives. Only if the nurses or any other staff around woke him up from sleep, he would have been alive. The government has ensured that the compensation reaches us smoothly. But my father was the only earning member in the family of four. If one of us do not get job the family will be ruined,\" said Subhankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11350002", "title": "MP Cow Progeny Slaughter Prevention Bill gets presidential nod", "text": "BHOPAL: President Pratibha Patil has granted her assent to the long-pending Madhya Pradesh Cow Progeny Slaughter Prevention (Amendment) Bill which proposes seven-year imprisonment for cow slaughter.The Gau-Vansh Vadh Pratishedh (Sanshodhan) Vidheyak has received the Presidential approval following which it has become an act and has subsequently been published in the extraordinary gazette, an official release said today.In fulfillment of its commitment to protecting and conserving cow progeny, the state government had passed the amendment bill in the state Assembly in 2010 to remove the flaws in the Madhya Pradesh Gauvansh Pratishedh Adhiniyam 2004 (Madhya Pradesh Cow Progeny Slaughter Prevention Regulation), the release said.The amendment act also obviated the difficulties and to make the provisions more stringent.With the enforcement of the amended act, now the responsibility of proving the prosecution wrong would lie with the accused in case of cow slaughter.Similarly, a guilty of cow slaughter would be liable to imprisonment for seven years instead of present three years and a minimum fine of Rs 5,000 which may be increased by the court.The amended act provides that no person shall slaughter or cause to be slaughtered or offered for slaughter of any cow progeny by any means.Besides, no person, including transporter, shall transport or offer for transport or cause to be transported any cow progeny himself or by his agent, servant or by any other person acting in his behalf within the state or outside the state for the purpose of its slaughter in contravention of the provisions of the Act or with the knowledge that it will be or is likely to be slaughtered.The amended Act also has provisions for specifying necessary actions for feeding and rearing the cow progeny.Under the Act, any police officer not below the rank of head constable or any person authorised in this behalf by competent authority shall have the power of entry, inspection, search and seizure and to present the case in the court.It may be mentioned here that the state government had forwarded the amendment Bill on September 3, 2010 to the Union Home Ministry for Presidential nod.The assent was received on December 22, 2011. The amended Act has been published in the extraordinary gazette of Madhya Pradesh on December 31, 2011.The state government would take action for enforcement of the amended Act through a notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346748", "title": "Citizens gives corpn helpline a break on New Year day", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents seem to have decided nottobegin theNewYear with complaints . The corporation's helpline (1913 ) received just 35 callson thefirstdayof the year . A day earlier , after cyclone Thane left a trail of destruction , the cell had got 250 calls . On an average , the cell receives more than 100 calls a day .The complaint cell was unusually quiet on Sunday . Corporation officials said the few callers were different from the usually angry or frantic complainants . \"They were relaxed and even wished us,\" said an official .The corporation complaint cell, set up in 2004, had been a receiving around 125 to 150 calls a dayfor aroundtwo monthsbefore cyclone Thane hit. \"We receive around 100calls a dayduring summer , and during bad monsoon monthsit goesup to150calls a day . But, this is the first time we have seen it going up to250 andcoming down to 35 the next day ,\" said the official .Officials say that this number goes against the weekly trend too, because they are usually flooded withcallson Sundays . \"That'sthe day when most people are home , and actually takethetimeto register a complaint ,\" an official said . Thisisoneof the reasonswhy the civic body assumes that residents decidedto givethem an easy day .The complaints though remained generic . \"The usual complaints are on garbage dumping , trees falling and bad roads ; but on New Year morning , they were about power cuts and electric sparks ,\" saidtheofficial", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11347976", "title": "'NSCN (IM) involved in Assam officials' killing'", "text": "SILCHAR: A suspected militant who was arrested in connection with the abduction and brutal killing of two senior officials of a private cement company and a public sector mineral corporation respectively has told police that NSCN (IM) militants were involved in the crime.Barson Ronghang (27), who was nabbed from a place near the Assam-Meghalaya border in Dima Hasao district on December 30, is now being interrogated in the custody of Haflong police station. A senior police officer in Haflong, the headquarters of Dima Hasao district on Monday, said his other accomplice, Chandra Fanchu, is on the run. Police is looking for him.Ronghang, during interrogation, told police that he and Fanchu helped NSCN (IM) militants to abduct Col (Retd) Jatindar Singh Sandhu (62), the general manager of the Umrangshu unit of the private sector Jaypee Cement Limited and Ramen Sharma, deputy manager of state-owned Assam Mineral Development Corporation, from their offices situated at 18 Kilo locality near Umrangshu on November 25 last year.A source said Ronghang and Fanchu collected Rs 50 lakh from the authorities of the said companies as ransom for releasing the officials. Ronghang revealed that 10 armed cadres of NSCN (IM) whisked away Sandhu and Sharma at gunpoint with their help. The duo was later killed on the second week of December. Their bodies were recovered from a jungle near Umrangshu on December 22, nearly 10 days after their killing.The police officer added that it's yet to be ascertained what prompted the militants to kill the officials. A source said while most militant outfits in Dima Hasao have either surrendered or are under ceasefire agreement, NSCN (IM) and NSCN (Khaplang) are engaged in extortion drive in the district. Naga rebel groups are under ceasefire agreement with the Centre in Nagaland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345268", "title": "Minting money, melting coins", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If those into the business of exchanging old currency for new are to be believed then city-based trader Ravi Gupta is just a small fish in the world of racketeers, who are minting money from currency coins.In Ahmedabad there are over 100 traders who hoard currency coins and either sell them off at a premium to those in need or a few who, like Gupta, smuggle it out of Gujarat. The RBI has blacklisted more than 100 city-based traders. This punitive action was initiated when RBI officials suspected that the traders were indulging in illegal activities.Gupta, and his accomplice Jeetendra Rajai, were arrested last week following seizure of around 7 lakh coins from a truck near Dahod check posts. Reserve Bank Of India (RBI) had filed a complaint with Naranpura police station officials in the case.Gupta, who runs a money exchange shop in Bapunagar, told police that he had been availing coins from RBI. As per the norm, public can avail coins through banks selected as currency chests or through RBI. However, those in the illicit trade misuse the allotment of coins and employ men, who posing as working for an eatery or a business firm, procure coins from RBI or other banks.\"Selling coins has become a huge business as any roadside eatery or a grocery store is always in need of change (coins). Considering the profits involved, several traders in the business have employed men who regularly procure coins from RBI and sell them off in the market for a premium.For a change of Rs 500 the dealer would charge anything between Rs 600 to Rs 700 depending on the client,\" said a trader, who has himself employed 20 men to collect coins from RBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11346137", "title": "No undue favour to NSS: Oommen Chandy", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The UDF government has not gone out of the way to help the Nair Service Society (NSS) in any manner. It has conceded only the just demands of the Society and will continue to adopt this approach in the future also, chief minister Oommen Chandy said in Perunna on Monday. He was speaking after inaugurating the 135th Mannam Jayanti celebrations at the NSS headquarters here.In the absence of NSS president PK Narayana Panicker, who is indisposed, treasurer PN Narendranathan Nair, presided over the function.The chief minister who stressed that much importance would be attached to whatever the NSS had to say, said the issues in education field raised by the NSS would be looked into. He also said he felt guilty for the delay in implementing the rule regarding fees structure in recognized unaided schools owned forward communities.\"More than 80% of unaided schools in the state have been charging fees according to their will. But the remaining 20% could charge only the fees stipulated by the government. This was gross injustice. The matter came up before me in 2005 when I was the chief minister. Though we decided to change the rule, elections were declared and we couldn't go ahead with it,\" he said.On other issues in the education field raised by the NSS, Chandy said the government would study them and take a just decision.NSS general secretary G Sukumaran Nair, who delivered the welcome address, said the organization did not have the tradition of asking ministers or elected representatives belonging to the Nair community to stand up for it. \"We only want them to stand up for social justice,\" he said.The NSS, Nair said, had raised certain socially relevant demands and these had been conceded by the government. The demands included declaring Mannam Jayanti a restricted holiday, and constituting a welfare corporation for the economically backward among forward communities. He said the organization had been raising these demands not for the Nair community alone, but for all communities that were being denied the benefits of the reservation policy.Nair also said a Central recruitment board should be constituted for making appointments to the various devaswom boards in the state, and welcomed the UDF decision to form a committee to study this demand.He lauded the government for withdrawing from the Guruvayur land acquisition move and appreciated the authorities for increasing the protection of the Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple in the state capital.Finance minister KM Mani who spoke on the occasion, said the 'Zero Waste Solid Management' project in Sabarimala was a result of a pre-budget discussion he had had with Sukumaran Nair. \"I asked Nair whether he had any suggestions for Sabarimala in the budget, and he told me about this mode of waste management, and within a day he gave me a project report,\" Mani said.The FM, who waxed eloquent on NSS founder leader Mannath Padmanabhan, said he considered Mannam his political guru. \"Mannam was the first to recommend my name as a candidate, and I came to Perunna to seek his blessings before filing nomination,\" Mani said.Ramesh Chennithala , MLA lauded the NSS secretary's call to the members of the community to cut down expenses in connection with marriages. \"Gold is dead money. It's worn just during the marriage ceremony and for rest of one's life it remains unused,\" he said. Ramesh also urged the NSS leadership to start a medical college.Former Indian diplomat Sreenivasan, vice chairman, Kerala State Higher Education Council, also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345074", "title": "Beer sales surge in run-up to New Year", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's excise department grossed a revenue of over Rs 75 crore as excise duty in the week preceding New Year, registering an increase of 24% compared with 2010.Interestingly, the cold weather failed to dampen the spirits of beer drinkers as revenue collections rose over 24%.An assessment of revenue collections from December 23 to December 31 by the excise department shows that revenue from imported liquor was up by 17% and Indian manufactured imported liquor by 16.7% compared with last year. P 3Beer sales rose by 24% as compared to 2010 figures. But buyers bought other liquors too. Vends all over the city were thronged by people, who picked imported liquor, wine, and India made foreign liquor. An assessment of revenue collections from December 23 to December 31 by the excise department shows that revenue from imported liquor was up by 17% and IMFL by 16.7%.As per the excise department, the capital registered a sale of over 5.5 lakh liquor cases with an average of 12 bottles in one case of various IMFL brands of rum, vodka, gin and whisky between December 23 and 31. On New Year's Eve alone, 111 vends of DSIIDC (Delhi State Infrastructure and Industrial Development Corporation) registered sale of Rs 5.25 crore against Rs 4.27 crore, an increase of 25%. During the last week of December, DSIIDC sold liquor worth Rs 21.07 crore against Rs.17.08 crore in 2010, registering a growth of 23.3%.The DSIIDC vend at Shahdara in east Delhi alone recorded a sale of Rs 15.30 lakh on New Year's Eve. The vend sells low-end brands and attracts buyers from Ghaziabad.But south Delhi lived up to its reputation of partying hard. Most women buyers here chose to shop for their preferred brands in the relatively safer confines of a mall, at the plush 'High Times' liquor vends operated by the state at Saket and Vasant Kunj.The DSIIDC \"High Times\" vend at DLF Promenade in Vasant Kunj effected sale of Rs 8 lakh on the New Year's Eve. About 30% of the customers were women as per data collected by DSIIDC on the footfall at the outlet; 50% of the sale here involved imported foreign liquor brands. Popular imported beer brands included VB beer, Carona, and Stella Artois. Top selling imported wine brands included Jacob's Creek, Carlo Russy, Gran Cornas Cabernet Sau and Kim Crawford Marlborough. The DLF Saket mall \"High Times\" vend registered a sale of Rs 5 lakh the same day. Here, 41% of the sale was from imported brands. About 25% of the customers were women.The DSIIDC vend at Masjid Moth near posh GK-II sold liquor worth Rs 14.23 lakh. In west Delhi the Uttam Nagar vend recorded highest sale of Rs 9.81 lakh.According to senior officials the high revenue collection can be attributed to higher consumption patterns, the new duty regime under the Excise Rules for 2011 notified on July 1 and stricter enforcement by excise intelligence in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344400", "title": "Focus on IM man\u2019s Pune terror \u2018link\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) is likely to bring one of the six suspected members of the Indian Mujahideen (IM) to Pune this week. The suspect, Qateel Siddiqui, is at present lodged in a jail in New Delhi.The Delhi police in the first week of December arrested Mohammed Adil alias Shoeb, Siddiqui, Irshad Khan, Gauhar Khomani, Gayur Jamali and Abdur Rehman . Police claimed the six were involved in the blasts at Chinnaswamy stadium, German Bakery and Jama Masjid. The ATS is clear about Siddiqui's role in a case. An ATS officer said, \"Siddiqui is not involved in Pune's German Bakery bomb blast but we want to bring him for questioning in connection with the Dagduseth temple case where a bomb was planted.\"While Siddiqui took part in planting a bomb near the temple, he was not part of the bakery blast case module, said ATS chief Rakesh Maria. The ATS had arrested only one person, Mirza Himayat Baig, in connection with the German Bakery blast. The police are now trying to establish a link between the bakery blast and the temple bomb-planting case.Siddiqui and Baig were involved in ferrying the consignments carrying bombs to various locations in Pune like the German Bakery and the Dagduseth Halwai Ganapati temple.While the blast at the bakery went as planned, the attempt at the temple failed. Siddiqui rushed to Mumbai and threw the explosive that was meant to go off at the Pune temple into the sea at Worli, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344257", "title": "Vidarbha ministers in war of words with Rane", "text": "MUMBAI: Daggers were drawn at the state cabinet meeting held here on Monday over the state textile policy announced last week with ministers from Vidarbha getting into a verbal war with senior Congress minister Narayan Rane .Last week when the much-delayed state textile policy was announced, it was decided that 12.5% interest subsidy will be given to cotton-growing areas of Vidarbha, Khandesh and Marathwada, while other regions (where cotton is not grown) would get 10%. Ministers from western Maharashtra, which has only processing units, ganged up at the state cabinet meet and Vidarbha found itself outnumbered.\"Garment industry in Vidarbha and Marathwada are entitled for 12.5% subsidy, whereas for other regions including coastal belt of Konkan the subsidy is 10 %,\" said Rane while talking informally to the media at Mantralaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345738", "title": "HC relief for Assam ex-minister in graft case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has quashed a corruption case registered by the CBI against a former Assam minister Ripun Bora finding fault with the manner in which a \"trap\" was executed by the agency.Justice G S Sistani quashed criminal proceedings against Bora who was chargesheeted by the probe agency in 2008 after a CBI team from Kolkata set up an elaborate trap to ensnare the then minister in a Delhi hotel without keeping the agency director in the loop.The CBI lodged the case two weeks after the alleged incident. Bora, who was then a minister in the Assam government, was accused of trying to influence a murder investigation against him by bribing a CBI officer.Convinced that Bora allegedly wanted to bribe a government servant, the agency, as per its chargesheet, set up an elaborate trap and arranged a room in Jukaso Inn Hotel with electronic surveillance to nab Bora red-handed giving a bribe of Rs 10 lakh.However, the CBI says Bora became suspicious and stayed away from the hotel for two days, eventually turning up on June 06, 2008, when he was arrested while offering the bribe.But Bora, through his lawyer Madan Bhatia, questioned the CBI's version and argued that there were several inconsistencies. Justice Sistani noted, \"A perusal of the contents of the chargesheet filed by the CBI itself shows the absurdity in the allegation so leveled and the manner in which the trap proceedings were executed by the CBI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346478", "title": "Gold and silver push PMC\u2019s octroi collection up", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has seen a massive increase in octroi collection from silver and gold. The collection has gone up to Rs 15 crore from Rs 71 lakh in the last six years.\"In the nine months since the start of this financial year (2011-12 ), the PMC has collected over Rs 15 crore from octroi on the silver and gold. The octroi department is expecting nearly Rs 4 core more by the end of the financial year,\" Hemant Nikam, deputy commissioner of PMC octroi department told TOI.\"A target of Rs 30 crore has been kept for the next financial year. Gold is not an essential commodity and hence, octroi charges cannot be exempted or lessened,\" he added.Nikam said that the PMC initiated some tough steps to increase octroi collection in the last couple of years. Officials have taken actions against traders who have failed to pay octroi. By fining defaulting traders, PMC managed to create awareness on octroi payment. All this resulted in increase in octroi revenue.Efforts to curb octroi evasion on gold seem to have yielded results. In the first five months of this financial year, the PMC collected Rs 7.5 crore on gold and silver, equivalent to the collective octroi income on gold for the last six years (2003-2009 ). By December 31, the department received three times more octroi, compared to octroi collection for the entire financial year of 2010-2011.PMC's tough stand despite a series of agitations, including an indefinite bandh by merchants, denouncing the octroi charges of 3% (Rs 3 per Rs 100) on gold, help the PMC increase its octroi revenue.The PMC has also upped the number of flying squads from 25 to 35 and has connected the octroi posts with a web camera to curb evasion.\"If more revenue is collected, it is good for the corporation. If trading of any material is taking place in large quantity, then the PMC has every right to collect octroi from it. If a good amount of trading has taken place, then an equal proportion of octroi should be collected,\" said Arvind Shinde, a corporator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "srinagar/new delhi", "code": "11344745", "title": "1 killed in firing at Uri, 5 jawans held", "text": "SRINAGAR/NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old youth, Altaf Ahmad Sood, was killed, and two others injured, when security forces fired at demonstrators protesting against power shortage in Baramulla district on Monday.Although the administration took swift action by arresting five Central Industrial Security Force jawans for the firing, there were fears that the Uri incident could spiral into a crisis like the one in 2010 with stone-pelters running amok after the shooting of Tufail Mattoo.\"Altaf Ahmad Sood died on spot and two others, Abdul Majid Khan (70) and Parvaiz Ahmed Khan (25), were injured when CISF men on duty at NHPC power project at Boniyar in Uri fired to disperse people protesting against power shortage,\" said a police spokesman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346210", "title": "No ramps, railings for disabled students at LU", "text": "LUCKNOW: Instead of providing a friendly environment, Luckow University (LU) is showing an insensitive and hostile attitude towards disabled students. False promises have piled up to a level that differently-abled students have now lost hope in university officials. In mid-last year, LU officials assured that the less privileged will get to avail the ramps and other facilities till December. But things are far from reality.\"There is no sign of ramps anywhere which restricts our free movement on the campus. The university has given cold shoulder to the earlier existing facilities like free food and lodging too,'' lamented Narendra Kumar , a visually impaired BA student.Another disabled student said: \"It's difficult to climb stairs also as there are no railings to support us. We have to depend on others each time we have to meet some official. The university should expedite the work for our betterment.''LU officials had informed in July last that the university had got a clearance of Rs 28.9 crore from the University Grants Commission (UGC) for various disabled facilities including ramps which till date are lying unutilized. To accomplish the task, an additional grant of Rs 29.34 lakh was given to the university by the state disabled welfare department (DWD). Reliable sources informed that the university failed to withdraw the above grant from state government till March 31, which finally lapsed. Principal secretary, DWD, RP Singh had earlier informed TOI that it was an initiative taken by the GoI to make institutions, public offices barrier free. Under this, UP was allocated Rs 10-12 crore. Besides LU, a grant of Rs 32.10 lakh has been sanctioned to Rohilkhand University, Bareilly for construction of ramps and toilets.Another plan was made by former superintendent of works which was sent to the state government. Under this, Rs 320.82 lakh was put for lifts and ramps, and Rs 12.04 lakh for special washrooms, the status of which is unknown. In the state university, nearly 25 spots where identified for the purpose. LU officials said that the facilities were first to come up in the education department, examination hall, Institute of Development Studies and the post-graduate block. Other prominent places where ramps were to be constructed was office of the dean, students welfare, department of Hindi, political science, arts, science and commerce block.Associated with the welfare of physically challenged, Prof Sudhir Panwar said: \"Ramps is an essential thing to facilitate the movement of disabled students in the university premises. Absence of disabled- friendly facilities trouble them. It is our responsibility to ensure students get the right treatment.'' When asked, university spokesperson, Prof Rajesh Mishra said: \"We are examining certain regulations. We will do things as per the rule.''Meanwhile, sources informed that most of the developmental works (like ramps) has come to a standstill because of severe impediments created by higher ups. Clearance of funds have become a major hurdle, and the inhuman attitude have further aggravated the problem for the disabled students,'' said a senior professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345255", "title": "Can only manage unruly traffic with tech", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The complaints lodged in the Ahmedabad Traffic Police's (ATP) Facebook page has finally been acted on. As per city traffic police officials' claims, over 40 have already been penalized on the basis of the complaints registered on the ATP page and 20 more are in the pipeline. The officials are also trying to create database of all the registered vehicles in the city to keep an eye on habitual offenders.Nilesh Jajadia, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), told TOI, \"Before the Sabarmati Marathon, we had given a detailed chart of traffic diversions on our Facebook page that was useful to the users. The only glitch that we are facing is, RTO doesn't have digitized data for vehicles registered before 2008. Thus, at the moment the offenders are identified from that limited database only. We hope to improve the situation at the earliest,\" he said.Another idea floated by the traffic branch is specialized software where all the offenders' data will be stored. \"Such a system is already active in Pune and now we want to bring it here especially for the auto rickshaws and heavy vehicles that are flouting the rules. Both ATP and RTO officials will be able to access it. Now as we have already sent a proposal to raise the amount of fine for both first time and repeated offenders, it will be useful,\" said Jajadia.He said that the system will be integrated with the CCTV network which is proposed to be implemented by year-end of 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11349692", "title": "RBI deputy governor in Bhopal today", "text": "INDORE: H R Khan, deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), is on his maiden visit to Bhopal on Monday. He will attend an event related to financial education and inclusion.Khan has already chaired a group on rural credit and MFI in the past. Based on the recommendations made by the group, the RBI has issued guidelines to banks and their associates for implementing the financial education and implementation of financial inclusion in the country.The RBI, which is celebrating its 75{+t}{+h} year of foundation during the current fiscal, has been holding a number of outreach programmes in the remote areas of the country to tell the people about the role it plays and hear their grievances about the banking services being provided to them.Khan's visit has been organised in this context. Khan will be addressing Bankers' Club meeting during the evening before leaving Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11348405", "title": "Anacondas brought from Si Lanka settle in at Mysore zoo", "text": "MYSORE: The five anacondas which arrived here six week ago have acclimatized to Mysore conditions and are a prime attraction at the zoo. The snakes are aged about 16 months and measured some 4 ft when they arrived here from Colombo Zoo. There are three females and two males. All of them are born at the conservation centre in Sri Lanka . They are now with rats and hamsters. The life span of the anaconda is 20 years when they manage to grow to 30 ft and weight 227 kgs.Along with the anacondas, adoption charges for scarlet Ibis and black neck swan, which arrived from Czech Republic in early December, too have been fixed. There are eight scarlet Ibis and three black neck swan and each one of which will cost Rs 15,000.This is higher than other winged guests at the facility. The cost of is calculated based on the diet of the birds from abroad as it primarily constitutes fish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11345170", "title": "'State varsities must raise own resources'", "text": "PATNA: The financially bankrupt universities and colleges in Bihar are likely to continue to face resource crunch if they fail to fend for themselves. With the rising cost of infrastructure and hike in the salaries of teachers and other staff, educational institutions are finding it difficult to survive on meagre grants being doled out by the government.The state government releases only salary grants to universities and even that grant is generally much less than the requirement. The UGC sanctions some development grants to universities once in five years. Consequently, universities of Bihar face great difficulties in meeting their various financial requirements.As the state itself is facing resource crunch, the financial health of universities is unlikely to improve in the days to come. Academics have suggested ways to salvage the bankrupt universities and ensure their smooth functioning. Instead of depending entirely on government grants for meeting their financial obligations, universities will have to devise ways to generate their own resources, they say.Patna University syndicate member Sudhakar Singh pleads for starting more need-based, self-financed vocational courses and making the existing courses attractive for students. Students would not hesitate in paying even three to four times the present course fee if they are assured of a job after finishing the course. The income generated from these courses should be properly utilized for the development of the institution, he adds.Patna Science College teacher Anil Kumar feels that the fee structure must be revised immediately to meet the rising cost of education. \"There is no justification for continuing with the same fee structure as was in vogue 50 to 60 years back,\" he says.A few years back, the chancellor had constituted a committee headed by the then BRA Bihar University vice-chancellor to recommend upward revision in fee structure. But, the committee's recommendation is yet to be made public.Many colleges have considerable landed property which can be developed to provide commercial areas. The Public Accounts Committee of Bihar legislative assembly has recommended construction of student utility shops adjacent to the campuses of colleges and renting them out to private parties. Besides, vacant land fit for farming should be given on contract through an open auction for three years. Moreover, swimming pools, fitness clubs, gymnasiums, sports complexes, health centres and guesthouses should be developed on the campuses and run on contract basis. Printing presses may be established in colleges for meeting their printing requirements and also for generating revenue by undertaking private jobs from the open market.PU proctor and Patna Science College Alumni Association general secretary Kriteshwar Prasad says that alumni can be persuaded to provide funds to colleges to be used for specific developmental purposes which may be identified by the college alumni association in consultation with college authorities. Colleges should not hesitate in reaching out to their alumni occupying high positions and seeking donations for maintaining and developing their campuses. Even Oxford and Cambridge universities besides our IITs are seeking help from their alumni for developing their respective campuses, Prasad adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11346588", "title": "Panel to inspect road firm\u2019s work", "text": "MUMBAI: Following criticism over the appointment of SGS Consultancy, the Brihanmumbai Mahanagar C orporation's standing committee members have planned to inspect the performance of the firm in major road work.This week the members would be inspecting the work done by the firm in two roads each in the island city, in the western and eastern suburbs. The final decision of awarding SGS a contract worth Rs 6.78 crore for auditing the major and minor road work will only be taken after the inspection is conducted.The members would be probing allegations of staff shortage and shoddy work of the firm. In one of the standing committee meetings, few members of the opposition had alleged that the major road work was getting delayed due to the auditing work of the consultancy. Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said, \"We will be looking into all the allegations. We will also check the progress made by the consultancy in the major road work. The decision to give the contract will be taken only after the inspection.\" Sources say that the inspection is only an eyewash as the contract will finally be given to SGS Consultancy.The civic standing committee has spent several hours discussing the appointment of the consultancy. Few members of the committee still voiced their reservations against awarding the contract without any tendering process.NCP group leader and standing committee member Niyaz Vanu stuck to his old stand of introducing a tender before awarding the contract. \"How can they give auditing work of a project worth Rs 800 crore without even following a proper tendering process? It is illegal as there are no such provisions in the civic rule book.\" The civic administration maintained there are only a few firms which match the standards of SGS Consultancy. Plus, the tendering process would also be cumbersome, delaying the entire project, which is running way behind the initial schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344605", "title": "Hemalkasa surgical camp on Jan 6 and 7", "text": "NAGPUR: The Rotary Club of Nagpur is all set to organise its annual surgical camp at Hemalkasa, Gadchiroli. This camp is being organised for the past 27 years. A team of superspecialist doctors along with supporting staff perform over 200 surgeries over two days for the local residents. This year the camp is scheduled on January 6 and 7 and is being sponsored by Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, Nagpur.The camp takes place at Dr Prakash Amte's Lok Biradari Prakalp run 50-bed hospital in Hemalkasa. Around 60 doctors comprising surgeons, anaesthetists, gynaecologists, radiologists, pathologists, ophthalmologists, physicians and dentists will be a part of the camp along with more than 100 Rotarians and Mahindra volunteers.Major operations carried out during the camp include plastic and paediatric surgeries, removal of renal stones, ovarian tumours, thyroid, breast cancer , hernia and so on. Apart from these, around 150 cataract and other ophthalmic surgeries are also done along with about 400 dental procedures and check ups.The tribals of the region mainly belonging to Madia community, camp at the site nearly a week in advance. Food is provided free of cost to the patients and their attendants during the two day camp period by Rotary.Along with these medical facilities, the camp also sees Rotary Club of Nagpur performing many non-medical activities. It organises sports and other competitions in local Ashram Shala. \"We take all the things needed to organise sports and other events in the school and the kids enjoy them a lot. The tribal children fare very well in sports and now are slowly gaining ground in state level sports,\" said Dinesh Naidu, secretary, Rotary Club of Nagpur.They also conduct vocational training camps for the kids and elders.This year they are taking garland makers to the camp in order to train the tribals.Tauby Bhagwagar, president of the Club informed that this year they would also be distributing around 50 solar lamps in the villages around Bhamragarh where electricity has still not reached.Around 60 doctors render their valuable services to tribals of the region mainly belonging to Madia community. Surgeries like plastic and paediatric surgeries, removal of renal stones, ovarian tumours, thyroid, etc have been carried out", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344436", "title": "12 held with drugs on New Year\u2019s Eve", "text": "MUMBAI: On New Year's Eve, the anti-narcotics cell (ANC) of Mumbai police arrested more than 12 people, including six Nigerian nationals and two Tanzania nationals, and recovered a drugs from them.In the first raid on December 31, the Bandra unit of ANC raided a hideout near Lokhandwala complex in Andheri and seized 160 gm of brown sugar and 33 gm of cocaine worth Rs 3.5 lakh from eight of the accused. Police have also recovered LSD.In another case near Milan mall at Santa Cruz (W), the police arrested two Nigerian nationals and recovered 15 gram of cocaine worth Rs 60,000.Raids were carried out at Kala Nagar in Bandra and in Masjid Bunder and one Tanzania national, identified as Manvayoki Ramdani (37), and Nigerian national, Ifiyani Osolondo (45), were arrested. The cops recovered 8 gm and 10 gm of cocaine respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346828", "title": "Sleeping woman strangled by robber in front of her sister", "text": "CHENNAI: A 52-year-old woman was murdered at her house at Kamdar Nagar in Nungambakkam by a stranger early on Monday while her sister lay next to her . The man walked awaywith 22sovereignsof gold jewellery .The victim wasidentified as RAruna Seethalakshmi , a computer operator at the Valluvar Kottam Road branch of Indian Bank . Aruna's late husband Rammohan was a nephew of Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy , policesaid .Aruna's sister R Prabhavathy (54), an assistant manager at a Punjab National Bank branchin Puducherry whohad cometocelebrateNewYear ,told police they were asleep and when she woke up around 3.15am,shesawher sister being strangledby a stranger .\"I rushed to the door , switched on the light and saw my sister struggling . I helped her sit on the floor and sprinkled water on her face and found she was frothing at the mouth ,\" Prabhavathy said .\"The robber ,whodidn'tcover hisface ,saidtwootherswere waiting outside and demanded jewels. I gave him six gold bangles , a 5.5 sovereign 'mangalsutra' and other jewels and he fled,\" she said . By the time policewerecalledin , Seethalakshmi was dead . Joint commissioner of police (west zone ) K Shankar , Triplicane deputy commissioner of police S Baskaran and Nungambakkam assistant commissioner of police Saravanan rushedthere .An inspection revealed that the assailant had entered after taking out a plywood plankthat coveredtheholewhichhadcontained an airconditioner . The first floor of the two-storey house had been rented out to a man calledR aviof Andhra Pradesh , a bank employee who is presently in his native place on aholiday .Asniffer dog was pressedinto service and forensic experts lifted fingerprints . Police are trying to make a sketch of the assailant based on the description given by Prabhavathy . The hand of an ex-convict from Kanyakumari is suspected . The assailant probably watched Seethalakshmi for a while before striking , a police officer said . JCP K Shankar said they hoped to nab the suspect soon .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11337624", "title": "Prateik aping Aamir!", "text": "Having closely interacted with Aamir Khan, Prateik has definitely taken a lesson from the superstar's lifestyle. \"Like Aamir, Prateik has become very disciplined.He has changed his habits drastically.\" Earlier, the actor enjoyed being a night bird and had no qualms about indulging in late-night parties and staying out with friends till the wee hours of the morning. He has now puta full stop to all of it. \"He hits the bed early. And rises early too!Prateik has also become very particular about his fitness and diet regime. He hits the gym daily and eats healthy food. He has made it a point to party only during the weekends. And likes to be strict with this disciplinary habit during weekdays. Aamir, of course, is his source of inspiration,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "11346502", "title": "Trainee constable dies of heart attack", "text": "WARANGAL: A trainee constable died of a heart attack on Monday while taking part in the 3.2-km run at the Mamnoor APSP IV battalion. S Praveen collapsed during the run and fellow constables rushed him to MGM hospital in Warangal where he was declared brought dead.Praveen was 25. Ironically, it was the final run ahead of the forthcoming passing-out parade of trainee constables. Praveen was selected as a constable in the APSP IV battalion and completed his training at Mamnoor. Sources said Praveen used to complete the 3.2-km run in 15 minutes though the allotted time is 18 minutes. \"We were shocked as Praveen suddenly collapsed while nearing a bend. He suffered a massive heart attack,\" a cop said.APSP battalion commandant Akun Sabharwal, who rushed to the ground, later conveyed the tragic news to Praveen's parents Sammaiah and Kousalya. A good handball player, Praveen hailed from Kesamudram. The Mamnoor police have registered a case.Ironically, it was the final run ahead of the forthcoming passing-out parade of trainee constables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11343855", "title": "Command Hospital made 'Centre of Excellence'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In recognition of its work for ensuring well-being of soldiers, Command Hospital, Chandimandir, has been nominated a \"Centre of Excellence\" of the Western Army.This was done on the occasion of 248th Army Medical Corps Day at Chandimandir cantonment.Army commander Lt Gen S R Ghosh declared that 2012 would be dedicated to medical care and devotion for patients. He also honoured six doctors - Col S R B Singh, Col R Maggon, Col D Vivekanand, Lt Col S Maurya, Lt Col Anirudh Singh and Lt Col Shashi Vadhanan - of Command Hospital with commendation cards and medals for their work. On this occasion, an information bulletin of the hospital entitled \"Arogya\" was also released. Among other guests were senior serving officers of Chandimandir cantonment and retired veterans of AMC settled in Tricity. Other events like special sainik sammelan, sports events and barakhana for all ranks and families of AMC were also organized. AMC is responsible for maintaining the overall health and well being of the troops, veterans and families of not only the Indian Army, but also of navy and air force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11344023", "title": "CR staff held for promising railway job under \u2018VIP\u2019 quota", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI has arrested a CR employee and a political worker for duping people by offering jobs in the railways through a non-existent VIP quota. The arrested are Rammani Tripathi, a senior technician with Central Railway and assistant secretary in the trade union, Central Railway Mazdoor Sangh, and Balaji Shelke Patil, an NCP worker, the CBI said. Both are in custody till January 13.The CBI had received two complaints against Rammani Tripathi alleging that he demanded Rs 5 lakh from each of them for arranging a ticket collector's job in the railways from the VIP quota with help from some senior railway officers or a politician in Delhi. Tripathi was trapped on Sunday while accepting Rs 2 lakh each from the complainants. The CBI found 12 job applications during the search at Tripathi's flat.During his interrogation, Tripathi disclosed the name of Patil, a middleman for arranging jobs. Patil was also held while accepting the amount from Tripathi.Patil allegedly has links with a politician in New Delhi for arranging jobs after heavy amounts as bribe, the CBI said. It is alleged that touts are operating at the railway ministry who promise jobs for a price. CBI officials said they are verifying if a politician is involved. Joint director of CBI, Rishi Raj Singh, has asked people to report any demand for bribe during recruitment in PSUs to the CBI office in Mumbai, Pune &amp; Nagpur or on 8108224455, 022-22021490, 22882794.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346513", "title": "Priest, wife end lives", "text": "HYDERABAD: A priest of a temple at Narsampet in Warangal district committed suicide along with his wife on Monday by consuming pesticide. Police said Naresh Achary, 25, and wife Swathi, 20, committed suicide at their residence in the wee hours.Police suspect that financial problems and family disputes could have led the couple to take this extreme step. Achary was married six months ago. He was the priest at the local Veerabramhendra Swamy temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11346749", "title": "'Frog song' may help understand climate change", "text": "NEW DELHI: If not kissing the frog, at least appreciating their 'croak' may lead to some headway in to climate research . For the first time frog song is being monitored using automated sound recorders by Indian scientists to track the impact of climate change on amphibians in the forests of southern Western Ghats. The methodology for tracking their call has recently been standardized by researchers.Principal investigators of the study were struck with the idea when three of them were 100 feet above the ground on a rainy day, sitting on a tree shelter for canopy research at Kalakad Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve. They heard frog song and decided to investigate how it could relate to climate.Since frogs and toads respond to changes in atmospheric moisture and temperature, the team decided on analysing the sound recordings of frog song and corelate it with readings from climate data loggers.\"Amphibians have long been considered to be the barometers of the climate any subtle variations in the atmospheric conditions like moisture availability and temperature is likely to have profound impacts on them' said Seshadri.KS, who is heading the project and is part of the team that won the Conservation Leadership Programme-Save Our Species with senior fellow at Ashoka Trust for Research and Ecology, Ganesh T.The team is using programmable automated sound recording systems called 'Song Meter' and coupling it with an automated weather data logger device. These units are set in remote forest areas and programmed to switch on or off at specified intervals . During the South West and North East monsoons , of the past two years, they have been able to listen to the forest at day and night.\"Amphibians are facing unprecedented declines world over. This has largely been attributed to loss of habitat , fungal infections and global climate change. We are lacking the big picture in India . So long term monitoring may help,\" he said.Seshadri explained that the frog song can be the unique element that will help scientists in the future. \"For example, some frogs vocalize in a wide window of time while some, are active for a very short window of time, may be for a few weeks. If the climate change predictions are true, amphibians should be negatively be affected. By monitoring the vocalizing activity , we can come up with an activity calendar for each of the indicator species. Using this information, we can discern the changes in observed patterns and interpret it in the context of climatic variations . This is the goal of the project,\" he added.In the process of documenting various frog species in KMTR, the team consisting of Seshadri, R Ganesan and S D Biju of Delhi University recently spotted the bubble nest frog, which was last spotted 136 years ago. They also spotted Beddome's toad that was seen almost a decade ago.While the monitoring process is long-term , the methodology has been standardized and the initial results of their study were shared at the International Congress for Conservation Biology in New Zealand held in December. The results would also be published soon next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345379", "title": "Mamata meets top cops, stresses on citizens' safety", "text": "KOLKATA: In a meeting with senior officers of city police, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday expressed her concern over fire hazards in the city. She asked top officers to take stock of the situation and take action accordingly. In the afternoon, she met Kolkata Police commissioner R K Pachnanda and his team comprising all the divisional deputy commissioners and other senior officers.Kolkata Police chief said the chief minister discussed several topics but she mainly focused on disaster management and safety of the citizen.According to sources, Mamata spoke to all eight divisional DCs personally and asked them about problems in their jurisdiction. In some cases, she suggested some solutions. The chief minister specially spoke to DCs in charge of the south-east, central and east suburban divisions as fire breaks out persistently in these areas.In presence of DG (Fire Services) DP Tarenia, Mamata asked for a coordinated effort to minimize fire-related threats. \"We were asked to take stern action against people who are violating fire safety norms,\" said an officer present in the meeting. During the meeting, Tarenia reminded CM about 2,000 vacancies in the fire department. She asked to recruit civil defense volunteers by providing them two months basic training in firefighting. Tarenia also demanded six more fire stations in fire-prone areas of the city like Parama, Tilajala, Garia and Burrabazar. He also placed a proposal to buy two more hydraulic ladders.Apart from fire hazard, the problem of traffic congestion was also discussed in the meeting. Sources said Mamata admitted that traffic movement in the southern fringes has improved after expansion of the jurisdiction of Kolkata Police. But she was not happy with the traffic situation in the heart of the city.\"She asked officers in charge of traffic to coordinate with agencies like Kolkata Metro and KMDA or HRBC whose construction works were obstructing main thoroughfare,\" said an officer. Mamata also instructed officials to make proper arrangement for Gangasagar pilgrims.During discussing on traffic she told officers to make proper arrangement for the Gangasagar prilgims. Kolkata police officers reportedly told her about narrow road space along DH Road which is main entry exit route of the Gangasagar pilgrims. \" Senior officers told that due to the contruction work of Metro major portion of the road is occupied. And rest turned dingy due to increasing numbers of hawkers,\" sources said. CM reportedly asked officers to remove hawkers in an urgent basis. She reportedly gave example of Durga Puja. At that time Kolkata police solve the same problem on war footing at Gariahat and Hatibagan area. She asked to keep clear road in a similar effort.CM once again reminded the city police top brass to keep close watch on law and order situation. She emphasized on speedy disposal of cases and asked to beef up security through out the year.Like traffic and fire she was concerned over hooch. Mentioning the recent hooch tragedy, she made clear that police will have to take most stringent action to demolish hooch dens, and even they will have to keep vigil on the carriers to prevent smuggling of illicit liquor in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346909", "title": "Fill up labour court vacancies: Plea in HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Noting that three out of four labour courts in the city are vacant and that the 12,000-odd cases pending before these courts are routinely given lengthy adjournments , a public interest writ petition has sought expeditious filling up of the presiding officers posts .The first bench before which the PIL filed by the Labour Law Practitioners Association secretary K M Ramesh came up for hearing on Monday has posted the matter to January 9tobeheard along with a similar matter .According to Ramesh , the presiding officer of the principal labour court was transferred in August 2011 and since then the post is lying vacant . While the I additional labour court's presiding officer retired in November 2011, the presiding officer of the II additional labour court was transferred nearly 18 months ago . In all , over 12,000 cases are pending in thesecourts ,he said .Noting that thousands of workmen were adversely affected by the vacancies , Ramesh said that though Rule 10-B (8) of the Industrial Disputes (Central Rules) stipulate that no adjournment should be for more than twoweeks at a time andthat not more than three adjournments should be given in a case , matters coming up for hearing in these vacant courts are adjourned by even three months .There are cases which are pending for a period ranging from three years to 10 years , he said .The PIL also took exception to the inordinate delay in the appointmentof district munsifsin thestate .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11345353", "title": "FDCA mulling spurious drug detection kit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After tasting success with a kit developed to detect food adulteration on site, the state Food and Drugs Control Administration (FDCA) is now mulling another one that can detect fake drugs. In an attempt to step up surveillance and reduce the time needed for detection of fake drugs, FDCA is planning to manufacture 'Quick Detection Kits'.\"The food kit was a hit during Diwali where officers could on the spot find out the synthetic and harmful contents in food items at eateries. Now we want to manufacture a kit to check fake drugs as laboratory testing for the same is a time-consuming affair,\" said FDCA commissioner, H G Koshia.FDCA had given out 700 kits with different chemicals and reagents inside to field officers and other enforcement agencies to check adulteration of food.Officials of the body said that the project to manufacture the kit for detecting fake drugs will most likely be carried out in collaboration with US Food and Drug Administration ( US FDA ) officials.\"A four-member panel of USFDA is visiting Gujarat in early February when we will discuss the possibilities. USFDA is equipped with several on-spot drug testing devices which come handy while detecting fake drugs. Normally, laboratory tests take anything between 36 to 72 hours for screening drugs. The kits will have devices which, using infra-red spectroscopy principles can assess the genuineness of a medicine,'\" said Koshia.FDCA officials said that if such a kit can be made available to the surveillance squad, it will help detect more fake drugs. The fake drug menace has often surfaced in Gujarat, with officials often intercepting drug consignments which have turned out to be fake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11346569", "title": "High Court cancels Srilakshmi's bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice NRL Nageswara Rao of the A P High Court on Monday cancelled the bail granted to senior IAS Officer Y Srilakshmi in the illegal mining case and directed her to surrender before the CBI court before January 6.Srilakshmi was arrested in the illegal mining case for her alleged role in allotting mining leases to Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) of Gali Janardhana Reddy, who is also lodged in jail now for perpetrating a mega mining scam. However, the trial court had granted her bail on December 3, 2011, a day after her three-day police custody ended. The CBI that is probing the case challenged the decision of the CBI court in granting bail.Finding fault with the trial court which granted her bail on the grounds that all the evidence in the case is documentary and cannot be tampered with now, the HC said: \"the conspiracy as already stated cannot be proved by documentary evidence alone and unless oral evidence is collected by the investigating agency, mere documentary evidence is not sufficient and the investigating agency cannot be deprived of its right in this regard. There is more than sufficient material available on record to show how Srilakshmi was associated with the grant of lease and issuing of GOs which ultimately favoured the OMC, ignoring the vital condition of the purpose of lease being 'captive mining' for the proposed steel plant to be set up by OMC in the GO,\" Justice Nageswara Rao said.In this case so far, as the status and position of the respondent is concerned, there cannot be any two opinion since she is an IAS officer and her husband is an IPS officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346541", "title": "Treatment now within the reach", "text": "PUNE: Twenty weeks into her pregnancy, Dhankawadi resident Amruta found out during a routine sonography that her child would be born with a clubfoot. She was counseled that treatment could sort out the defect, but the expenses may run into lakhs - something she could not afford. However, thanks to the joint initiative of an international NGO, the baby (who is now three months old) has been enrolled for free treatment at the Bharati Hospital and given specially designed shoes to correct the birth defect.The Bharati Vidyapeeth Hospital in Dhankawadi has become one of the nine centres in Maharashtra, where a child with a clubfoot can get free treatment irrespective of the parents' financial condition.\"The Bharati Hospital received a proposal to start a clubfoot clinic some two months ago. The centre became functional in the last week of November. The hospital will now provide the space, medical support and drugs, while the NGO Cure International will provide the awareness materials in the vernacular language, appoint counselors and give calipers free of cost,\" said paediatrician Sanjay Lalwani, medical director of the hospital. The hospital's department of paediatrics is a tertiary referral centre for the adjoining districts.In the last one and half months, the hospital clubfoot clinic has enrolled eight babies. \"Half of them are from Pune district and the others from adjoining districts like Ahmednagar, Aurangabad and Satara,\" said Lalwani.Usually, the diagnosis of clubfoot is done during the routine sonography of pregnant women. Those cases in which sonography is not conducted, it gets diagnosed at birth as the deformity is very apparent.\"Usually, soon after the diagnosis, an orthopaedic surgeon's expertise is sought and sequential plastering of the deformed foot is done once in three weeks. This technique is known as Ponseti technique. Once the foot is corrected with the help of plastering and brought to normal shape and posture, calipers are used to keep the foot in the corrected posture till the baby starts walking,\" Lalwani said.Ponseti methodThe Ponseti method for clubfoot uses casting and gentle manipulation for the treatment of clubfoot. It is over 95% effective. Developed over 50 years ago by Dr Ponseti, this method has received recognition by some of the top health care organisations like the National Institute of Health and the Mayo Clinic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349333", "title": "Clint Eastwood's squirrel love", "text": "Clint Eastwood is obsessed with a squirrel called Lola.The 'J. Edgar' director came across his furry friend on the Warner Bros. movie lot in Los Angeles, California, and now insists on leaving the door of his office open when he is working so that Lola can stop by whenever she wants.A source said: \"Clint leaves the front door open whenever he's inside working so Lola can come and go. He gets a kick out of watching her and always keeps a bag of shelled peanuts on the bottom shelf of a bookcase in case she gets hungry. Clint would be so upset if Lola disappeared. He enjoys her company.\"Clint is not the only celebrity to love animals, Paris Hilton ordered a petting zoo for her birthday party last year.The miniature menagerie featured a lynx, porcupine, squirrel monkey and sloth for guests to meet and was the blonde beauty's first stop when she arrived at 11pm.A source said: \"Paris loved the animals and made sure that the handlers were humane before she worked with them. She asked a lot of questions about their care.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11344794", "title": "Nipping and tucking on the rise", "text": "BANGALORE: Neha Agarwal (name changed), a fashion designer and daughter of a conservative business family in the city, started preparations for her wedding last year. Her list included rhinoplasty (nose correction) and liposuction (tummy tucking) along with her wedding shopping.Neha is not alone. Many marriageable girls are increasingly becoming looks-conscious and opting for correction on their face, breasts or stomach. What is triggering this is increasing awareness and a growing acceptance of aesthetic surgery.\"Most women in pre-marriage age group are opting for correction of nose or chin and removal of facial scars and acne marks. Also women opt for breast implantation or reduction. The trend of breast implantation is increasing in India. In Bangalore, we see about 4-5 women in 100 opting for it,\" said Dr Madhusudan G, consultant plastic surgeon, BGS Global Hospital.Such types of plastic surgeries can cost between Rs 25,000 and Rs 1 lakh.The trend of going for facial correction and liposuction has picked up among the middle classes. \"Earlier, only women in professions like modelling and acting would prefer such surgeries. Nowadays girls from conservative middle class families come with their parents' consent for nose job or chin correction. Nose is considered to be an important part of face and so rhinoplasty is a preferable cosmetic surgery,\" said Dr Chetan Satish, plastic and cosmetic surgeon, Columbia Asia Hospital.As for married women, post-pregnancy, they prefer to undergo breast reduction and tummy tuck, which is commonly known as 'Mummy Makeover'.Silicon implantation in breasts can sometime be painful, say doctors. \"The best solution in cases where women have smaller breasts and want to go for size correction: We remove fat from stomach and implant it in breasts. This serves the dual purpose of tummy tucking and breast size correction,\" said Dr Anthony Pais, consultant breast surgeon, Narayana Hrudayalaya Multi Specialty Hospital.Counselling plays an important part. \"Patients are counselled about the outcome of the surgery so that they don't expect miracles. In some cases, there are chances of a patient developing infection, clot or bleeding and it is essential to prepare the patient mentally,\" said Dr Y N Anantheshwar, head of the department and consultant plastic surgeon, Manipal Hospital.WHY DEMANDRising incomes, increasing consumer awareness, easy availability of procedures, the wedding marketBOYS TOO OPT FOR ITEven boys are approaching doctors for nose and chin correction, acne and scar removal and skin lightening. \"Men in their late 20s and early 30s are coming for breast reduction. Usually such surgeries do not have side effects,\" said Dr Priyadarshan , consultant plastic surgeon, Fortis Hospital.BARIATRIC SURGERYObese men and women prefer bariatric surgery for reduction of abdominal fat. \"Even parents of teenage girls and boys are approaching doctors for this. This helps in getting rid of obesity fast, but patients are advised to control their diet as there are chances of putting on weight on some other body part post-surgery,\" say doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11346229", "title": "Celebrating NCBS founder", "text": "BANGALORE: Obaid Siddiqi, the man who established and transformed the way molecular biology is done in India, experienced a wonderful moment on Monday - the celebration of his 80th birthday and the celebration of the 20th birthday of the institution he founded - the National Centre of Biological Sciences (NCBS).NCBS director K VijayRaghavan pays a tribute to the legend Siddiqi. Excerpts from his write-up on the NCBS site:\"There are a daring few who define new int e l l e c t u a l quests, and wh o s e courage and leadership create a culture...today, we celebrate Obaid Siddiqi whose foresight, determination and quiet courage has transformed research in molecular biology in India at least twice and whose scientific successes span many fields of biology. While establishing institutional excellence and instilling an iconoclastic culture of independence and freethinking, these pioneering efforts have led to wide appreciation , both of the beauty and value of Obaid's science and of his leadership in institutionbuilding , as models to emulate.\"\"... With the culture that combines ease of interaction with rigour in science, Obaid developed a vision for-and founded-the National Centre for Biological Sciences (NCBS). While we celebrate 20 years of NCBS's formal existence , its birth took place much earlier. As Obaid's vision crystalized to reality, one theme stood out at every stage: The refusal to be hurried, compromising on quality, or in our core-culture , in the interests of speed... \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11345795", "title": "\u2018Cong has looted public, GVP will send it packing\u2019", "text": "MARGAO: Appearing determined to avenge the humiliation he suffered at the hands of the Congress government, former Benaulim MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco on Sunday vowed to defeat the party at the hustings in the March 3 assembly elections.Addressing mediapersons on Monday, Pacheco reiterated that Goa Vikas Party (GVP), revived by him, would contest all 40 constituencies. \"I am confident that the GVP will win at least 22 seats and form the next government. My party will provide a transparent government for Goa,\" the GVP supremo stressed, but declined to spell out his strategy post-elections, in the event if his calculations go awry. \"I only think positive. People of Goa will support me,\" he said.Speaking further, Pacheco said while five candidates have been finalized so far to contest on the GVP - ZP members Nelly Rodrigues (Cortalim) and Domnick Gaonkar (Curtorim), Caetano D'Silva (Benaulim), Avertano Furtado (Navelim), besides himself from Nuvem - 33 others will be announced within a week's time. \"I was responsible for bringing this Congress-led government to power, but I have now undertaken to send this government packing. They have only looted the public all these years. I had spoken out against the corrupt practices of the government when I was a part of it and will continue to speak out,\" the former tourism minister said.Expressing apprehension that the government machinery will be misused during elections, he demanded that the assembly be dissolved before the Congress party goes to the people for votes.Pacheco further said that the GVP would take up all issues concerning the welfare of Goans. \"I had demanded that the regional plan be either rectified or de-notified before the polls. The chief minister failed to do it, indicating the Congress party's interests in maintaining the same regional plan,\" Pacheco said.Pacheco also criticized the regional parties charging them with having a tacit understanding with the national parties before the polls, but however, hoped that \"some of the regional parties will support the GVP to form the next government.\"\"I had demanded that the regional plan be either rectified or de-notified before the polls. The chief minister failed to do it, indicating the Congress party's interests in maintaining the same regional plan. The assembly must be dissolved before polls as Congress will misuse govt machinery", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346548", "title": "PMPML wins prizes for performance", "text": "PUNE: In an encouraging and inspiring news at the very beginning of the year, the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML), always facing criticism for its poor performance, has been conferred two awards by the Association of State Road Transport Undertakings (ASRTU).The ASRTU aims to bring together all state road transport undertakings on a common platform with the aim of pooling their resources and knowhow for dealing with various problems faced by them and help them improve their performance. The ASRTU has 58 members, who constitute the backbone of mobility for the urban and rural population, across the country.The two awards the PMPML has received include the award for 'maximum improvement in tyre performance', and for 'maximum improvement in vehicle productivity.'The award presentation ceremony will be held in New Delhi on January 9.The transport company's achievement in tyre performance means that the requirement for new tyres per lakh km has reduced from 5.12 to 4.43. Similarly, the PMPML improved the vehicle productivity from 164.55 km per day to 170.92 km per day.Officials of the PMPML said the announcement of the awards has created an atmosphere of joy among the staff and workers. The awards have come at a time when the transport company is going through a very adverse situation, the officials added.Just a few weeks back, the PMPML was rapped by the traffic police branch for running badly maintained buses because of which the buses had frequent breakdowns. It had issued a warning to the PMPML that it would take action against the drivers for driving badly-maintained buses. The frequent breakdowns of buses on main roads and on crowded streets create major traffic congestions. In the last one-and-half months, nearly 51 buses had breakdown at crowded junctions, thus causing major traffic jams in the city, the traffic police had said. Traffic officials had said that in most cases, the wheels are jammed. The buses are so heavy that it requires a crane to lift it away from the crowded roads. Traffic movement is thus affected for hours.In response to frequent breakdown of buses, chief engineer of the transport company, Sunil Burse had said that the buses have to run on first and second gear, which cause problems in the engine and that there are chances of failures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349716", "title": "Hard work has paid off: Indrajith Sukumaran", "text": "Indrajith Sukumaran, who is making a powerful in the Malayalam cinema industry, is on cloud nine after giving a spectacular performance as Maanikunju in Akku Akbar's Vellaripravinte Chengathi.He is indeed delighted to wind up the year with such a unique character in his career and he thanks all his fans for their support. \"Nice to sign off 2011 with Maanikunju, a good role in a good movie, Vellaripraavinde Changaathi! Thanks to all,\" tweeted the actor. Maanikunju is reported to have been a different role in his career so far and the actor had worked really hard to deliver a performance that would leave a remarkable trail in the industry and, of course, his career.Indrajith's tweet says, \"Happy to hear good reports on 'Vellaripraavinde Changaathi'. It looks like the hard work has paid off.\" Indrajith also put an end to the speculations on whether he had dubbed for Swarnavel in Lijo Jose Pellissery's 'City of Gods'. \"Yes, I did. All movies of mine carry my own sound,\" retorts the 32-year-old actor. Indrajith is currently in Thodupuzha for the shoot of his upcoming movie 'Mullamuttum Munthiricharum' by Aneesh Anwar. He will be seen sharing the screen with Tini Tom, Meghna Raj and Ananya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11343263", "title": "NASA, HKM start on a high", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after they saw their girls start on a losing note, boys from the home team - Nagpur Amateur Sports Association (NASA) - played a game of power defence with accurate in-and-out passing to prevail over Navyuwak Krida Mandal (NKM) 54-20 on Day 2 of the Bank of Maharashtra D-League Basketball Championship at Surendra Nagar on Monday.The strategic play of the boys in green can be judged with the scores of initial three quarters that saw Chandan Nagar cagers failing to open their account. After taking a 31-0 lead at the end of third quarter, NASA utilized their bench to the fullest as NKM got success in opening their account in the last quarter. The second-five from NASA won the high-scoring fourth period 23-20 as the home team commenced their campaign with a facile 34-point win.For the winners, point-guard Sujay Bose top-scored with 20 points that included four attempts from the long range. In his heroic effort Sujay had many assists against his name both in the offensive and defensive courts. He got an able support from Prajwal Choudhary with 14 points. For NKM, Chetan Bhagat and Abhiram Tapas netted 5 points apiece.Another one-sided match was held when Hanuman Nagar Krida Mandal (HKM) boys made light work of Ramdaspeth cagers from Swastik Krida Mandal 30-9. The quarter-wise scores read 8-0, 11-3, 8-0, 3-6. Lanky pivot Sudeep Ghoshal had a double-double - 10 points and 11 rebounds - to guide HKM to a comfortable 21-point win. Shooting guard Navdeep Saini joined the scoring chart with 8 points for the winners while Bharat scored 4 for SKM. tnnRESULTSBoys: NASA (S Bose 20, P Choudhary 14) bt NKM (Chetan Bhagat 5, Abhiram Tapas 5) 54-20 (13-0, 10-0, 8-0, 23-20); HKM (S Ghoshal 10, Navdeep Saini 8) bt SKM (Bharat 4) 30-9 (8-0, 11-3, 8-0, 3-6).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346952", "title": "Somdev pulls out of Chennai Open due to shoulder injury", "text": "CHENNAI: Somdev Devvarman provided the biggest opening shock of Chennai Open 2012 on Monday when he announced that he would not take part in the tournament owing to a recurring shoulder injury that stalled his preparation and finally prevented his participation.\"With great disappointment, I have to inform the fans and organizers of the Aircel Chennai Open 2012 that due to a recurring shoulder injury I will not be able to participate in this year's event. Keeping the Australian Open in mind, my doctors have advised me to take this decision . I wish the tournament all the success and look forward to being back next year - fitter and stronger,\" Somdev said in a media release.The 26-year-old Indian was present at the draw ceremony on Saturday and was positive about his scheduled first-round match against Eric Prodon of France. \"If I play well, I'll give myself a good chance to win,\" he had said.Though he didn't mention the injury, he was apparently struggling. That he didn't practice on Sunday and Monday raised doubts about his fitness . Somdev has been struggling with his right shoulder for some time now and it was the same injury that forced him out of the reverse singles match against Kei Nishikori in India's Davis Cup play-off match against Japan in September last.Som withdrawal is Edouard's gainSomdev , who stormed into the final of Chennai Open in 2009 and in the process emerged India's top singles player, hasn't had much success here after that. Though he and Sanam Singh entered the doubles semifinals in 2010, Somdev lost to Tipsarevic in the second round in 2010 and then in the first round to qualifier David Goffin last year. Somdev was scheduled to play the doubles too but he has pulled out of that also.Edouard Roger-Vasselin from France will replace Somdev in singles and will now take on Prodon. Roger-Vasselin finds a place in the main draw as a lucky loser in the qualifiers, where he went down to Japan's Go Soeda 4-6 , 6-7 (5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11344757", "title": "Malviya Nagar residents fast losing faith in police", "text": "JAIPUR: Malviya Nagar is in news again for a dreadful reason! The double murder of an 85-year-old woman and her domestic help has left the local residents in shock. Already peeved by the frequent incidents of robbery at Malviya Nagar area, the residents are now terrified.It has evoked strong protest from the local residents.Local MLA Kalicharan Saraf, who reached the house of Tanks, said, in the last six months alone, nearly half-a-dozen incidents of dacoity, including one at Gaurav Towers, were reported in the area but the police could not solve any of of them. The residents threatened agitation in front of the Malviya Nagar police station for police's apathy.Saraf threatened that if the police did not crack the case in 72 hours, the area will be kept closed.BJP leader Suman Sharma, also a resident here, said: \"the residents are terrified by what happened. Malviya Nagar is a beautiful place to live in, but frequent incidents of crime have terrified the local residents. The police should do something about it,\" she said.She said honest and hard-working policemen should be deployed in the area.\"They always give the excuse of being short of staff. But after implementation of commissionerate system, the police force has been equipped with modern technology. Then why are they unable to stop these crimes,\" Sharma said.Pradesh Congress Committee vice president Rajeev Arora, who also lives in the area, said, the residents should also be responsible for their own safety. \"It is a horrifying crime. The woman had six sons and all were residing elsewhere. She should have not been left alone all by heself. I have requested top police officials for speedy action in the matter so that faith of local residents is restored in the city's police force,\" Arora said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345141", "title": "HC notice on teacher shortage", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday sought a response from the state government on a plea seeking a directive for filling teachers' posts at a city school.Justice Siddharth Mridul issued notices to the Directorate of Education (DoE) of the Delhi government and Air Force Senior Secondary School at the Delhi Cantt area in the capital and fixed the matter for hearing on January 20.The court was hearing the petition of Ashok Kumar and Ram Kumar whose daughters are students at the school. The petition alleged that as many as 10 posts of teachers were lying vacant yet no attempt had been made by the school administration to fill the vacancies. The petition also states that in the absence of adequate teaching staff, nearly 1,900 students are facing difficulties.\"The Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act has come into force in 2010 and according to the terms of the Act, there has to be proper pupil-teacher ratio in place within six months of the enactment of the Act,\" said the petition, filed through lawyer Ashok Agarwal.The inaction on the part of the \"government-aided school\" and DoE has violated the students' fundamental right to education, the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11343761", "title": "Residents want shops removed for dumping hazardous waste", "text": "COIMBATORE: For the residents of Kottaimedu, the continuous dumping of garbage by shopkeepers has turned out to be a cause of concern. The Kottaimedu residential welfare association gave a petition to the collector on Monday demanding to immediately remove these shops from the areas as they were causing health hazard to residents of the area.A Hakeem, president, Kottaimedu residential welfare association, said there are more than 40 shops in the area. Most of these shops dump iron waste, emptied chemical and plastic bags.\"These wastes cause serious health problems for the residents here. They get skin infection, asthma , dust allergy and heart problems,\" he said.The chemical waste contained in gunny bags contaminate water and the dust emitting from it causes health problems, he claimed.Vehicles that are used to dump the waste block the road, making it difficult for the people to pass through. In many emergency cases, ambulances find it a Herculean task to pass through the road, said K Abuthahir, another resident of the area.The residents' welfare association has forwarded the petition to the chief minister cell, district administration and police. However, no definite action has been taken to solve the issue so far, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11345252", "title": "Watershed programme reaping rich dividends", "text": "PATNA: Around 77 elected Village Watershed Committees (VWCs) in eight south Bihar drought-prone districts have scripted the largest watershed management programme in the eastern states creating 18 lakh man days by bringing under cultivation 84,000 hectares of land during the last five years that had remained unused in the past.This has made a positive impact on the lives of about 50,000 rural households by creating a virtual moisture regime with water harvesting keeping intact the moisture in the land after monsoon rain and checking soil erosion. Under this National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) implemented programme, the soil is enriched by keeping the rain water in the areas concerned. This helps in storing enough water for irrigation in the region in the form of ground and surface water providing sufficient water for growing rabbi crops after harvesting of kharif crop.Stating this, NABARD chief general manager (CGM) V Mohandoss said that 1,200 self-help groups (SHGs) and 200 farmers' clubs were at present involved in the programme that started five years back under a Planning Commission recommended special scheme, Rashtriya Sam Vikas Yojana, for development of degraded land through watershed approach.The eight drought-prone districts of south Bihar covered under the programme are Rohtas, Kaimur, Aurangabad, Gaya, Nawada, Jamui, Banka and Munger. They have 30 per cent less irrigation potential. Of the 77 watershed revenue villages in these districts, each cover 4-5 villages and 20-25 tolas.The programme is multi-pronged to check soil erosion, promote water conservation and bring economic benefits to the people, said NABARD senior manager S Ramesh. He said that under the programme a common drainage point is created on the land having some tilt. The method involves saving the water in the region as well as stopping erosion of the vital top soil by checking the velocity of the rain water through check dam. Due to check dam, surface water is accumulated for irrigation purposes and the rain water percolating into the soil keeps the moisture in the land intact enriching the hydrological structure to facilitate irrigation of rabbi crop, he said. The entire mechanism revolves round checking the rain water from being drained out, he said.NABARD public relations officer Mithileshwar Jha said that the programme and elected VWC is empowered to take decisions, fund management and execution of the work with the funds. The 'aam sabha' (general assembly) of the watershed revenue villages look after the progress of the work and there is expenditure display on board at public places to ensure transparency and social audit, Ramesh added. He said that another programme, Watershed Plus', has also been launched by NABARD for human development and livelihood of landless people through enterprise in poultry and goatery and training and demonstration with regard to improved agriculture practices. Solar lanterns with mobile phone charging point and vermicompost with 80 percent grant were also distributed under Watershed Plus, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346437", "title": "AI to operate low-cost Pune-Chennai spl flight on Jan 9", "text": "PUNE: National carrier Air India (AI) will operate a low-cost special flight from Pune to Chennai on January 9 in a bid to mop up additional revenue from a 145-seat Airbus A-320 chartered flight that will bring defence personnelfrom Bhubaneshwar to Pune earlier the sameday.The AI has been operating chartered flights on various occasions for defence and private parties, taking into accountthe operational and commercial considerations.On January 9, the AI chartered flight from Bhubaneshwar willbring to Pune a contingent of army personnel, whichisto participatein the annual fire power demonstration atAhmednagar and another demo at the College of Military Engineering (CME) here. The flight will land in Pune at 6.15 pm.A senior official from the Southern Commandheadquarters confirmed that the flight has been chartered by the Defence Services Staff College (DSSC ), Wellington, for the armycontingentthat participates in the fire power demo at various places acrossthecountry.The AI has offered a oneway economy class fare at Rs 2,384 per traveller on the Pune-Chennai special flight (AI-537 ), whichwilltakeoff from Pune at 7.20 pm andlandin Chennai at 9 pm.TheAirbusA-320 has a configuration of 125economyclass and 20executiveclassseats.\"The special fare is more than half the prevailing ticket price for Pune-Chennai travel on any other airline flight,\" Dhairyashil Vandekar, Pune station manager,Air India,told TOI on Monday. \"This provides a fairly attractive proposition for people especially students, planning a trip to Chennai for the upcoming Pongal festivities,\" he added.The AI's normal one-way fare for economy class from Pune to Chennai is Rs 16,849 and for executive class Rs 19,516. On the other hand, the one-way economy fare on flights by other airlines ranges between Rs4,400 andRs 7,220.Vandekar clarified that the low-cost benefit for the Pune-Chennai special flight is available only for the economy class travellers whereas the executive class fare will remain the same as is applicable to regular AIflights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11345176", "title": "82-year-old found guilty of raping 10-year-old", "text": "PUNE: An additional sessions court on Monday pronounced Mohiniraj Kulkarni, 82, guilty in the rape and murder case of a 10-year-old girl, who was found dead on the terrace of his bungalow on October 14, 2009. The quantum of punishment will be awarded on Tuesday.Kulkarni was found guilty of committing offences punishable under the IPC Sections 302 (murder), 201 (destroying evidence) and 376 (2) (f) (committing rape of a girl below 12 years).The girl's mother, Rekha Randive, worked as maid in the Kulkarni household. Rekha, an accused who later turned approver, had filed a complaint against Kulkarni in the case. Both Kulkarni and Rekha were arrested on October 24, 2009, after probe revealed their involvement in the crime. While Kulkarni was arrested on charges of rape and murder, Rekha was charged with abetting the crime.In her complaint, Rekha had said that she suspected Kulkarni's involvement in the crime. Later, she had confessed that she was in a relationship with Kulkarni and had given a false statement to the police after Kulkarni had pressurized her. She said Kulkarni had promised her Rs 50,000 to cover up the crime.The police had recorded several statements given by Rekha. On the day the girl's body was found, the mother had said that the victim was found on the terrace of the bungalow. Later, she had said the girl was found hanging from the iron staircase in the bungalow. She had rushed her daughter to a private hospital, but the girl had been proclaimed dead on arrival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11346757", "title": "No end to usual blame game", "text": "AMBALA: The rule of the road is often blatantly violated by the negligently-driven school buses and vans, but the local administration and the school managements are yet to wake up to the facts. Everyday, thousands of students travel in these rashly-driven vehicles to their places of study; however, no action has ever been taken against such rowdiness on the roads.11 students died on Monday in the Ambala school bus-truck collision, and this was the second major accident involving school students. However, the \"unconcerned\" district administration and state government authorities continue passing the buck when it comes to laxity in the enforcement of rules, despite the orders of the Punjab and Haryana high court on the transportation of school children.In the meantime, the three agencies - State Transport Authority (STA), the education department, and the Haryana police appeared to be making desperate attempts to circumvent the issue.District education officer Ambala, Jagjeet Kaur, said, \"We do carry out the inspections in schools but the managements do not cooperate with us. It is the responsibility of the regional transport authority and the cops to ensure that the bus and van drivers abide by the rules.\"When contacted, district transport officer of Yamunanagar Dharamveer Singh said, \"15 to 20 buses of educational institutions were issued challan slips.\" He, however, blamed the school managements and the education department for lax attitude.Dharamveer said, \"Transport contractors and the school managements must ensure order. We are investigating the Ambala accident to find out how 29 students were adjusted in an 8-seater cab.\"While commissioner of police Anant Kumar Dhull, and deputy commissioner Shashank Anand remained inaccessible, additional director general of police B S Sandhu, when contacted, assured strict enforcement of rules and blamed the school management for \"gross\" carelessness.Sandhu said, \"Overloaded vehicles are common in contract transport as well school-owned transport. We had issued instructions to the school management from time to time.\"Box: Villagers block roadEducation minister Geeta Bhukkal remained out of reach after issuing a press statement expressing grief over the death of school children in the accident. Residents of Behta and nearby villages blocked the Saha-Shahbad highway for four hours after the casualties were shifted to hospitals, sources said. The blockade was lifted after intervention of district administration officials who assured the arrest of the errant truck driver and promised deployment of more policemen to keep a tab over traffic situation.Times ViewTime and again accidents involving school buses that do not conform to rules and regulations have claimed lives of innocent students leaving their families and kin shell-shocked. The most galling part is that every time the authorities concerned blame everyone but themselves for the sorry state of affairs. The usual promises are made, ex-gratia paid, an inquiry ordered and then all is forgotten. It is about time that something tangible is done to ensure that all concerned take this matter seriously. Just words would not do. All those who fail to ensure effective implementation of rules and regulations should be booked under stringent sections of IPC to make them realize that loss of precious lives is not to be taken lightly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345168", "title": "2 computers go missing from MHA\u2019s North Block office", "text": "NEW DELHI: High security zones in the capital have proved no deterrent for thieves who struck in North Block recently. Two computers have reportedly gone missing from one of the offices in the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) within the past two months.Police sources said that on December 29, an assistant at the MHA, identified as Ishwar Mahto, had lodged a complaint reporting the theft. As per Mahto, when he left his office - room number 213, on October 13, the government computer number 00249 was in the room but when he returned to work the following morning the computer was missing.As per the complaint, Mahto informed senior officials about the incident and searched the office but was unable to find the computer.Meanwhile, the complainant told police that another person identified as Manjeet Singh, a principal personal secretary in the MHA, who has his office in room number 214-A, MHA, North Block, had discovered that his computer monitor had gone missing from his table on December 27. The cops investigated the matter and found these claims credible and registered an FIR.News of the incident has sent cops and security agencies into a tizzy. They are now investigating how these computers managed to be taken out of the MHA as a gate pass is required for any goods that are allowed to leave the high security building. Police sources said that cops suspect an insider played a role in the theft and various staff members was now being questioned in this regard.The police refused to confirm if any sensitive government data was stored on the missing computers.\"We are probing the matter on a high priority basis as two incidents - one after another - of computers missing from North Block have been reported. We are going to examine CCTV footage at the earliest,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11344939", "title": "Warm day in capital, foggy mornings ahead", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city woke up to a warm and cloudy Monday morning with the fog cover being dreaded by everyone missing from action. However, a sudden change in wind direction just after 10am caught several people unaware, especially at the IGI Airport , as dense fog descended over the area between 10.30am and 1.30pm. Monday's maximum temperature was a pleasant 19.7 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal while the minimum went up to 11.6 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal.\"Cyclone Thane has pumped a lot of moisture into the atmosphere and in the morning, the wind direction changed from easterly to the cold west/north westerly. These winds brought down temperature and resulted in fog. When these winds reacted with the warm and moist air, the air temperature fell to 12 degrees Celsius, condensing the moisture into water droplets. Afternoon fog is not a very unusual phenomenon,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.The fog finally lifted in the afternoon due to strong winds with a speed of 10 kmph. \"The atmosphere contains a lot of moisture, especially as it has just rained over Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh. If any of the other factors are favourable, like low temperature and no winds, fog formation is inevitable. Consequently, we are expecting dense fog to set in during the early morning hours of Tuesday and Wednesday that will last till about 10am,\" added Jenamani.A western disturbance is expected around January 5 which will cause another change in wind direction. Met officials said that the wind will turn easterly around January 4 which is what will cause dense fog on Wednesday morning. \"However, respite from the fog is likely between Wednesday evening and Friday evening while WD affects the western Himalayas. No rain, however, is expected over Delhi and adjoining areas,\" said an official.The city saw maximum temperatures ranging from 18.2 degrees at Palam to 20 degrees at Lodhi Road. Jafarpur saw a minimum temperature of 11.5 degrees and at Pitampura it was13.6 degrees. \"This was typical of a cloudy day when the morning is warm and the afternoon cool. Morning cloud cover does not allow the earth's heat to escape keeping temperatures high while the afternoon cloud cover does not permit the sun's heat to come in, keeping the temperatures low,\" said an official.Met officials also said that other than fog, a fall in minimum temperatures by 2-4 degrees is also expected over northwest and adjacent central India in the next couple of days after which there will be another increase of about 2 degrees in the minimum temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11346735", "title": "New flight from Kangra airport by March", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Religare Aviation Company has offered to start a flight from the Kangra airport by March. At present, Kingfisher airlines flies its aircraft from Kangra to Delhi. This development might bring in good news for travelers who now expect the fares to go down.Airport director Kuldeep Kumar Sharma said, \"The new flight to Chandigarh and Amritsar would prove beneficial to local travelers. The ticket prices are not decided as yet.\"The present fares of the Dharamshala-Delhi flight varies according to the tourist season, and one ticket costs approximately between Rs 6,000 to Rs 10,000.Businessman Vijay Kumar said, \"The rates are simply too high. Concessions are provided to tourists visiting Jammu &amp; Kashmir and the northeast areas, but nothing applies here.\"Travel agent Deepak Dewan from McLeodganj said, \"The flow of passengers from the Kangra airport is intense. Many international tourists visit the place, it being the seat of spiritual leader Dalai Lama . Ticket prices must be reduced.\"The airport functions sans a refueling facility and the plane flies with an extra fuel tank installed in it, which lessens the seating capacity. Sources said the government is all-prepared to permit a refueling station, but no companies have come forward to offer their services due to the lesser frequency of flights from the Kangra airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11345737", "title": "Govt joins hands with NGO to reduce mishaps", "text": "PANAJI: With around 300 lives lost on Goa's roads last year,the National Road Safety Week will be observed from January 2 with the aim of educating citizens on road safety aspects to help reduce road accidents.This is the 23rd edition of the road safety week and the state transport department, together with civic awareness group GOACAN, will spearhead awareness efforts.Transport director Arun Desai told TOI, \"There will be programmes at different places including Panaji, Margao, Mapusa, Bicholim and Vasco besides at the municipal councils of Sanquelim, Valpoi, Pernem, Cuncolim and Canacona.\"A special bus adorned with posters and screening short films on road safety will visit these places, he said, adding that officials from the traffic cell, police and motor vehicle inspectors will go to schools and colleges to deliver lectures on road safety.This year's theme is 'Accidents bring tears, safety brings cheers'.\"This time we will highlight the importance of education, engineering and enforcement to reduce road accidents in Goa,\" said Roland Martins, co-ordinator of GOACAN.Goa has 290 traffic policemen to manage 8.5 lakh vehicles in the state. Hence, efforts will be made to promote the importance of setting up the traffic management committees by municipal councils and traffic warden scheme which ensures the participation of citizens in managing traffic. GOACAN will also promote the benefits of notified bus stops and bus bays, footpaths, zebra crossings, proper parking, and proper road signages.A campaign to free the roads of stray cattle will also be initiated by taking steps to make cattle pounds effective while also identifying the straycattle danger zones with proper signages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344505", "title": "Police arrest Afghan holed up in city", "text": "NAGPUR: Suspected Afghan national Bashir Shah alias Ayub Khan's stay so far in this country as an Indian citizen is more shocking than his modus operandi. Shah's activities, until he was arrested by crime branch on December 31, only exposes the negligence of the security system.This is the second arrest of Shah by city police. Shah was arrested by Lakadganj police in February 2006 for alleged act of staying in India without valid documents. He was then booked under the Foreigners' Act and for also violating the provisions of passport. Shah's younger brother Amir Khan was also booked along with him. The case is still pending for trial. It was, however, not clear as to how Shah sneaked away from India despite being an accused.Security agencies said that he lived under double identities in India and Afghanistan. While he was known as Bashir Shah in India, it is learnt now that he introduced himself as Ayub Khan in Afghanistan.Earlier he held an Afghan passport, Shah has claimed to have destroyed his documents and was in the process to establish himself as an Indian when the security agencies zeroed in on him. Senior inspector Madhao Giri, under additional commissioner of police (crime) Ravindra Kadam, picked him up from his rented place at Hansapuri.The crime branch found that Shah had managed to procure a driving licence from Nagpur's Regional Transport Office (RTO) in 2002. He had asserted he was born in India of an Afghan father and Indian mother in Bilaspur in Chhattisgarh but gave no evidence in support of his claim.Under strange circumstances, Shah went to Afghanistan travelling under passport of that country in 2007. Sources in security agencies said he even married in Afghanistan. In 2010, he returned to Nagpur. The security agencies feel he could be engaged in anti-Indian activities under the garb of being blanket and carpet seller.With the help of a local contact, Shah prepared a second driving licence in 2010 under the same name. He had also made an 'Aadhar' card for identification in May 2011 and was trying to make a passport when the cops caught him. Police did not rule out possibility of others like him present in the city and further investigations are on in that direction.Police found several pieces of evidence from his residence. These include various documents in the name of Ayub Khan as well as Shah. TOI had last week reported case of Aslam Khan alias Sher Mohammed who had managed to sneak out of India despite being an accused in a case registered at Tehsil police station in 2010. Police did not send a chargesheet in the case.The case is learnt to be now further investigated to find out how the accused managed to flee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11345765", "title": "DGP instructs officers on election procedures", "text": "PANAJI: Police officers have been asked to serve all pending warrants and challans as well as expedite investigations against electoral offenders. Besides they have been asked to unearth illicit liquor and unlicenced arms before the elections to ensure free and fair elections.This was conveyed to police officers last Tuesday in a meeting by DGP Kishan Kumar at police headquarters. DIG Ravindra Yadav and SP (election cell) Omprakash Kudtarkar briefed police officials on steps needed to be taken during elections.Officers have also been asked to compile a list of electoral offenders who have indulged in offences of impersonation and booth capturing in the past. \"Also, they have been asked to prepare an updated list of history sheeters, declared absconders and fugitive criminals in the state,\" said sources.Also the police have been told that if any police officer's relative is contesting elections, they have to immediately inform the police department. \"He will be transferred to ensure that there is free and fair elections,\" said an officer present for the meeting.The police is also printing 200 copies of model code of conduct to be distributed to each police station in-charge, DySPs and SPs as well as zonal and sector officers. It contains instructions that need to be followed by the police during the election process.DIG Yadav during the meeting reiterated that the police shouldn't only appear to be impartial but also act impartially. \"We were told that now we are on deputation to the Election Commission and are not under the state nor central government. Therefore we should follow the principle of firmness with politeness,\" said sources.Police officers have been asked to write to the administration for the removal of posters and they would provide necessary protection. \"To avoid fights during canvassing and meetings, the police have been asked to ensure that everyone should be given equitable access to public grounds. Access should be decided on first-come-first-served basis,\" said sources.Police have already activated a flying squad in every sub division, with a PSI and three-four police constables and an executive magistrate heading it. \"When a complaint of distribution of cash or liquor is received, they would have to gather evidence and record statements and provide a copy of the same to the police observers. The entire procedure has to be video recorded,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11346286", "title": "Plan to establish nursing varsity", "text": "BANGALORE: The government plans to set up a paramedical and nursing university expected to start from 2012-13 .A panel headed by cardiologist Devi Shetty submitted its recommendations , which are being studied by another committee constituted by the government . \"It will be later placed before the cabinet for approval ,'' medical education minister S A Ramadas told reporters on Monday.Following allegations of malpractices during last year's PGCET for admissions into the medical courses, Ramdas said the government scrapped all 10 PGCET exam centres outside Bangalore.The next PGCET will be held in Bangalore on January 29. \"We will take biometric details of all candidates at the time of counselling to curb malpractices ,\" he said. The CID, which is probing the alleged malpractices, will file the chargesheet against all 25 accused in the high court in a day or two, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11345614", "title": "Deceased scribe still member of Goa wildlife board", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state board for wildlife, which is headed by chief minister Digambar Kamat, has been reconstituted for a three-year term, but the inclusion of a deceased senior journalist in the 39-member panel raised eyebrows in some quarters.Jagdish Wagh, a former member and a senior journalist, who expired nearly three years ago has been included in the list of 36 members.Forest minister Filipe Neri Rodrigues will function as vice-chairman and conservator of forests (wildlife and eco tourism) as member secretary.The 36 members comprise representatives from various state and central government departments and organizations, including national institute of oceanography ( NIO), wildlife institute, Dehra Dun, coast guard, Union ministry of environment and forests, and wildlife experts. Forest department sources did not comment on the error, but only quipped that the mistake will be rectified.Health minister Vishwajit Rane, MLA and mine owner Anil Salgaocar, former MLA Vijay Pai Khot are among the politicians on the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346503", "title": "Fine no deterrent for traffic violators: DCP", "text": "PUNE: If figures released by the traffic police are an indication, all efforts to create awareness about traffic rules seem to have gone waste. Last year, Puneites paid an astronomical sum of Rs 10.63 crore to the government for violating traffic norms. Citizens may rue indiscipline on roads and lack of civic infrastructure, but the traffic police recorded 8.08 lakh cases of violation.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said that fine does not seem to be a deterrent anymore. \"The (fine) amount is very less and people seem to get away with it. Motorists need to follow the rules. If they do so and carry with them all the necessary documents, there won't be any need for police action,\" said Pandhre.Most cases of violations were about signal jumping. Violators included about 1.99 lakh two-wheeler owners and 1.39 lakh car owners.The number of violations registered could have been much more had the traffic police implemented the traffic-i-cop project. The ambitious project was introduced on a trial basis in 2009-2010 and was a success since it helped the city police search for stolen vehicles and traffic offenders.At present, the proposal is pending with the state home ministry, which is planning to implement it in all major cities of the state.On its part, the traffic branch has allowed traffic head constables to collect fines which has helped avoid delays in issuing receipts.Meanwhile, the traffic branch has sent a proposal to the state government, seeking allotment of some amount of the fine collected for traffic improvement works in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11345554", "title": "\u2018Poll campaign depends on Anna\u2019s health\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal on Monday said the proposed campaign by Anna Hazare in five poll-bound states entirely depended on his health.\"It depends entirely on his health and suggestions by doctors,\" he said.Hazare had earlier announced that he would tour the five poll-bound states to canvass against political parties that opposed a strong Lokpal Bill in the Parliament.He said since Anna's health was improving with reduced chest congestion, the date of next meeting of the movement's core committee would be finalised soon. \"Anna's health is paramount for us and the whole country,\" he added.Dr Parag Sancheti said Hazare would be administered intravenous antibiotics for five days. He has been advised not to undertake any stressful activity or fast for a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11345656", "title": "Builders break their promise", "text": "NOIDA: There seems to be no end to the troubles of Noida Extension homebuyers. While the fate of the projects in the area remains far from clear, many developers have now begun sending letters asking buyers to \"share the burden of enhanced compensation\" that is to be given to the farmers or face \"cancellation of their bookings.\" This is the second blow to the buyers as earlier they were sent demand letters asking for pending interests on their installments.A few of the developers in the disputed Noida Extension-Greater Noida area have asked buyers to pay as much as \"20 to 40 per cent of the total cost of the bookings\" to share the burden of enhanced compensation. This is in spite of several requests from the developers body CREDAI to refrain from making any demands from the buyers at least till the Noida Extension projects become bankable again.\"I had booked a flat in Valencia Homes last January and had paid 10 per cent of the total cost at the time. Soon after, I paid another 20 per cent to get the allotment letter. Then, in September 2011, the developer asked me to pay 20 per cent more even though the project had landed in trouble as the land issue went to court. He warned that I would be penalized and charged an extra Rs 200 per square feet if I did not pay,\" said Latika Singh, a resident of Delhi. \"The developer has now sent a cancellation letter saying that my booking is being cancelled and I must pay an extra Rs 125 per sq ft to retain the same,\" she said.\"Many developers, including known names like Valencia Homes, Palm Olympia, etc have sent demand letters and now cancellation letters to buyers saying that since the Greater Noida Authority has asked them to pay enhanced compensation, the existing buyers also must share that burden,\" said Sarvesh Chaturvedi, who has booked a flat with Devika Gold Homz. \"Even though the builder-buyer agreement has room for imposing burden of additional levies, fees, etc on the allottees, how can they expect middle-class buyers like us to pay up when the banks have stopped disbursing loans and the work on our flats remains stagnant?\" he asked.There is much ambiguity regarding shifting out buyers from the Shahberi projects as well and many buyers complain that they are yet to be allotted alternate flats as promised by developers after the land in the village was denotified by the Supreme Court earlier last year.The buyers' associations, thus, have now scheduled a meeting with these developers on January 8 to \"plead their case.\" If the matter still remains unresolved, the NCR wing of CREDAI will arrange for a meeting of such developers with the buyers. Earlier, on several occasions, CREDAI had assured the existing buyers that no extra cost due to the enhanced compensation deals would be imposed upon them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11345775", "title": "Trinamool Cong offers Willy state chief\u2019s post", "text": "PANAJI: Adding a dash of intrigue to the political scene in Goa ahead of the March 2012 assembly elections, former chief minister Wilfred de Souza on Monday displayed a letter written by the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) appointing him as the president of the Goa unit of the AITC and giving him a free hand to draw up a list of candidates for the assembly polls.After handing out copies of the letter to the media, De Souza said he has not decided whether or not to accept the offer but only said the probability of accepting the offer is \"very good.\"When asked if he was using this as a pressure tactic to either secure entry or an election ticket from the Congress, De Souza replied in the negative. He also declined to answer most questions on when he would decide on the offer, whether he would personally contest elections and what would be the AITC agenda for the elections.But going by his talk, all indications are that he will take up the offer. He was all praise for the AITC saying that it is the second largest component of the ruling UPA in Delhi with 19 MPs and eight ministers including ministers of state. He said the AITC has much relevance to Goa as it has important ministries like railways, ports, urban development, tourism, health, etc.Having another political party in the fray in Goa could split the secular vote and damage the Congress. Against this backdrop, suppose the Congress offered him the position of Congress president (Subhash Shirodkar will be relieved as he is contesting elections), will he accept? \"There are no suppositions in my book,\" De Souza quipped.De Souza handed out copies of the letter to media persons. Written by AITC general secretary Mukul Roy, the letter is unsigned. Roy could not be contacted, but TOI Kolkatta bureau quoted AITC Rajya Sabha MP from Kolkotta, Derek O'Brien as having confirmed De Souza's appointment.The letter reads, \"The AITC moves to the Western Coast of India, launching its party unit in the state of Goa. The AITC general secretary Mukul Roy, under the direction of chairperson Mamata Banerjee , authorized senior politician and former chief minister Wilfred A De Souza to be the president of the Goa Pradesh AITC unit and in charge of the forthcoming election 2012 in Goa. De Souza has also been authorized on behalf of the ITC to meet and negotiate with various small parties and regional political groups in the best interest of the party. The candidates list of AITC Goa unit for 2012 assembly elections will be drawn up by De Souza and sent to the AITC headquarters for final approval.\"It is learnt that the AITC is \"desperate\" to get a national party status and is therefore contesting assembly elections in other parts of the country even where it does not have a formal set-up like it did in Assam.According to the guidelines of the Election Commission of India, for getting national party status, the total number of valid votes polled by a political party in the last Lok Sabha or assembly election should not be less than 6% of the total votes polled.When asked if he was using this as a pressure tactic to either secure entry or an election ticket from the Congress, de Souza replied in the negative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349125", "title": "Xavier's Aptitude Test - exam tips and preparation methods", "text": "Answers to questions posed in the Live Chat on XAT preparation tips, held on December 22, 2011Q: What are the main areas to prepare for in XAT?XAT has 3 sections - quantitative and and Interpretation (DI), reasoning including decision making ability and verbal ability including Reading Comprehension (RC). Areas are pretty much similar to CAT - hence, if you have prepared for CAT, it shouldn't be much of a problem. Do surely take some mock XATs.Q: Is XAT written or online?It is a paper-pen based test, not an online test. It has 3 sections - quantitative ability (maths) and data interpretation; verbal and logical ability; analytical reasoning incl decision making questions.Q: Where can I take the mock XAT's?You can take mock XATs from any of the top coaching institutes who help students prepare for CAT, XAT, etc.Q: What types of question does decision making have and is GK a part too?GK is not a part of XAT. Decision making questions involve a given situation which has some problem to be solved; you need to understand the situation and among the options, select the best alternative that should be adopted. When you take some Mock XATs, you get a very good idea about such areas/ questions.Q: Kindly give tips to tackle Data Interpretation?Yes, DI sometimes can be difficult/ lengthy and questions may be calculation-intensive. The key is to be good in percentages, ratios and other basic maths concepts and then, follow it up with practicing different types of questions based on line graphs, pie charts, bar graphs, etc.Q: What are the total marks of the paper and what is a good score?Last year there were 101 questions - total marks 253. But this can change year to year. Since a good score depends on the difficulty level of the paper, no figure can be mentioned for it. E.g. last year (2011), paper was very difficult and hence, cut-offs were on the lower side.Q: Are Comprehension and Vocabulary also part of XAT?Yes, vocabulary based questions as well as RC are a part of XAT. They come in the verbal/logical section.Q: Are there any changes brought in XAT 2011?As far as the paper is concerned, no change is known as of now. But, they have said that the cut-offs would be reduced which means comparatively lesser weighting to XAT because they want a better mix of people. Level of difficulty is also expected to be lesser this year.Q: Is XAT applicable only for Xavier institutes?XAT is used/accepted by more than 100 B-schools across India. Some of them being XLRI, XIM-B, SP Jain, IMT-Ghaziabad, TAPMI Manipal, IFMR Chennai, GIM Goa, Welingkar Mumbai and Liba Chennai.Q: Kindly outline the sections that would constitute XAT exam?Analytical reasoning including decision making - it involves puzzles and situation-based questions; verbal/logic, it has RC, verbal ability like fill in the blanks, Para jumbles, Para completion, reasoning; quant and DI - it has maths (class 10th mostly and some class 12th based) as well as data interpretation which is about answering questions based on given data/graphs/charts/caselets etc.Q: What should be the strategy for essay writing?Essay writing requires clear thinking, structured thought process, good argument analysis and effective writing. You may practice writing essays within 20 min and seek feedback from your teachers/experts.Q: Are there any cut-off marks for any of the 3 sections? Is there negative marking?Yes, XAT does have sectional cut-offs which are decided based on the marks secured by all students. last year, negative marking was one-fourth of the marks allocated per question.Q: Which of the Xavier's institutes is better for future prospects? And what are the cut-off scores for each (XLRI and XIM)?XLRI is undoubtedly the best followed by XIM-B, XIME, XISS and so on. Cut-off percentile last year was 95+ but that can vary every year. Scores obviously depend on the difficulty level of the paper - in an easier paper, cut-offs will go higher.Q: Is there any rule that says one has to clear each section with a certain mark so that his entire paper is checked?Checking is computerised and hence, doesn't take time. But for top b-schools you need to clear the sectional cut-off in each section before your total score is considered. Last year, cut-offs were 70 percentile in VA, 90 percentile in QA, 80 percentile in AR.Q: What is the weighting of XAT?Last year, XAT got 50% weighting and GD/interview remaining 50%Besides XAT, what kind of preparation should one do to get an admission into the one of the top Xaviers institutes?In addition to XAT, b-schools have group discussions and personal interviews. For GD's it requires very good knowledge as well as communication skills. Hence, we advise some mock GD's for each student. For interview, preparation is on your acads/ work exp/ goals/ personality-related/ hobbies etc.Q: I've got 51% aggregate in my graduation. Do you think there will be any problem in GD and PI?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11344141", "title": "FIR against Panjara sarpanch", "text": "GONDIA: Sarpanch of Panjara village Chetandas Nagpure has been booked and an FIR has been registered against him for misappropriation of over Rs 6 lakh meant for the government's rural development schemes like water supply and construction.According to the complaint lodged by Tanta Mukti Samiti (TMS) of Panjara village, about 25km from Gondia the then Gramsewak DR Tirkar and Nagpure along with some other employees of the gram panchayat of Panjara misappropriated the funds in 2008. Overwriting in the cash book was found in 2009-10 and 2010-11 as evidence.Following the complaint, an investigation was conducted by BDO Gondia who sought an FIR against Nagpure and Tirkar. Though Tirkar was transferred and suspended, no action was taken against Nagpure due to political pressure.Earlier, president of TMC Harikishan Baghele and Amrutlal Kaware had gone on a hunger strike from December 26 to demand action against the guilty.Members of the Anti Corruption Trust under the leadership of Ranjeetbhai Jassani and Adv Om Methi had mounted pressure on the administration to arrest the accused as the health of Baghele and Kaware was deteriorating.Following the agitation, an FIR was registered by the Rawanwadi police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349214", "title": "Britney Spears works out thrice a week", "text": "Britney Spears works out three times a week.The 'Toxic' singer says exercising on a regular basis and eating healthily is very important to her and wants to take good care of her body.She said: \"I'm very big on being healthy and working out three times a week. I go to bed early and get my beauty sleep. I also drink lots of water to keep my body hydrated.\"The 30-year-old star also revealed how she loves getting ready for a glamorous night out.She said: \"It takes me an hour-and-a-half to get ready for a red carpet event. I usually take a shower, wash my hair, blow my hair out and have a cup of coffee. Then I'll have my make-up artist come in and we'll decided on what we want to go for - a soft or sinister style! From there we look at the wardrobe and see if it makes sense, And then we through the process of getting ready, which is the funnest part.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11346280", "title": "Lokayukta police to file FIR against HDK", "text": "BANGALORE: The special Lokayukta court on Monday directed Lokayukta police to register an FIR against former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy in an alleged illegal land denotification case.The court referred the case for investigation based on a private complaint by one MS Mahadevaswami . The complainant has accused that Kumaraswamy along with his former colleague C Chennigappa had misused official position to denotify 3 acres and 8 guntas of land in Thanisandra of KR Puram hobli, which had been acquired by BDA for forming Arkavathy Layout in October 2007.The complainant alleged that the duo colluded with the original owners of the land, though BDA had carved out sites and allotted them to 38 persons . According to the complaint, though the original owners did not seek for denotification, Chennigappa submitted a petition to the government asking for the land to be returned (denotified) to them. Following this, the land was denotified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11349994", "title": "\u2018Surprise checks\u2019 to make banks secure", "text": "Allahabad: The district police on Monday launched the 'Surprise Checks' programme under which men-in-khaki will make surprise visits at banks and financial institutions to take stock of the security apparatus.The drive, aimed at safeguarding these institutions from criminals, will also seek the cooperation of bank authorities.Police officials from the rank of DSP to ASP will carry out 'surprise check' wherein officials will also take stock of the security systems and CCTVs installed in and around banks.On Monday, DIG/SSP Prakash D, SP (city) Subhash Singh Baghel and DSP (Colonelganj) Praveen Singh along with police forces and one PAC company paid a surprise visit to State Bank of India , Main Branch, and checked the security gadgets including CCTVs and alarm systems.DSP Colonelganj Praveen Singh told TOI: \"The drive also aimed at checking the presence of suspected persons or articles in and around the bank premises. During the drive, the main entrance and exit points of the bak were closed and all bags and articles of customers checked.\" However, nothing suspicious was found during the drive.The entire exercise lasted for about 40 minutes. The police officials discussed the security issue with the bank officials.DSP said the police will review the security systems of all banks in the city. The will check the bags and articles with metal detector. The drive comes in wake of recent spurt in loot and robberies near banks and financial institutions.\"Representatives of all banks have been briefed about the proposal and asked to install electronic surveillance systems,\" said a cop, adding that most of the banks in Civil Lines, Katra, Kareli, Johnstonganj, Mutthiganj, Kothaparcha area have CCTVs, but these need to be combined with effective alarms.Currently, the police are focusing on two areas. First, installation of CCTVs and deployment of trained security guards. Second, bank guards would be imparted training by police. In case of presence of suspicious persons or vehicle in and around bank premises, verification should be made by seeking police or public assistance in case of doubt, said SP (city) SS Baghel.According to police, except Civil Lines, several banks in other localities including Colonelganj, Mutthiganj, Kydganj, Kareli and Dhoomanganj do not have adequate security systems.Acknowledging that most of the banks have deputed private security guards who are not well equipped to deal with any eventuality, cops claim that they have been updating security status around banks and mobile police check teams (mobile vans) have been deployed.DIG/SSP Prakash D has stressed that CCTVs and alarm systems at all banks, especially in city limits, should be functional and there should be regular check of such equipment. Besides, there should be no laxity in deputing armed guards and a DSP rank police official should regularly check the status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346722", "title": "1.25 cr for water supply to animals", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has sanctioned 1.25 crore to Erode district to make provisions for supply of water to animals living in the Erode and Sathyamangalam forest areas .Talking to reporters here on Monday ,D Arun, conservator of forests , said , \"Already , we have constructed some check dams and dug percolation ponds to store water for the animals , especially elephants and bison\" .He said a survey had been conducted by personnel of the forest department and decided to form percolation ponds , check dams and also some water storage tanks .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345195", "title": "Dogs on prowl at Tihar to check drugs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drug peddlers smuggling narcotics into the Tihar Jail beware as prison authorities have decided to take the help of dogs to detect them.The need for deploying canines was felt after some prisoners managed to smuggle in contraband into the jail despite installation of gadgets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345406", "title": "Govt plays safe, defers fuel price hike for now", "text": "NEW DELHI: Politics has again prevailed over business, and the government appears to be losing its nerve for fuel price hike after last week's Parliament debacle over Lokpal.The oil ministry on Monday did not allow state-run fuel retailers to raise petrol price. The retailers, who review prices on the 15th and last day of each month, wanted to raise petrol price by about Rs 2 per litre on Saturday, essentially to offset the rupee's fall against the dollar. But the ministry \"advised\" them not to spoil the New Year mood and said it would let them know its decision on Monday. But the parliamentary debacle and the impending polls in five states, including UP, seem to have weighed on the political leadership.On record, the fuel retailers are free to revise petrol price in tune with the fuel price in Singapore's bulk market as well as crude. Even ministry dissociates itself from any revision. But in practice, the companies don't move without an informal cue from the parent oil ministry, their largest shareholder. Sources in the oil companies said their marketing heads would meet on January 4 to take stock of the situation. But still, a revision looks unlikely for the next fortnight at least.Even on December 15, the ministry did not allow an increase of about a Re 1 per litre for fear of facing protests in Parliament. At that time, it advised the retailers to wait for the impact of the RBI's step to check the rupee's fall. Since then, however, the gap between the global rates and domestic prices have widened as the Indian currency has fallen further to Rs 53.07 against the dollar. The average exchange rate was Rs 51.98 to a dollar in the first fortnight of December.Many feel the government may have lost the last window for raising petrol price before the polls. \"Inflation is down and there are signs that interest rates and loan installments are going to come down. Even electioneering is yet to gain momentum. But in the next fortnight, polls would be in focus and any move to revise petrol price will be projected as anti-people by the opposition,\" an analyst said.Global prices of gasoline, against which domestic petrol rates are benchmarked, averaged $111.71 per barrel in the second half of December almost the same as in the preceding fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11346499", "title": "\u2018Tour in poll-bound states depends on Anna\u2019s health\u2019", "text": "PUNE: While the health of Anna Hazare has improved during the past 24 hours, the Team Anna members are not sure if their leader will be able to campaign against the Congress party in the five states which are going to polls.\"Only Anna will take a call on this issue,\" core committee member Arvind Kejriwal said here on Monday.Kejriwal arrived here from Delhi on Monday morning and called on Hazare at the hospital. In the evening, he told reporters: \"Anna's proposed campaign in the five poll-bound states entirely depends on his health and the advice from the doctors. Anna's health is paramount for us and for the country. Anna is still recovering from his illness and we have not discussed any future plans.\"Team Anna's meeting was scheduled at Ralegan Siddhi on Monday and Tuesday but it was postponed owing to Hazare's illness. Kejriwal said that the date and schedule of the next meeting will be decided in two to three days. \"In our next meeting we will discuss about the campaign. Only Anna will take a call on this issue.\"When reporters sought his reaction on Lalu Prasad Yadav's statement that Team Anna's agitation was a flop show, Kejriwal said, \"I don't think that I should react to his statement\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11348547", "title": "Sunny but cold morning for Delhiites", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a sunny but cold morning for Delhiites today as the minimum temperature dropped by nearly four degrees while a layer of fog covered the city in the early hours.The minimum temperature was recorded at 7.9 degree Celsius, one degree above normal and 3.7 degrees less than yesterday's 11.6 degree Celsius.The maximum temperature in the last 24 hours was recorded at 19.7 degree Celsius which is one degree below normal for this time of the year.There was a shallow fog cover over the city for sometime in the morning but it did not have much impact on flight operations at the Indira Gandhi International Airport .The weatherman has predicted mist or shallow fog in the morning tomorrow and the temperature could be between eight and 21 degree Celsius.Last month saw the minimum temperature come down to 2.9 deg C on Christmas morning, the lowest for the season so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11350476", "title": "'Don 2' continues to rule box-office. Expectations rife from 'Players'", "text": "The last release of 2011 - 'Kya Yahi Sach Hai' went unnoticed. All eyes are now set on Abbas-Mustan's 'Players'.Not many would know what the last release of 2011 actually was. No, it wasn't Don 2 but a film called Kya Yahi Sach Hai which came and left without any trace last Friday. Its business isn't even worth mentioning and so the last release of 2011 couldn't start 2012 on a positive note. Thereby Shah Rukh Khan's Don 2 had no opposition at the box-office and ruled supreme. The film collected around Rs 19 crores in second weekend with the overall business coming close to Rs 100 crores.All eyes are now set on Abbas-Mustan's Players . This official remake of The Italian Job boasts of a star-studded cast including Abhishek Bachchan , Bipasha Basu , Bobby Deol , Sonam Kapoor , Neil Mukesh and Sikander Kher. Expectations are rife from this heist flick. However till some years back there was a myth in the industry that the first release of the year meets with bad fate and so filmmakers often pushed their films by a week. Nevertheless the myth was proved wrong last year with the first release of 2011 - No One Killed Jessica meeting with a favourable response at the box-office. It needs to be seen whether Players breaks the myth again or reinstates belief in it.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Don 2Position: 1Director: Farhan AkhtarCast: Shah Rukh Khan, Priyanka Chopra , Boman Irani, Kunal Roy KapoorUpside: Slick packaging, good cinematography, some exciting momentsDownside: Style over substance, everyone other than SRK underused, dull first half, unexciting music, ends as an average heist filmRunning Week: 2Trade Comments: With no opposition at the box-office, Don 2 ruled supreme and collected around Rs 19 crores in second weekend. The overall collection is close to Rs 100 crores.Film: The Dirty PicturePosition: 2Director: Milan LuthriaCast: Vidya Balan , Emraan Hashmi, Naseeruddin Shah , Tusshar KapoorUpside: Interesting story, good performances by Vidya-Emraan-Naseer, brilliant dialoguesDownside: Second half turns monotonous, abrupt climaxRunning Week: 5Box Office Verdict: Super hit!Film: Ladies vs Ricky BahlPosition: 3Director: Maneesh SharmaCast: Ranveer Singh, Anushka Sharma, Parineeti Chopra, Dipannita Sharma, Aditi SharmaUpside: Interesting plot, decent performancesDownside: Dull second half, love story spoils the con-essence of filmRunning Week: 4Box-Office Verdict: Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346274", "title": "Poll code hits liquor sale in Uttar Pradesh?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Call it a strict measure adopted by Election Commission of India after election code of conduct came into force in UP or anything else, liquor sale in the month of December, especially keeping in mind Christmas and New Year revelry, saw only 3% rise.The increase, liquor traders and excise officials said, is much low against the expected 10-15% increase. The state capital also see only 3% increase as compared to the last year's increase, an excise official said and added there are several districts in the state which have seen an increase of hardly 1% as compared to the last year's figure.However, traders are still hopeful that sale of liquor in Uttar Pradesh will see an increase of 15-20% as the election fever grips the state. The likely increase is not based on any astrological calculation but the past experiences during such elections, said liquor dealers in the state capital.What will be interesting to see is the category which would see the maximum jump. A dealer, who has around two-dozen Indian made foreign liquor (IMFL) licensed shops in the state capital alone, said that if the election is held in February, rum, whisky and scotch will be the most preferred category of the politicians and their supporters so much so that the sale of rum in all likelihood would go up by 30%. While whisky and scotch remain all time favourite, but, would see an increase of around 10-15% during election. However, if the election is held in April in the state, the khadi-clad politicians and their supporters would prefer vodka, gin and beer.The sale in this category can also go up between 30-40%, he said. Elaborating, another dealer said, \"Since, the sale of whisky sees an upward trend in winters and it would be cold enough in February when the election will be held, so whisky and scotch would be the preferred category. However, if the election is held in April which is actually the time when summer season begins, sale of vodka, gin and beer goes up.\"Similar increase is being noticed after the start of winter season in November and would see increase of another 15-20% in the last days of the year.Detailing on the reason, a dealer with his shop in Hazratganj area, said, \"Even Christmas and New Year celebrations give fillip to the sale of liquor. Same is the case during marriage season.\"Overall, Vodka and beer continue to be the hot favourite among youths in the age group of 20 to 35 years, primarily for the reason that its consumption is deceptive for those who see people holding glasses in their hand because of water-like look and odourless. Similarly, beer is also the hot favourite among this group.Whisky is the most preferred category for the post-30 age group, a dealer of Jaiswals group in Indiranagar area said. It is for this reason that sale of whisky continues to be around 50-55% throughout the year out of total sale of various categories.District prohibition officer Alok Kumar said there has been an increase in the sale of liquor as compared to last year but the department doesn't keep any record of seasonal sale increase or the reason behind the increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11348016", "title": "Now, dial toll-free number for redressal of grievances", "text": "GUWAHATI: City dwellers will now be able to air their grievances by dialing a toll-free number (18003453628) launched by the Kamrup (Metro) district administration. Addressing the media on the eve of New Year, Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri assured the people of the district of a better and corruption-free administration in 2012. \"Weather it is land grabbing, cutting of hills, new encroachment, fair price shop or waterlogging, the complainant will receive feedback within one week from the date of lodging complaint on the toll-free number,\" said the deputy commissioner.The state government and the chief minister himself raised serious concerns over the recent incidents of land-grabbing in the district. In December last year, the district administration carried out a massive drive to free government land in Sonapur and booked the culprits, said Agnihotri. He added that the Assam Land Grabbing (Prohibition) Act, 2010, notified on November 18, will further empower the officials of the administration and a task force headed by deputy commissioner to look into the issue has been constituted.He said the number of public facilitation centres in the office of deputy commissioner will be raised to five from four. \"The district administration will soon take out a booklet where the responsibilities of the officials in the circle offices will be earmarked. The GS Road and the road from Bharalumukh point to Chandmari will be made free of trekkers. They will be asked to take other routesa,\" he added.Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) commissioner Puru Gupta said the GMC will carry out desiltation and cleaning work of all drains in Guwahati before the onset of monsoon to get rid of the problems of waterlogging and flashfloods.He added that altogether 94 authorized parking places will come up in the city. Appealing to youths to abjure rash driving, city SP Apurba Jibon Baruah said city police has chalked out new plans to control traffic on new year. \"Census of all tenants in the city will be held. The OCs concerned would be instructed to keep photographs of tenants and other details as it has come to light that most Manipuri extremists were operating from rented houses in Guwahati,\" added Baruah. _", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346779", "title": "Pilgrims\u2019 progress: Another special train for Shirdi on Jan 7", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Buoyed by packed coaches with which their earlier special trains to Shirdi left city's railway station, Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is scheduled to launch another train to the holy city on January 7.A part of the Bharat Darshan Shirdi special trains, the train is scheduled to leave Chandigarh on January 7 for its five-day journey to the holy spot.The train has a capacity of 504 passengers and on Saturday, nearly half of its seats had already been booked.Speaking to TOI, IRCTC chief regional manager R K Sondh said, \"Because of the good response in December, we decided to have another train run so that we could accommodate those who were not able to get tickets last time.\"He said, \"We have started a new scheme where prospective senior citizen passengers can receive a train ticket sitting at home. They just need to call on our helpline and we would send an IRCTC agent to them.\" Sondh added that daily charge for the journey was Rs 500. The train accommodates 504 passengers and would provide meals to all of them without any extra cost. Staying arrangements would also be made for passengers at pre-selected tourist spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348731", "title": "Abbas's son Mustafa to make his acting debut", "text": "This year is fast becoming the perfect launch year for filmmakers' offspring.Apart from David Dhawan's son Varun and Mahesh Bhatt's daughter Alia, Mustafa Burmawalla, Abbas's (of Abbas-Mustan fame) son will also make his silver screen debut in his father's upcoming directorial venture Players.The 24-year-old Mustafa will be seen in an interesting cameo opposite Sonam Kapoor in the upcoming film. The sequence was shot in Russia.Explaining his role in the film, Mustafa told Mumbai Mirror, \"I enjoyed doing my bit in my dad's film. But my goal is to become a director. I love filmmaking. In fact, I have done a course in New York Film Academy.\"\"It is short scene with Sonam where she tries to seduce me so that she can reach her destination. In the end, she gets what she wanted but I end up getting nothing,\" Mustafa added.The short cameo did not deter Mustafa from getting some hands-on experience in filmmaking either. \"I assisted my father during Players. It was a rather good learning experience,\" said Mustafa. And like his father, Mustafa too, likes thrillers. \"I prefer horror thrillers and dark comedy,\" added the 24-year-old.On a lighter note, when asked about his dressing habits, Mustafa revealed that unlike his father and his uncle, he never wears all-white ensembles. \"I do wear a white shirt at times. But never all white,\" laughed the actor.Taking this opportunity, we slipped in a naughty question as well. When asked to name one heroine who he thinks will look sexier than Bipasha in a red bikini, pat came the reply, \"Jacqueline Fernandez would look really hot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346824", "title": "Kennel Club all set for dog show", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Here's an event not to be missed by the pet lovers of Tricity, as more than 400 canines from across the country will rub their tails with each other in Chandigarh Kennel Club dog show on January 21 and 22. The show will be held in Leisure Valley, Sector 10, continuously for two days. On January 21, it would completely be a labrador show while on January 22 would be all-breed show.Giving details, Chandigarh Kennel Club secretary Harinder Singh Aulakh told TOI that around 400 canines of 40 different breeds from various parts of the country, would be participating in the show. Special labrador show would be the main attraction of the show while they are also expecting some rare breeds to participate in the event.Aulakh also added that this time world's top most dogs that had won all the dog championships in various international competitions, would be arriving in the show. The show would be judged by two Australian lady judges, Linda Buckley and Louise Dorr Austara and Sharat Sharma from India.Among 40 breeds of canines that will walk the ramp at Leisure Valley are labrador, chow-chow, shih tzu, rottweiler, saint bernard, beagle, German Shepherd, Lhasa apso, great dane, sher pei, English mastiff, pug, boxer, dachshund smooth hair, Afghan hound, caravan hound, Siberian husky, beagle, English pointer, and dalmatian.According to the Chandigarh Kennel Club, they are expecting the dog show as one of the top shows of the country because of the expected arrival of winners of multiple countries. Last date of making entries is January 10.The competition will, however, not see the dogs doing any tricks. They will be judged various factors like coat size, temperament, agility and the likes as per the standard set by the Kennel Club of India ( KCI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11345428", "title": "Parents raise questions over exec's death", "text": "KOLKATA: Police were yet to get any leads on the death of the 37-year-old executive Koushik Dutta, whose body was found in a pool of blood in front of the third tower of South City complex on January 1.Initially, police had reasons to believe that Dutta, a resident of Salt Lake , was drunk and fell down from the balcony of the 31{+s}{+t} floor flat of his friend either accidentally or jumped to death. But the deceased's parents and his relatives were not prepared to believe that Dutta has committed suicide. Circumstantial evidences also raise question on his death.On Monday, investigators spoke to the victim's parents Anima and Sujit. Police now hope that the post mortem report will provide with some clue. The initial autopsy report, however, confirmed that Dutta died due to a fall from height, said Damayanti Sen, joint CP (crime). \"The nature of the injury is important in such cases to detect the fall as suicidal or homicidal,\" said an investigator.Probe revealed that the husband of the host of the party and her husband were Dutta's old friends. However, the host's husband, who works in Mumbai, was not present in the party, said investigators. Her neighbours claimed Dutta was spotted with the woman at the party organized by the housing complex association till late on Saturday.\"She introduced Dutta as her friend. He was looking quite normal,\" said a neighbour. Though neighbours claimed they did not notice any other friend, police said some more were present in the flat. \"All of them were inebriated and claimed that they did not notice when Dutta went to the balcony,\" said an investigator. The host said she spotted Dutta last on an extended part of the balcony that was not guarded. \"We are verifying facts. We may speak to host's daughter,\" said another investigator.Dutta's mother Anima said, \"He called up his sister abroad. I wonder what would have happened to him within few moments that he chose to kill himself.\" His other relatives also refused to accept that Dutta was unhappy in his personal life. \"He quit his job and returned from an African country. Why should he kill self?\" said his father. Other residents of the complex ruled out chances of an accidental fall. They pointed out that the balcony wall is not too low. \"Until a person leans on the wall and loses balance, there is little chance that he will fall,\" said a resident. Anima told police that the host rang her a little before 3am to inform about Dutta's death. But till Monday evening, no complaint was lodged, said Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349208", "title": "Brand new", "text": "Delhi University (DU) in the last one year has incorporated gradual changes to become more student-friendly. From implementing the semester system for undergraduate courses, allowing access to students to the newly-renovated CWG stadium to opening new hostels for girls at the Dhaka complex on North Campus, the university is now taking calculated steps to establish itself as a brand at an international level.A committee was formed by the university three years ago, headed by SK Vij, advisor to the university, which recently submitted its report to the university. We want to build recall value of the university in the minds of the public and the student community, which is why the decision to create brand-DU. The inspiration for the same has been numerous foreign universities that have been visiting us. All these universities are recognised worldwide and have high recall value, explains Vij.So what are the key attributes of a brand? The committee has proposed the following:ONE COLOURThe university colour, which will be used in DU prospectus, letterheads, envelopes, cards, stationery, the website, on the walls, as well as on items used in DU hostels. The colleges and departments of university will also use this colour in innovative ways, like on T-shirts, jackets, etc.DU SEALThe seal of the university will be standardised and proper guidelines will be created on when it can be used.NEW SYMBOLThe university will also design a symbol that will be used on letterheads, prospectus, etc.SLOGANA slogan to differentiate DU.UNIVERSITY LOGODU will adopt a logo that will be printed on everything that the university owns; cutlery, crockery, stationary, et al.GIFT ITEMSThe university will have common gift items, which will be presented to dignitaries who visit the university as well as professionals from foreign universities visiting DU.SOUVENIRSDU will decide on a range of souvenirs and mementos that it will present to its alumni and students who graduate. Students can also purchase mementos like neckties, scarfs, mugs, etc.It is great to hear that we will have a theme, logo and Brand DU. It will give us a feeling of pride and belongingness to the institution. Though late, it is a positive development, says Kunal Mishra, a second-year student at Hansraj College.According to RK Sinha, registrar, DU, the university will start working on the brand plan from January. We dont know how much time it will take to get Brand DU established, but we have started on the journey, he says.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344537", "title": "Teen hangs self over fear of failure", "text": "NAGPUR: Minutes after having a cup of tea with his father, 16-year-old Shubham Mishra hanged himself to death at his Laxman Apartment, Wardha Road residence on Monday morning. His parents suspect repeated failure in college exams pushed him to take the extreme step.Shubham, who had taken admission in polytechnic after class X, was depressed as he failed to clear his first year examination. \"Since he failed to clear the supplementary test too, he decided to take a drop this year,\" said Amit Dubey, a relative.On Monday morning, Shubham appeared very normal to his parents. After an hour, Shubham's mother left for her a private course exam. Around 11 am, Shubham had tea with his father Radheshyam Mishra, a property dealer. Soon after Mishra too left to withdraw money from a nearby ATM. \"Before leaving, Mishra had asked Shubham if he would be fine all alone. Shubham assured his father not to worry and come home soon,\" Dubey informed.When after half and hour Mishra returned, he failed to get any response from Shubham. He kept on ringing the door bell for 15 minutes but in vain. He even tried to break open the front door. Meanwhile, Shubham's mother too returned. She jumped into the adjoining balcony to peep inside. She was shocked to find her son hanging by the ceiling fan. Mishra and his wife broke open the balcony door and rushed Shubham to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead.They told cops that Shubham was depressed over his failure in college exams. \"He was a good sportsman. His parents did not force him to continue studies but he wanted a degree,\" Dubey added.Shubham's elder brother and younger sister are good at studies and this might have disheartened him. Dhantoli police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11345752", "title": "Turtle nests saved as bus gets stuck in sand at Morjim", "text": "PANAJI: A tourist bus carrying a picnic group got stuck in the sand on Morjim beach, barely 60 m from the site of turtles nests on Sunday evening.Wild life lovers, who are irked by the lack of monitoring on Morjim beach, alleged that the bus had ventured into the area designated as turtle nesting site. \"But there is no marking or demarcation to indicate, it is a no-entry zone for vehicles,\" a villager alleged.Though the turtle-nesting is witnessed closer to the surf zone, most of the nests on Morjim beach have been shifted to drier areas, away from the high water mark.\"The distance from where the bus was stranded was barely 100 to 150 m from the site where the turtle eggs have been shifted to freshly dug nests,\" the villager said.A crane was called to the spot at around 8.30 pm and the vehicle was pulled out to the road. The picnic group had left the spot much earlier.Forest department sources said a proposal to fix more boards is being processed and adequate signage will be fixed in the area. Two more arrivals on December 29, 2011, and another on New Year's day, has taken the total number of arrivals of the flippered visitors to eight.The maximum number of nestings in a single season was 30 - recorded about a decade back. But turtle arrivals dwindled since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11343856", "title": "Chill to stay for a couple of days", "text": "MUMBAI: After a warm New Year, the city recorded a sharp dip in minimum temperatures on Monday. While maximum temperatures remained similar to that of Sunday, the weather is likely to remain cool for at least the next two days.On Monday, the minimum temperatures dipped almost 5 degrees when Santa Cruz recorded 16 degree Celsius as compared to 20.8 degree Celsius of Sunday. Colaba remained sober with 18.8 degree Celsius-about two degree lower than Sunday. Met officials, however, are at a loss on the dip in night-time temperatures. \"We cannot really say why there was such a sharp dip in the minimum temperatures on Monday,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at Indian Meteorological Department.The cool winds continued to hit the city even on Monday, which may be the reason behind the dip in temperatures. Northerly winds are currently flowing in the city with a velocity of 15-20 knots.\"Northerly winds are still at play, which has made the temperatures drop in the city. Moreover, there is hardly any cloud cover, so hardly any humidity in the atmosphere. This may be a reason why the temperatures dipped,\" he said.\"Mumbai is a coastal area, because of which, the weather of the northern regions doesn't affect the city much.\"Colaba recorded a maximum temperature of 28.2 degree Celsius and Santa Cruz recorded 30.5 degree Celsius on Monday. The evening relative humidity was 62% and 45% in Colaba and Santa Cruz respectively. There is an upper air cyclonic circulation over south-east Arabian Sea, and a trough from this system extends to Gujarat and Konkan coasts-including Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11343575", "title": "Cyber crime climbs up", "text": "COIMBATORE: Frustrated by unrequited love, Pradeep Kumar often called the husband of the woman he loved and verbally abused him, until one fateful night last August, cyber police officials arrested him at his apartment in Vytilla near Kochi. A senior executive of a ceramics company based in Dubai , Pradeep Kumar, hailing from Trichy, was about to leave the country via Nedumbassery Airport when the arrest took place.A troubled man, Pradeep often consumed alcohol and fought with his wife. High on emotions, he would then call the man who enjoyed the affections of the woman he fancied and attack him with a barrage of vulgarities. Unable to bear this abuse, the couple eventually approached the cyber police. When the police took Pradeep to Coimbatore, they realized he was unaware of the cyber laws and its clauses which severely punish those talking abuses over phone. After spending 10 days in judicial custody at Coimbatore Central Prison, he is now out on bail, although the case is still on.\"Ignorance about the law is one of the major reasons behind the growing rate of cyber crimes. Though most culprits are well-educated and from affluent families, they are often unaware of what constitutes a cyber crime and what the consequences are,\" says M Selvarajan, assistant commissioner of police, who deals with cyber crimes.Though police conduct regular awareness drives about the gravity of cyber crimes, online criminal activities are increasing at an alarming rate. City police have registered 151 cases of obscene mails sent, threat calls and hacking while there were only 63 such cases in the previous year. The number of obscene SMS sent this year is 389, a substantial increase from the 243 registered last year.In most such cases, we were able to arrest the culprits without delay. We trapped them by tracking their mobile phones and computers. Compared to other crimes, it would be very difficult to escape the net for cyber crimes. Police are highly trained in cyber laws and have sophisticated cyber equipment, so it will be difficult to escape detection,\" says Hema Karunakaran, deputy commissioner of police.As far as cyber police officials are concerned, financial frauds involving foreign nationals remain a tough task to deal with as they operate from locations that may not be within police and legal jurisdiction. I have learned never to trust people promising huge sums of money online. No one should fall victim to cyber crimes,\" says R Banu, a teacher at a private school in Coimbatore. As educated as she is, she says she fell victim to greed and believed that she had actually won $75,00,000 and thus paid the fraudsters the Rs 5.5 lakh they demanded as service charge. \"Don't ever believe mails promising you monetary benefits,'' says Hema.A large number of cyber crimes are being committed by jilted lovers, who wish to seek revenge on their estranged partner. In such cases, the victim often remains silent. With more cases in the open now, victims are more willing to file a complaint,\" says Selvarajan. As the police are fast catching the perpetrators, public are now getting ready more and more to file complaints. That is a positive outcome,'' says Selvarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11344593", "title": "3 final year engineering students on picnic drown at Zilpi lake", "text": "NAGPUR: Three engineering students drowned at the Zilpi lake near Mohgaon village a few kilometres beyond Hingna on Monday afternoon while on a picnic with college mates.Being the last year of college, the entire class of final year IT engineering branch had planned the New Year picnic on Monday. However, it ended in tragedy as the group of students watched Dhiren Bhatt, Abhishek Kapde and Anshul Pathak, all 21-year-old, drown at Zilpi Lake, approximately 35 kilometres from the city.\"All three were good swimmers and sports lovers. Bhatt had even won trophies in school and college,\" said students. Bhatt hails from Jammu &amp; Kashmir while Kapde and Pathak are natives of Chandrapur and Jabalpur respectively. \"They were staying at rented rooms in the city,\" said one of the students. The bodies of Bhatt and Pathak have been fished out while Kapde's body is yet to be traced.The other students claimed the fire department reached five hours after being informed. The students said they had informed the fire brigade within minutes of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11345659", "title": "Boyfriend arrested in Sabina death case", "text": "MARGAO: Maina Curtorim police on Monday night arrested Roy Fernandes, 20, in connection with the \"mysterious\" death of Sabina Hilario, 19, of Curtorim on Sunday.Fernandes, also a Curtorim resident and known to be the boyfriend of the deceased Sabina, was booked under Section 304-A (causing death by negligence), IPC. Earlier, tension prevailed at the Hospicio hospital, Margao, late Monday evening after villagers from Curtorim descended there, demanding a second autopsy into the death of Sabina who died under mysterious circumstances on Sunday.The autopsy failed to throw any light on the cause of death as the surgeon reserved his opinion over it pending chemical analysis of the viscera and histo-pathological examination of the tissues. Not satisfied with the report, the family of the deceased refused to claim the body.They also took strong exception to the \"inappropriate behavior\" of a cop at the hospital earlier and demanded that he be summoned forthwith. PI Nilesh Rane and Curtorim MLA Aleixo Lourenco reasoned with the agitators to claim the body after demanding a second autopsy by a panel of doctors, but to no avail.Sabina had gone to a new year's party held in the open space in front of Roy's house on the night of December 31, some 1.5 km away from her residence. Police said that the couple attended mass at St Alex Church, Curtorim, before proceeding to the party at around 1.30am. The party ended at 6.30am, by which time all went to bed at Roy's house.Police said that between 8.15am and 11.15am on January 1, Sabina vomited on four occasions. By 12pm, she complained of chest pain and was rushed to Hospicio by 108 ambulance at 1pm, but was declared 'brought dead'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11351088", "title": "More you move, more you burn: Amit Tandon", "text": "Actor Amit Tandon shares his fitness mantra .My exercise regime Exercise and fitness training has been a big part of my life since childhood. I started off with sports such as basketball, American football , amateur boxing and wrestling. Now keep fit by doing cardio and martial arts along with boxing. I love weight training and train with heavy weights to push my muscle growth to new limits.My diet Being a hardcore and true blood Punjabi, food is in my blood and sadly I don't just have one sweet tooth but all sweet teeth! But as they say, you are what you eat, so I control my diet with complex carbs and a high protein intake. I try and restrict my carb intake post 6 pm and usually take a protein shake two hours prior to bedtime. Whenever I do cheat though, I make sure to workout harder in the gym to burn it off.  My problem areas I don't have as such any problem areas but due to my desire for sweet things in life, if my cardio is not up to the mark I put on lots of weight. So I keep cardio high to keep myself lean.My strengths When people look me in the gym, it's my ability to lift heavy weights, which usually gets noticed. Along with that I have a hard work ethic and a never-give-up mentality. Just when I feel like I should stop, I push myself to do a little bit more.My fitness idol My role models are anyone who push themselves to new fitness limits without the use of anabolic steroids. Anyone who lives fitness as a lifestyle is a role model for me. When I see that 55-60 year-old-men in the gym still lifting weights and pushing themselves to new limits, they automatically becomes my role model.My fav celeb body - male Salman Khan has been fit for over 20 years in the industry and most of us began lifting weights after seeing his physique. He is one of my favourites only because of his ability to do it for so long!My fav celeb body - female I believe a woman with curves is most beautiful to look at and size zero women just don't cut it. So, if I were to pick one celeb body, it would be Kim Kardashian even though my wife will kill me for saying that!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11346930", "title": "Olive Ridleys make annual visit", "text": "CHENNAI: It is the nesting season for Chennai's most important guests - Olive Ridley turtles .Listed as an endangered species under Schedule 1 of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, Olive Ridleys (Lepidochelys olivacea ) make their annual journey between January and April to the city .On Monday , volunteers of Student Sea Turtle Conservation Network began scouting the stretches of beaches between Neelankarai and Urur Kuppam , and between Srinivasapuram and Napiers' Bridge . \"The aim is to look for turtle nests along the coast and relocate them in a safer location ,\" said Harish , a volunteer with SSTCN .Each female turtle , in a single clutch, usually lays 80-120 eggs that takes around 45 to 60 days to hatch . \"Once the eggs hatch , we release them back into the sea ,\" said another volunteer R Aravind .With the plan for the elevated expressway along the coast being scrapped , environmentalists are upbeat . \"We found 183 nests in the 15km stretch between Napiers' Bridge and Neelankarai . The last time we hit the three-digit mark was in 2000. We hope this season is equally good ,\" said another member of SSTCN , V Arun .Environmentalists say Olive Ridleys face a lot of threats along the city's coast and in the sea . \"Many of them get caught in nets and get injured . As a result they drown and die,\" said Arun .Apart from that , turtle nests are at a great risk on Chennai's hostile coast . \"The nests are prone to poaching by dogs and fishermen . Even if they hatch , the turtles walk towards the brighter horizon by instinct ,\" said Arun . In the city , it is almost always street lights and houses. \"As a result , they walk in the opposite direction and either get eaten by dogs or get dehydrated and die,\" he said .Considering the impact of bright lights , the forest department agreed to switch off the six mast lights between Neelankarai and Adyar estuary in 2010. \"In 2011, a government order was passed to make sure the light were off between 11pm and 5am during the season from January to April ,\" said Akila Balu of SSTCN .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11346277", "title": "Ex-RLD state chief Ram Asrey dies after illness", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former RLD state president Ram Asrey Verma died after an illness in Lucknow on Monday. Verma, who was also party's national general secretary, was being treated at the Sanjay Gandhi Post-Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences ( SGPGIMS). RLD chief Ajit Singh expressed his grief over the demise of Verma. In Lucknow, party workers assembled at the party office and expressed their grief. Verma will be cremated at Mehndi Ghat in Hardoi on Tuesday.Raising Day: The 65th Raising Day of 11 Gorkha Rifles Regimental Centre (11 GRRC) was celebrated with enthusiasm and fanfare in Cantonment here. The celebrations began in the morning with the hoisting of regimental flag by colonel M A Siddiqui, officiating commandant, 11 Gorkha Rifles Regimental Centre. This was followed by a wreath-laying ceremony to pay homage to the martyrs at 11 GRRC War Memorial. Earlier, at the regimental temple, prayers were offered for the wellbeing of regiment's personnel and their families.Team from J&K; at AMC Centre: Operation Sadbhavana team from Jammu and Kashmir which is on a two-day visit to Lucknow called on major general M S Bedi, deputy commandant, AMC Centre and College, in Cantonment here on Monday. During the course of interaction, the team apprised the deputy commandant of various developmental initiatives that have been going on under the Operation Sadbhavana with the intention of integrating the people, especially of remote and underdeveloped areas of Jammu and Kashmir, into the mainstream of the nation and instilling in them a sense of national pride and wellbeing.Laurels for RML varsity's V-C: The general assembly of Asian Society of Criminological Society, Macau (China), at its meeting held on December 18 elected Balraj Chauhan, vice-chancellor of Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University, Lucknow, as a member of the executive board of society for his contributions in the field of criminology and criminal justice.Newspaper Hawkers' function: Newspaper Hawkers' Kalyan Samiti will organise the annual function of its Chowk depot on January 5. The Chowk depot was opened on January 5, 2009.Vaikunt Ekadasi celebrations: The management committee of Sri Venkateswara Temple will celebrate 'Vaikunt Ekadasi' on January 5 with the chanting of Sri Vishnu Sahasranamam followed by Govinda Namavali, a procession of 'utsava murthy', 'mahaarti' and 'prasad' distribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11349223", "title": "Eva Longoria\u2019s health suffered after split from husband", "text": "Eva Longoria has revealed that it was the gym and her tough trainer that helped her get over the anguish of her failed marriage with basketball star Tony Parker.The Desperate Housewives star says that the sheer stress of the break-up in 2010, left her at her weakest and unhealthiest and that while her family, friends and fans kept telling her she looked great, inside she felt like she was wasting away.\"I was so thin and skinny, and everyone kept saying how great I looked. It was probably the most unhealthy place I've ever been. In my worst time, people were saying I've never looked better,\" admitetd Longoria.However, the petite actress has now bounced back from her bleakest days and follows a healthy diet. \"I have a great diet and exercise routine. I like weightraining and abs but hate the elliptical! I also despise cardio - I just can't do it.So I try to do my cardio within the workout,\" added Longoria. Since splitting with Tony Parker , the actress has found love in the arms of Eduardo Cruz, the younger brother of actress Penelope Cruz , saying she feels lucky to have him while also revealing that she still believes in love, even after Parker cheated on her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11348623", "title": "Lakshmi out, Nikitha in", "text": "Director Suraaj has opted for the Kannada actress over the Mollywood one for Karthi's next filmThe star cast of Karthi's yet-to-betitled venture directed by Suraaj is finally out. Right from the beginning, there some confusion regarding who was playing the role of a village belle in the film, which has Karthi and Anushka Shetty in the lead. While Nikitha Thukral (of Saroja fame) claimed that she was playing the part, Lakshmi Rai also told everyone that she was doing the role.Now, Suraaj has finally revealed who he has cast in the role. \"First, let me make it clear that Anushka is the only heroine in the film. But there are three more important characters for which Nikitha, Meghna and Sanusha have been confirmed. Nikitha will play the role of the village belle and we will start shooting her portions from January 22,\" says Suraaj.But was Lakshmi Rai approached for the character? \"Yes, we did speak to her, but her dates didn't work out. Hence, we are going with Nikitha.\" In the meantime, Nikitha added, \"I am shooting for the Kannada film Sangoli Rayanna at the moment and will start shooting for my Tamil film by the end of this month. The issue has been sorted out and I have already received the advance for the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11346676", "title": "Denial of tickets to hopefuls leads to a spate of rebellions in SAD", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Senior leaders in the Akali Dal, who have taken the lead in releasing names of people given the party tickets, are busy doing a balancing act, tackling ticket hopefuls after they rebelled on not getting a chance to contest this assembly election. Though the party has not released names of its candidates for the most controversial constituencies yet, rebellion within the party is seeing an outburst of independent meetings of disappointed contenders across the state.The latest casualty, Didar Singh Bhatti, SAD MLA from Fatehgarh Sahib, resigned from the party's primary membership, hours after the party ticket was announced to have been given to senior party leader Prem Singh Chandumajra on Sunday.In Amloh constituency, things are no different, as the party workers have got together to protest against the allotment of the ticket to district president Jagdeep Singh Cheema. In clear violation of the party president Sukhbir Singh Badal's diktat saying that nobody will oppose the party's decision on ticket allotments, rebel party workers got together, slammed the president for being 'biased' and decided to back Rajinder Kumar Titu, vice-president, municipal council, for grant of ticket.In Bassi Pathana, Satwinder Kaur Dhaliwal, lodged a protest for ignoring her 'superior claim' over the party ticket after it was given to Nirmal Singh.Akali leaders who have lost out in the race for tickets have started revolting in Amargarh, Dhuri and the newly carved constituency of Mehal Kalan. Sitting MLA from Dhuri, Iqbal Singh Jhunda will contest from Amargarh, while former ministers Gobind Singh Longowal and Gobind Singh Kanjhla will be fielded from Dhuri and Mehal Kalan respectively.This has led to discontent among workers with the party's organisation secretary Jaswant Singh Gajjanmajra protesting over Junda getting a ticket from Amargarh, while SAD vice-president Rajinder Singh Kanjhla is against allotment of the ticket to Longowal from Dhuri. In Mehal Kalan, zila parishad chairman Gurtej Singh has opposed Kanjhla getting the ticket.Akali leader Gurpartap Singh Tikka has also decided to contest as an Independent from Amritsar (South). Another Badal, Bubby Badal is in a rebellious mood over the party giving the ticket to Balwant Singh Ramoowalia from Mohali.Earlier this week, SAD had expelled Balwinder Bains, who had earlier been given the party ticket, and his brother Simarjit Bains from the party. Simarjit was expelled following his decision to contest as an independent from Atam Nagar against cabinet minister Hira Singh Gabria, after he was denied the party ticket. Already, the party has suffered a setback with veteran leader from Bathinda, Chiranji Lal Garg joining hands with the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11346612", "title": "Thane candidates woo voters with trips to Goa and Shirdi", "text": "THANE: The lure of a free inverter, a paid-for vacation to Goa or complimentary stocks of sugar packets, fruits and other grocery items are a few of the sops on offer by prospective candidates in the run-up to the civic polls.The sky seems to be the limit as according to political activists, individual poll expenses will be close to Rs 50 lakh on the lower side. With a total of 130 seats spread out in Thane, Kalwa and Mumbra townships, the February polls to the Thane municipal corporation could be one of the costliest ever with politicians estimating that the total unofficial poll costs could cross Rs 100 crore.Campaigning for the polls in Thane has started on an aggressive note, with first-time ticket-seekers and veterans vying with other to attract voters, pegged at around 11 lakh. A sitting corporator from an opposition party is believed to have distributed 200 inverter sets to his voters to deal with the frequent power-cuts in the city. Another aspirant wooed female voters by 5 kg bags of sugar to each household in his ward. Saris and utensils are seen as add-ons.As per the law doling out freebies amounts to bribing the voters and effectively paying for votes. Legally a candidate contesting the corporation elections is allowed to spend up to Rs 10 lakh for pollrelated expenses after the code of conduct comes into force. However, contestants start splurging six to three months in advance showering candidates with gifts and money.They also fund regular \"drinking and biryani sessions\" for voters.Another local politician sponsors pilgrimages to Shirdo organizing luxury buses and packed lunches for potential voters. TOI learnt that 60 buses carrying more than 3,000 people from the Wagle Estate area drove to Shirdi on New Year's Eve, courtesy the aspiring candidate.Citizen activist Dr Mahesh Bedekar-and he's not the only one-said that it would be unjust to blame politicians for the rising corruption, and that citizens, too, are equally responsible by accepting the 'gifts'. \"There seems to be a moral deterioration among voters. Unfortunately, these are the same people who accept doles from politicians and then participate in debates and protests against corruption,\" said. BedekarAnother activist from Mumbra said in the previous elections to the TMC, one of the candidates distributed 3,000 mobile handsets to his voters in a last-minute gesture to win votes. The candidate, he said, won the poll by a small margin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11346015", "title": "Water shortage looms large", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The dip in water table in the district along with increasing salinity and sea water intrusion is likely to pose a serious threat to life in city. The issue came to fore in a study presented by scientists of the Centre for Water Resources Development and Management (CWRDM), Kozhikode.The scientists -- Dineshan V P, Joseph N K and Rajagopalan S P -- came to this conclusion based on the data, both primary and secondary, collected from the field.The study found that the net water supply by the Kerala Water Authority in the corporation area is about 55 million litres a day (mld) against a demand for 109 mld.The shortage in supply has led the residents to depend on groundwater, which is fast depleting. The over exploitation of groundwater has led to the intrusion of seawater and increased the salinity. The study predicted that by 2020 the seawater would seep at least 395 meters into the coastal areas.The scientists also studied the extent and pattern of groundwater utilization in the area through survey on wells used. For this they studied Malaparamba region, a midland area of 1.82 sq km, and Kozhikode Silk Street, a coastal plain, with an area of 1.15 sq km.The scientists also suggested controlled development of groundwater in coastal areas by adopting artificial recharge methods.The CWRDM study found that the net water supply by the Kerala Water Authority in the corporation area is about 55 million litres a day (mld) against a demand for 109 mld.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11348100", "title": "Infosys beefs up immigration team in US", "text": "BANGALORE: Over the last few months IT major Infosys Technologies has been strengthening its legal services team in the US by appointing immigration experts at its Texas office. This comes ahead of a trial Infosys faces on August 20 this year at an Alabama court over an alleged visa fraud case filed by whistle-blower Jay Palmer, an Infosys employee, in February last year.According to posts on LinkedIn, Infosys appointed Erin Green as its global immigration lead to work with the legal and HR teams to ensure 100% US immigration compliance.In August, Liz Jordan was appointed as senior associate lead for immigration at Infosys. She previously worked as an immigration paralegal at US-based corporate immigration law firm Fragomen, Del, Bernsen and Loewey. Two other recent appointments are Laurie Hawkins, appointed as practice lead of immigration and was previously the director of HR and immigration services at Velie Law firm, and Nirala Maharaj, appointed as associate lead of global immigration and was previously paralegal at Weiss, Alden and Polo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11343835", "title": "\u2018Free housing for slumdwellers till 2000\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: What was earlier conditional is now being made a fait accompli. All those residing in slums up to 2000 can look forward to free housing.On Monday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced at Mantralaya that an anomaly in the Slum Rehabilitation Act (SRA) vis-a-vis the occupiers in pre-1995 slum structures was being sought to be corrected.Anyone who moved into a pre-'95 shanty after January 1, 1995-the cut-off for the free rehabilitation scheme-will be eligible for a house by paying a nominal transfer fee. This fee is being seen as the \"means\" to fulfi the Congress's promise to provide free housing to all slum-dwellers up to 2000.Under the SRA, if a shanty is built before the cut-off date and a person moves into a slum before the same, both are protected. But those who started staying in pre-'95 slums after the cut-off date are not eligible for free housing. But under the DCR, the occupier of a rented property gets free housing when the building is redeveloped.The officials are looking to correct this SRA aberration by charging the tenants a transfer fee. But a condition is that this fee will be applicable only for Dharavi and slums on airport land where both the structures and residents came after 2000.Declaring 2000 as the cut-off year was first done for work under the MUIP. It was extended to the Mithi river project and later to Dharavi as well as the airport. But before the 2009 assembly polls, the DF government announced that all slum-dwellers up to 2000 would be eligible for free housing depending on SC directions. The court has accepted Dharavi and the airport as \"vital projects\" and so, the special cut-off.\"But Dharavi is just another slum redevelopment project. It is clearly a route to ensure that the Congress can implement its election promise of 2000 cut-off date in all slums,\" said a source.MRCC president Kripashankar Singh said the 2000 cut-off date was the Congress's commitment. \"The transfer fee will be nominal and the post-'95 condition will be applicable only to projects where the letter of intent had been issued but the construction was yet to start,\" he said. As for the 2000 cut-off, Singh said it would be done after the civic polls. \"We have also discussed it with Sonia Gandhi ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11349981", "title": "AMC fails to reserve seats for OBC, SC/ST", "text": "Allahabad: The Allahabad municipal corporation had adopted a callous attitude while reserving the wards of the city for other backward classes (OBCs) and SC/ST candidates in accordance with the constitutional provisions made in 2006.Raising the issue, Sadiabad corporator Rajiv Arya said that AMC authorities have whimsically reserved the wards without adhering to the constitutional provisions. He has also written to the divisional commissioner regarding the issue.There is provision of reservation for OBC wards according to sub-section (2) of section 7 of Uttar Pradesh Municipal Corporation (Reservation and Allotment of Seats) Rules, 1994. The number of wards that would be reserved for the OBCs in any municipal corporation would be equal to 27 per cent total wards of that civic body.Had AMC reserved wards in accordance with the constitutional provisions, then 22 seats would have been reserved for OBCs. However, the reality is that only 16 seats have been reserved for this section. Among the reserved seats, 10 were reserved for men and six for women candidates.Similarly, wards for the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe candidates have also not been reserved in due proportions. About 10 wards have been reserved for the SC and STs. Among these, four seats have been reserved for women candidates and six for men.Another corporator Uttam Kumar has raised the issue. He said that the neglected sections of the society have not been represented during the last elections in 2006. Kumar demanded that steps should be taken for reservation of wards in accordance with the constitutional provisions.Municipal commissioner Ashok Kumar said that reservation would be done in accordance with the constitutional provisions. Representations would be given to the OBCs, scheduled castes and tribe candidates in the next civic elections.Municipal commissioner Ashok Kumar said that reservation would be done in accordance with the constitutional provisions. Representations would be given to the OBCs, SC and ST candidates in the next civic elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11344884", "title": "BJP should draft a model Lokpal bill: Ramdas", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajya Sabha member and senior BJP leader from the state Ramdas Agarwal on Monday said that he would take up the matter of forming a model draft of Lokpal Bill with the senior members of his party. Interacting with the media, he said that this was an opportunity for the party to draft a bill on Lokpal which is acceptable to all and seek votes on the draft.\"The draft presented in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha has been debated upon and left several unhappy. The BJP has been advocating a strong Lokpal for long, now it can itself come up with a draft, which has unanimous support from all sections,'' said Agarwal.The party should give an assurance to people that it will present the draft and get it cleared if it comes to power. He added that similarly he will discuss it with his party to assure the voters to take up the matter of black money deposited in foreign banks before 2010, unlike the UPA which has said that nothing can be done on that.\"I will discuss it with those I need to and tell them that the issues of black money and stronger Lokpal bill draft are addressed. The way the UPA government failed to get the required number of votes for the bill is a reflection of how helpless and weak the government is,'' said the senior BJP leader, adding that the UPA government has lost its credibility and has turned weak, which definitely is not good for the country.He said that though the UPA government would want to remain in power for the remaining period, mid-term polls cannot be ruled out if the government fails to get a finance bill cleared in the forthcoming budget session.Reacting to queries related to the ongoing debate on party leadership in the state, he said it has been mentioned on several occasions that the next elections would be contested under the leadership of former chief minister Vasundhara Raje.\"With a former chief minister present in the picture, it is only natural that attempts be made to re-establish him or her. It was the same when Bhairon Singh Shekhawat and Ashok Gehlot were chief ministers,'' he said. Though he said that the debate was unnecessary, he said that who will be next chief minister might be discussed when the party is in a position to form the government.\"It is usually the legislative party's prerogative to decide its leader,'' he added, denying charges that the party was a weak opposition.He said that a few recent controversies in the state, mainly the Bhanwari Devi case was shameful. \"It is against the tradition of this state. People in powerful positions should be careful of not disgracing the pride and honour of the state,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11344484", "title": "Cops can't nab ATM thieves despite footage", "text": "PANCHKULA: The rising number of ATM thefts and bank frauds have stumped Panchkula police. Even the clear CCTV camera footage doesn't appear to have helped them track the perpetrators of these criminal acts. It's customers who are unfamiliar with the bank procedure as well as using ATM who are sitting ducks for miscreants on the prowl.There are numerous cases in Panchkula where victims were duped by people who offered to help them withdraw cash but then fled with the money. So much so there was a case in which a criminal had posed himself to be a bank official.In all the cases which have been reported, CCTV footage clearly showed the image of the accused, but the cops were unable to nab the accused. \"Our investigations are on,\" is the standard reply of every police official under whose jurisdiction a particular case falls. Most of the cases have occurred under the jurisdiction of Sector 5 police station. \"Now, people will stop trusting honest people,\" said Vikas Chopra, a resident of Sector 9, Panchkula.\"When everyone knows the efficiency of the police, it's better to take safety measures yourself. Banks and ATM machines are places where the risk of miscreants striking is the highest. So, one should not trust anyone,\" said Binny Sharma, a resident of Sector 12. She added, \" Even banks don't behave responsibly. Some don't even have security guards outside.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11345130", "title": "Youths in net for stealing luxury cars", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two former students of prominent city schools were arrested on Ignou Road in south Delhi on New Year's Eve for stealing luxury cars to live in style and impress their multiple girlfriends.The duo - identified as Akshay (19) and Nitin (21) from upper middle class families in south Delhi - stole only costly cars and moved around in them across the city after fixing beacons on the vehicles so that cops don't stop them. Police have recovered eight luxury cars - seven Honda Citys - from them. Akshay is pursuing his BCom from Delhi University while Nitin is a LLB student at IMT Rohtak (Haryana).During a routine check, \"they were asked to produce the documents. On verification through auto-match system, the car was found to be stolen from Malviya Nagar,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma. The auto-match system is a SMS service in which if a car's registration and chasis numbers are entered, it shows if the vehicle has been stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
{"city": "guwahati/jorhat", "code": "11348023", "title": "Anti-dam stir likely to hit Arunachal", "text": "GUWAHATI/JORHAT: With solution to the anti-dam movement looking bleak, Assam is staring at a protracted stir in the days ahead which would cause much inconvenience to the common people in Arunachal Pradesh and further delay construction of the 2000-MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project at Gerukamukh along the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border.On Monday, the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS)-led stir against the Lower Subansiri project resumed as the last two days of suspension of its agitation failed to break ice with the state government. While Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuva Chatra Parishad, All Assam Tai Ahom Students Union, Takam Mising Porin Kebang and All Assam Minority Students' Union have joined with KMSS in the road blockade stir in the Ghagar area of Lakhimpur district, the All Assam Students Union (AASU) and 26 other organisation have extended the agitation at Gogamukh in Dhemaji district for three days from Monday.Aasu activists have also fanned out in districts like Bongaigaon, Goalpara, Barpeta, Nalbari, Kamrup (rural), Darrang, Sonitpur and Nagaon to stop the movement of trucks carrying construction materials for the project. KMSS said the resumption of its stir from Monday was an indefinite one as the government did not respond to the two-day suspension for holding dialogue on Lower Subansiri project.\"The state government had earlier told that dialogue could not be held when an agitation is on. So, we called off our stir for two days. But we were not invited for any talks. It shows the government is non-committal to finding a solution,|\" said KMSS's assistant general secretary Bedanta Laskar.Laskar has threatened that if the present phase of stir doesn't yield the desired resultys, the KMSS and other organisations might go for an economic blockade against Arunachal Pradesh. In the last phase of the stir, the neighbouring state suffered from crisis of essentials due to road blockade.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Sunday, however, was apparently not impressed by the two-day suspension of the stir for initiating dialogue with the protesters. Gogoi categorically said withdrawal of demonstration for a couple of days does not show the sincerity for holding talks. At the same time, he kept the door open reiterating that a group of ministers would meet soon to initiate the process of dialogue with the demonstrators.Aasu general secretary Tapan Kumar Gogoi said 26 organizations representing various ethnic groups will meet here on Wednesday to chalk out the future course of action. The students' body has also said it was ready to talk with the government. With protests showing no sign of relenting, NHPC officials are concerned not only about the depleting stock of fuel and essential commodities, but also delay in completion of the project.\"The date of completion was changed from 2012 to 2014 because of the delay. But the uninterrupted protest may compel us to reset the date of completion,\" said an NHPC official said.\"At a time when the project is being opposed vehemently, Assam government holding dialogue with the demonstrators would not be fruitful. Both Assam and Arunachal Pradesh governments should talk to each other on the issue,\" said an observer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-03"}
