{"city": "patna", "code": "11371244", "title": "Phase-wise agitation for salary hike", "text": "PATNA: The employees of the dissolved Bihar Intermediate Education Council, under the banner of the Bihar Intermediate Education Council Employees Association (BIECEA), have decided to lodge a series of protests to seek implementation of the recommendations of the sixth pay commission.The president of the association, Sanjay Kumar Singh, said the members will sport black ribbons to mark their protest on January 9 at the office premises.\"On January 11, we will organize a pen down strike. On January 13, we will go on a mass casual leave. As a part of the agitation, we will also organize a dharna on January 17,\" Singh said.On September 13, 2011, the Bihar cabinet had granted approval for adjustment of council employees with the Bihar School Examination Board. It has been over four months but no significant headway has been made so far, Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369707", "title": "HUDA vows to make city clean, green", "text": "GURGAON: In its drive to make Gurgaon a cleaner and greener city, the HUDA, has lined up many plans. The civc agency is to introduce e-sampark kiosks in different zones for bill payments, information counters and many more facilities. The department has also introduced door-to-door garbage collection in the HUDA sectors starting with Sector 14 and 22 for which nine new garbage collection vehicles have been introduced.As an initiative for a cleaner city, a new variety of garbage bags is being introduced for the city. It has been planned to bring about some major changes in the city as well as the functioning of the department to make life easier for the common man.In a meeting chaired by the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , it was mentioned that the concept of the new garbage bags would change the city's level of hygiene. These bags are high-quality plastic bags which wouldn't tear easily and could be used a number of times.\"I have seen the model of the bags and it is functioning successfully elsewhere. An open iron cage-like structure would be created in which these bags would be hanged. The iron cage would be high enough to prevent stray animals hopping into it. The bag would be hanged with it top open onto the iron structure with the rope which would make it easier for the garbage collector to carry it. These garbage bags would be placed in the markets, green belts, roadsides, parks and other locations,\" said the administrator.Talking about the e-sampark facility, he said the kiosks would be set up in different localities and would have facilities like bill payments, information counter and many other facilities. An e-sampark kiosk is being planned in every sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371475", "title": "BJP to work for welfare of EBC groups", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Wednesday called on state BJP leaders and people to participate in the birth anniversary celebration of former CM Karpoori Thakur, who belonged to the extremely backward caste (EBC) social group.Stating that the state had 115 EBC groups, Modi also said that the BJP took special care to ensure that people of this section got adequate benefits and did not remain deprived of the fruits of developmental process.He referred to the grant of reservation benefits to people of the EBC groups in the panchayat elections, as a result of which thousands of them became elected mukhiyas of various panchayats in the state.Modi also pointed out the measures taken by the government, like construction of hostels for students, Rs 10,000 to each girl student who clears matriculation examinations in first division, payment of scholarships to students, to make them join developmental process and also become a beneficiary of it.He insisted that the BJP was committed to fulfill developmental aspirations of the people of EBC groups.He, accordingly, appealed to the party leaders and people of the state to participate in the birth anniversary celebration of Thakur being organized by the state BJP at Shri Krishna Memorial Hall on January 24.Modi was addressing a meeting of the party's state Atipichhda Manch held at the party state headquarters. State BJP chief Dr C P Thakur also addressed them. Among those present on the occasion were state general secretary (organization) Nagendraji and general secretary Mangal Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11372361", "title": "Eight bodies call off anti-dam stir for now", "text": "GUWAHATI: A day after the state government decided to hold talks with anti-dam activists, eight organizations have partially lifted their agitation against the 2000-MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project on Wednesday.The organizations are Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuva Chatra Parishad (AJYCP), Takam Mising Porin Kebang (TMPK), All Assam Tai Ahom Students' Union (AATASU), All Deuri Students' Union (ADSU), All Assam Minority Students' Union (AAMSU), Sonowal Kachari Jatiya Parishad (SKJP) and People's Movement for Subansiri and Brahmaputra Valleys (PMSBV).They said total lifting of the agitation would be possible only after a \"favourable\" outcome of the discussion with the government on Thursday.\"Our activists lifted the blockade on NH-52 in response to government's decision to hold talks with us. But we have not allowed construction materials to reach the project site at Gerukamukh. We will call off our agitation fully only after a favourable outcome of talks with the government,\" said KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi.He added that two vigilance groups were still deployed at Ghagor in Lakhimpur and Gogamukh in Dhemaji district to prevent trucks from carrying construction materials to the project site. On the other hand, the All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) and 26 other organizations representing various ethnic groups, have temporarily called off their stir against the project at Gogamukh in response to the state government's dialogue.\"We have temporarily lifted our agitation at Gogamukh. Aasu and 26 other organizations are meeting in Guwahati on Wednesday. We will decide our next course of action after Thursday's discussion with the government,\" said Aasu leader Tularam Gogoi.The eight organizations also held a meeting in Lakhimpur where it was decided to place united views before the government during discussions on Thursday. During the meeting, issues like seismic vulnerability of the Lower Subansiri project, its geological structure, threat to bio-diversity due to large dams in Arunachal Pradesh and Assam's rights over inter-state rivers were also discussed.\"Though the government has decided to hold talks with all these organizations separately, we will place a united view on dams and their threat to the people of Assam,\" said Akhil.Works on NHPC's Lower Subansiri project was severely affected following a long spell of agitation that started in November last year. From December 16 last year, the eight organizations had imposed an indefinite road blockade on NH-52. Aasu and the other organizations were also agitating from December last year.On the other hand, prominent conservation NGOs - Aaranyak, Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment (ATREE), EcoSystems-India, WWF-India and Dolphin Foundation - have welcomed the Assam government's decision to hold discussions with organisations opposing the Lower Subansiri project. \"We also welcome the positive attitude of the agitating groups shown in acceptance of the government's offer for talks. As environmental organizations promoting conservation of eco-systems and bio-diversity, we have actively engaged in the debate on large dams for the past decade,\" said Aaranyak secretary general Bibhab Talukdar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370684", "title": "Register case against actor for not repaying loan: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras HC has directed the KK Nagar police to register a criminal case against actor, D Bhuvaneswari, and file chargesheet, if needed, within six weeks. The matter relates to a complaint by an interior decorator that she had borrowed Rs 1.5 crore from him and had been refusing to repay the sum.Justice T Mathivanan, disposing of a petition filed by R Gurunathan of KK Nagar on Wednesday, said : \"The police are directed to register a case based on the complaint dated August 29, 2011 and if any prima facie case is made out during the course of theinvestigation, a reportwillbesubmitted to the judicial magistrate concernedwithin six weeks.\"In his complaint, Gurunathan saidthat after being introduced to the actor by a friend, he had given her Rs 1.5 crore as loan. Though she had sought the money for producing a tele-serial, no such venture was made, forcing him to demand return of the money.He said that attempts to contact her and recover the money failed. Gurunathan said that Bhuvaneshwari had joined a political party as its secretary and that the party was a poll ally of the AIADMK. Charging her with threatening him, Gurunathan said the probe into the transaction too ran into obstacles due to her political connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11368842", "title": "Times Quiz 2012 sees huge participation", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 1000 students from 42 schools across Coimbatore district took part in Times Quiz 2012, organised by Education Times in association with Kalaignar Institute of Technology (KIT). The competition was watched by a huge crowd comprising students, teachers and academicians.The show started with a preliminary elimination round which was a written test taken by teams of two. The top six teams made it to the final round. The quiz was hosted by Atul Chandra from QuizWorks.The first and second place was secured by the same school, SBOA. Abhijith D and Krishna R SBOA Matriculation School were the winners. Both are computer science students in class 11. The second place was bagged by their batch mates, Atitya Ragul, a class 11 biology student and Surya Narayanan, a class 11 computer science student. A regular at quiz shows, Atitya said that he enjoyed participating in the Times Quiz.Libresh A, a class 9 student of Chandra Matriculation School said, \"I really enjoyed the quiz show. Although I could not get to the finals, I got an audience award\". The quiz master said that in no other show had he distributed so many prizes. There were 400 prizes in all. The librarian of SBOA Matriculation Higher Secondary School, T Sivaram, said that they conduct quizzes on a regular basis. \"Every day we conduct quizzes on current affairs and once a week we quiz students on general knowledge,\" he said. The school also had a quiz club with 30 to 40 members.\"We have been conducting active quiz programmes for around six years. Often, we hear from students that the quizzes were very helpful in pursuing their higher studies,\" said Sivaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369073", "title": "Counsels outsmarted security agencies", "text": "NAGPUR: The Indian Association of People's Lawyers (IAPL) representing alleged Naxal ideologue Arun Thomas Ferreira had left the security agencies with no option but to free the man. After helping Ferreira get acquitted in 10 cases, his counsels got bail for him.The security agencies only kept on slapping cases against Ferreira and others but failed to gather proper evidence to prove their involvement. His lawyers carried out a double-pronged attack by arguing and also helped shape propaganda for justice. They kept highlighting the police's infringement of constitutional rights in media. It was IAPL activists' constant highlighting of repeated preventive actions and re-arrests that got the agencies.Ferreira was rearrested on September 27 last year from the gate of the central jail even though he was acquitted by a court in Chandrapur. He was then slapped with two more cases. Ferreira's lawyers first made a complaint at Dhantoli police station after he was rearrested. Ferreira was acquitted in one of them and granted bail in another last year. But, his lawyers did not hurry in furnishing the bond.On Monday, Ferreira's family furnished personal bond and completed other formalities. On Tuesday, the lawyers filed a writ petition before the High Court citing his rearrest. and malicious prosecution with the jail authorities and security agencies as respondents.This went a long way in keeping the cops from the jail gate from where they had made it a habit to rearrest alleged Naxalites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11369117", "title": "US State dept acknowledges 'goof up' in its India maps", "text": "WASHINGTON: As US State Department today posted a new map of India reflecting its long standing official position on the country's geographical boundaries, its spokesman acknowledged of having made a \"goof up\" in this regard, which had resulted in a strong objection from New Delhi.\"We made a goof and we fixed it and we're now back in compliance with our own cartographical policy,\" State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference as she announced the posting of the new and corrected maps of India on the website of the State Department and its travel related sites.The previous controversial maps, which showed parts of Jammu and Kashmir as part of Pakistan , was removed by the State Department in November after India's strong objection.India maintains that the entire State of Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of the country.\"I'm thrilled and relieved to tell you that we have now put the revised maps up on our website,\" she said.\"What you will see when you look at these maps is that they reflect the fact that the United States takes no position on the dispute and urges all the parties to seek a peaceful resolution to resolving the claims,\" she said.\"What you'll see on the maps is consistent with what the US geographic position has been consistently: that there is a dashed line representing the 1972 Line of Control, reflecting Kashmir's unresolved status,\" Nuland said.\"We neglected to actually label that dotted line in the last round of maps. It has now been labeled. The maps also add our standard disclaimer with regard to Kashmir that says that names and boundary representations are not necessarily authoritative. As I said, that reflects the fact that this is in dispute and the US takes no position on the dispute,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369014", "title": "Chautala son seeks quashing of assets case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ajay Singh Chautala, son of former Haryana chief minister O P Chautala, on Wednesday told the Delhi high court that the charges against him in a disproportionate assets case be quashed as he was not a public servant at the relevant time.Chautala has challenged the special court's order which paved way for his trial in a case for allegedly possessing wealth exceeding his known sources of income. \"I was not a public servant till May 24, 1993, when CBI's alleged check period began. Can a retired government servant be treated as a public servant and prosecuted just because of the fact that he is getting pension?\" the counsel for Chautala told Justice M L Mehta.The court, which did not issue a notice to CBI on the petition, has fixed the matter for hearing on January 17. During the hearing, the lawyer said none of the accused was a public servant at the relevant time considered by CBI while computing their alleged disproportionate assets. The counsel for CBI opposed the plea of Chautala saying the issue has already been settled by the Supreme Court when the Chautalas had challenged the trial court's order taking cognizance of the offence in the case.Earlier, the lower court had framed charges against Chautala under the Prevention of Corruption Act after finding prima facie sufficient material to proceed with his trial. CBI, in its chargesheet, alleged Chautala's assets was found to be 339.27 per cent more than his legal income between May 1993, to May 2006. His legal income during that period was Rs 8.17 crore while he had acquired assets worth Rs 27.7 crore, it had said. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370998", "title": "Sena, BJP await outcome of Congress-NCP talks", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party-Republican Party of India (Athavale) combine is keenly awaiting the outcome of the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party alliance's poll talks. \"They (Congress-NCP ) are deliberately delaying a decision to upstage our plans to announce a list of candidates,\" a senior Sena leader said on Wednesday.The Sena-BJP-RPI combine may release its list on January 11, he added. Key combine leaders will meet in Mumbai this weekend to finalize its list. \"We are going ahead on the presumption that the Congress and NCP will seal a poll pact for the civic elections on February 16,\" a state BJP leader said on Wednesday.According to the Sena-BJPRPI seat-sharing formula, the BJP will contest 66 out of the 228 seats, six less than its 2007 share. The BJP has offered six seats to the RPI. Having accepted a cut of 18 seats in its 2007 share of 156 seats, the Sena will contest 138 seats, leaving 24 seats for the RPI.\"The seat-sharing talks have been smooth. There weren't too many hurdles,\" said the BJP functionary.The BJP's state executive will meet here over the weekend to finalize its strategy for the February 7 zilla parishad (ZP) elections across Maharashtra. Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray held consultations with district unit chiefs at the Sena Bhavan on Wednesday. With the NCP-Congress pulling the rug from under the Sena's feet in the recent municipal council elections, Matoshree is now keen to salvage the party's reputation.Meanwhile, the Sena-BJPRPI combine has demanded that counting of votes for the ZP and municipal corporation elections be held on the same day. Counting of votes for the ZP polls on February 8 may affect voters preparing for the municipal corporation elections, a week later, the combine's leaders told state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan on Wednesday. Satyanarayan, however, rejected the demand, citing shortage of electronic voting machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370112", "title": "CPM, Congress hit out at TMC over farmers' plight", "text": "KOLKATA: Both the Congress and CPM lashed out at the Trinamool Congress-run state government on Wednesday over the plight of the farmers across the state with an eye towards the forthcoming panchayat elections, scheduled more than a year later.CPM had called for an agriculture bandh on Wednesday, while Congress followed it up with a six-hour sit-in demonstration at Metro Channel.Congress MP Deepa Das Munshi demanded a CBI inquiry to find out why peasants are not getting their due, in spite of the Centre announcing a minimum support price for agricultural products. \"For rice they are supposed to get Rs 1,080 per quintal for the basic variety, but in reality they are getting not more than Rs 500. If the government insists its paying its due,Where is the remaining amount going? If the chief minister can order CBI probes into a host of issues, why should this be left out?\" she said.CPM's All-India Krisak Sabha state president Madan Ghosh claimed their state-wide bandh evoked spontaneous response from farmers across the state, alleging the ruling party (read Trinamool)had tried to foment trouble in Sandeshkhali and Bhatar, but couldn't. Ghosh admitted that while a bandh is not a solution to the farmer's plight, they will continue to fight for their rights till they get their due.Ghosh claimed the state government, till now, has only purchased 2 lakh metric tonne of rice against its target of 20 lakh metric tonne from peasants.\"Even those who are selling it are not getting their dues. Some don't have bank accounts and others are being handed over paper chips saying they'll be paid later. The chief minister had promised action against the agents who are responsible for this plight, her minister says the agents needs to be streamlined. Why this double speak? The government has also not renewed crop insurance for only Rs three crore. As a result the farmers are not even insured against these loses,\" he said.Ghosh alleged in the last seven months (that the new government has been in power) 12 famers have committed suicide.Rajya Sabha member and state Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said, \"The government plans to set up 700 cold storage. Is this an immediate solution? Why doesn't the government explore exporting the surplus produce to other states. Let the chief minister write to the Centre, I will also seek their intervention. We will continue to fight for their rights.\"Trinamool Congress is also not taking this onslaught lying low. Party general-secretary Mukul Roy has already convened a meeting with the Trinamool zilla parishad presidents to chalk out a strategy. Trinamool plans a massive Panchyati Sammelan at Netaji Indoor on January 19, where all panchayat members have to attend. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee herself is likely to inform the civic leaders on the steps the government had taken to counter the Opposition attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369272", "title": "Sarojini Nagar parking lot opens again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after the multilevel automated car parking at Sarojini Nagar was shut due to a technical snag, it was made operational on Tuesday evening. NDMC officials said that the parking was shut as DLF, which has been given the contract to operate the parking lot, was carrying out trial runs after fixing the problem.\"The parking lot was closed for three days as we had to test the system before reopening it for the public but it was opened on Tuesday evening,'' said Amit Prasad, NDMC spokesperson.On Friday, shoppers had to wait for nearly one-and-half hours to get their vehicles as the vehicles couldn't be retrieved due to the technical snag. According to DLF officials, the problem occurred due to power failure, but they claimed that operations resumed within 40 minutes. \"The snag was due to power failure. The system, which is designed to automatically switch to power backup in case of power failure, failed as the software malfunctioned,'' said an NDMC official. The Sarojini Nagar multilevel car parking is the first automated car parking in the city with a capacity for nearly 824 cars. The nine-storeyed building has space for shopping complex on the first two floors -- ground and first -- and parking space on the remaining floors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370171", "title": "Hit-and-run incidents on the rise", "text": "PUNE: The city has gained a dubious, and some what shameful, distinction of being one of the five cities in the country that reported the maximum number of hit-and-run cases in 2008.The Union Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has released statistics about hit-and-run cases in 23 major cities of the country for 2008 and 2009. While 350 cases were reported in Pune in 2008, the figures for 2009 are unavailable. In 2008, as many as 477 people died in road accidents. In 2009, the number came down to 394. While 634 persons were seriously injured in 2008, the number came down to 581 in 2009.Mumbai topped the list with 3,340 incidents of hit and run between 2008 and 2009. Bangalore came second with 2,565 cases during the same period.The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways said the government has made road safety an integral part of road design at the planning stage. Besides, road safety audit of select stretches of national highways and expressways is done to minimise accidents. To check increasing number of hit-and- run accidents in major cities, the ministry has established driver training institutes and safety standards of vehicles like - helmets, seat-belt, power stearing and rear-view mirror have been tightened. \"The ministry is also undertaking publicity campaigns on road safety awareness,\" the ministry has said.The statistics reveal there is little variation in the number of cases during the two years. A few exceptions being Mumbai, where the number increased from 1,360 to 1,980, and Kolkata where it went up from 117 to 434. Records of Nagpur city are not available.Senior traffic officials admit that checking incidences of hit-and-run is a concern. Pedestrians are the most likely victims. Officials said that offenders do not always get away, but the fact remains that a majority of hit-and-run cases remain unsolved. Probable causes: lack of witnesses or apt details of offenders' vehicles. If a vehicle registered outside Maharashtra is involved, things get even more difficult. In most incidents, the priority of the traffic personnel is to note down the registration number of the vehicle, the colour and make of the vehicle and immediately pass on the information to their colleagues at the traffic junction ahead, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369546", "title": "HC relief for senior citizen", "text": "NEW DELHI: A daughter-in-law has no right to reside in the house of her mother-in-law if the husband is alive and lives separately, Delhi high court has said.Coming to the rescue of a 78-year-old woman being harassed by her daughter-in-law, Justice Valmiki J Mehta dismissed the suit filed by the daughter-in-law where she claimed residential rights on the house owned by her mother-in-law.\"In the ripe old age of 78, surely citizens of this country are entitled to peace of mind and being not harassed by their next generation - the children or their daughter-in-law,\" Justice Mehta said while granting the relief to the senior citizen.HC further said the mother-in-law in her advanced age cannot be forced to keep the daughter-in-law in the suit property when the son had moved out and was living separately. However, to ensure the son and the mother don't connive to turn out the wife from the house, the court directed that \"in case it is found that the husband was residing in the house, then in such circumstances, the daughter-in-law would have the right to live on the premises.\"After a lower court decreed against her, the daughter-in-law had moved HC insisting that according to Hindu Adoptions and Maintenance Act she had a right to reside at her matrimonial home. On her part the ailing mother-in-law told HC she was being harassed by her daughter-in-law and that her life was made miserable as she abused and ill-treated her. The aged woman told HC, she had to serve legal notice on both her son as well as daughter-in-law to vacate the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11370456", "title": "Romney wins Iowa battle, but barely", "text": "WASHINGTON: None of the half-dozen Republican aspirants aiming for the White House established any significant lead or momentum in the Iowa Caucus, an inner party electoral skirmish that sounds the opening bell for the party nomination for the 2012 presidential election.Frontrunner Mitt Romney surprisingly lost impetus and standing in course of a narrow win (by just eight votes) from a 120,000 party flock in a state that is considered the heartland of America.The big surprise of the evening was the impressive rise of former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum who emerged out of nowhere to come within a sniffing distance of Romney, both bagging some 25% of the votes each, but separated by a mere eight ballots. Texas Congressman Ron Paul came third with 21% votes.Others, such as Newt Gingrich (13%), Rick Perry (10%), and Michele Bachman (5%), came a distant fourth and after, raising expectations that they will drop out. Infact, hours later Bachman suspended her campaign. The other two could now build on the momentum from Iowa although there have been instances of no-shows in this corn country going on to win the big prize.Although the Iowa Caucus vote is just the opening lap in the race for the Republican ticket (New Hampshire primaries follow next on Jan 10) and does not suggest the nomination is sealed in any way, it does offer some early clues to the mood in the party.One such indication is that the party faithful, particularly conservatives , are still not convinced about Romney, and are searching for other alternatives. While Romney, Santorum , and Paul were well-organized in Iowa, it is possible that Gingrich and other contenders have better grassroots machine in New Hampshire .Basically, the nomination is still up for grabs, although in terms of nationwide organizational strength and financial muscle, the money is still on Romney. But Iowa showed that spending big money will not necessarily win support.Rick Perry splurged more than $ 4 million on TV ads and ended up with only 12,600 votes - nearly $ 350 per vote. In contrast, Santorum, who one desi journalist immediately subbed Santaram, spent just $30,000 to land up with close to 30,000 votes.\"Let me tell you what wins in America are bold ideas, sharp contrasts and a plan that includes everyone ,\" Santorum said in his \"victory\" speech, in a thinly-veiled reference to his lack of financial backing.The Iowa result, with three close contenders for the Republican nomination , heartened the Democrats because the longer the Republican scrap goes on the more it will enervate them.The Democrats have no such inner-party jostling this time because the incumbent president is seeking re-election and has no challengers for the nomination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369353", "title": "Captive Indian trader perpares to return from China, but kin in Hyderabad tensed", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ordeal of the Hyderabad-based Raheja family that started 22 days ago is still showing no sign of ending. With their kin Deepak Raheja along with his colleague Shyam Sunder Agarwal still trapped in China, the Raheja family back home has been running from pillar to post appealing to authorities for Deepak's release.Deepak Raheja, a Dubai resident, had moved to China for work only a few months ago. His wife and children are still based out of Dubai while his parents and relatives live in Hyderabad.Kamal Raheja, brother of Deepak, has submitted a memorandum to the government seeking its intervention in getting Raheja released. Deepak and Shyam were held captive by Chinese traders in the town of Yiwu after their owner fled after failing to repay their dues due to bankruptcy. \"My brother is just a clerk there (the office in China). He has nothing to do with the business or the owner.\" Kamal is now desperately awaiting the return of his brother and is concerned about not only his health but also his family members.However, the turn of events on Wednesday provided a ray of hope. \"I just spoke to him and he is being shifted to Shanghai now by the Indian diplomats. We think it is a positive sign as the government has responded to the incident at the highest level. I was even told that the local traders responsible for the incident have been booked by the Chinese government.\"But Kamal was still concerned as he said that his brother's voice betrayed fear while talking on phone on Wednesday. \"While I was talking to him, he started crying and said he was very ill. He also said that his one leg had gone numb.\"The Raheja family said that Deepak was a diabetic as well as a BP patient and the treatment meted out by the Chinese traders wrecked him further. According to his family, Raheja and Agarwal were both taken captive around December 12 after their employer, a Yemeni nationa, fled unable to pay the amount due to the Chinese suppliers.\"For about 17 days my brother was physically and mentally tortured. They not only beat him mercilessly but also fed him human excreta and urine. They were also stripped naked and left in the open in extremely low temperatures.\" He said, \"He is a vegetarian. He was not fed more than a piece of bread daily.\"Kamal is also highly critical of the Chinese law and order situation and feels one should think twice before going to that country for work. \"On December 31, my brother along with Agarwal and Indian diplomat S Balchandran were in court in connection with this case. Even there the goons hired by the Chinese traders thrashed all three of them in front of government authorities. This horrible experience should serve as an eye opener to the world about Chinese government.\"\"My brother's wife is a heart patient and both their kids are too small who are shocked by the whole episode. Even our other family is saddened by the incident,\" Kamal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369249", "title": "EOW moves court to cancel fraud firm COO's bail", "text": "MUMBAI: The economic offences wing (EOW), which is probing the multi-crore SpeakAsia fraud, has moved the sessions court for the cancellation of bail granted to the company's chief operating officer, Tarak Bajpai. The police said that Bajpai failed to furnish sureties within the stipulated time and had not been visiting the EOW office.Bajpai (36) and nine others were arrested in July last year for cheating investors (also known as panelists). \"Bajpai and Rajeev Mehrotra, technical head for the SpeakAsia portal, were admitted to Thane's Jupiter Hospital after they complained of health problems. While the co-accused in the case were taken into custody by the Hyderabad police in another case, these two disappeared and did not attend the court since then,\" said an EOW officer. The company had 150 franchises across the country and 18 in Maharashtra. Each panelist would be given a password to login to the SpeakAsia website and two surveys a week to fill. For conducting one survey online, a panelist would be entitled to 10 points, which would be worth Rs 500. They were promised Rs 52,000 a year after becoming a panelist. Each panelist had paid Rs 11,000 to the company.The fraud, as per EOW records, has crossed the figure of Rs 2,276 crore so far.\"The court, while granting bail to Bajpai, had asked him to attend the investigating officer/office every week. Moreover, he was given bail on Rs 3 lakh in cash. However, the court had asked him to furnish personal sureties from Mumbai, Thane and Panvel within eight weeks. He neither appeared before the investigators nor did he furnish the personal surety so far. Hence, we have approached the court for the cancellation of his bail,\" said the officer. The police further said that Bajpai was avoiding cooperating with the police. Meanwhile, Mehrotra has approached the Supreme Court asking to quash an FIR against him in a Hyderabad police station. He has also challenged the cancellation of his anticipatory bail application by a Hyderabad court.The other accused, Shaikh Rais Latif (32), assistant for daily portal operations and in-charge of regular pop-ups, and Ravi Janakraj Khanna (44), finance accountant, who were also arrested along with Bajpai, are also not attending the EOW office. \"We are planning to move the court for cancellation of their bail as well,\" said the officer. The police said that the SpeakAsia office-bearers had invested around Rs 100 crore in commercial galas at prominent shopping malls in the city, flats in posh buildings and cars. A police officer said that in such cases, the investors can also be booked under the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act, 1978 since they are essentially gambling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370934", "title": "High-rises have hemmed kids in", "text": "MUMBAI: When they were boys, Ajay Gadre and his friends were responsible for many a broken window in their neighbourhood. He recalls one home in particular, from where the ball would always return in two pieces. A search for the cause led him to the discovery of an interesting neighbour, Fatima, about whom he refuses to divulge any more information.Gadre's generation is probably the last in Mumbai with such bragging rights. That is because today's children live in apartments so high that even a ball hit by Tendulkar cannot enter them. Children now prefer to kick a football with an arrow key and swing a bat with the space bar. So entrenched have couch-potato habits become that to discourage the trend, a children's TV channel recently launched a campaign where it went blank for 30 minutes, encouraging viewers to go out, grab some sunshine and play.Gully cricket is not the only sport that has fallen victim to high-rises and gated communities, and computer games and children's television channels. Hide-and seek, lagori and gilli danda, all have few takers today. As a result, children's anecdote banks have depleted. Anecdotes like what Sunil Mehta, a finance executive, relates. \"During a game of hide-and-seek, I would go home and take a nap while my friends would spend hours inside cupboards, behind water tankers and under parked cars. After a few hours, they would realize no one was trying to find them out,\" said Mehta, laughing at the memories of the Colaba housing society where he grew up. Even today, his childhood friends come together for building reunions. \"Some of us have moved out, but we meet every other Sunday. My closest friends are my building friends,\" he said.For Shashikant Sawant, who grew up in Bandra and now lives in Vashi, childhood encompassed everything from lagori, where two teams have to topple a pile of stones, to gilli danda, which is played with two wooden sticks, one used to hit the other. The team of boys Sawant was part of would meet regularly near the Sena office and so was called 'Shiv Sena'. Their daily ritual was to build strategies and play against a team of boys that would meet near the Congress office. Sawant knew all the children in the neighbourhood and their grandmothers because he used to spend a lot of time outdoors. He would eat at any of his friends' places and volunteer to buy vegetables for their mothers. \"But my nephew, he is afraid of entering even the next building,\" he said with sadness.Children no longer have such stories to share. They make friends at hobby classes, play dates or school. Akshay Asher (10) from Wadala goes to Five Gardens to play, but is usually so busy at his game console that he barely gets time to make friends. \"Go to any housing society and you will most likely see children playing with their maids,\" said Preeti Sharma, an architecture student \"infamous for ringing doorbells and escaping with my gang of building friends\".Recollecting his favourite game, hide-andseek, Dadar resident Manoj Kulkarni said: \"I knew which buildings had two entrances and in which buildings the toilets smelled foul.\" The game would encompass an entire colony, resembling a Bollywood chase scene with boys crossing hurdles, jumping over walls and pushing carts along the way.\"I don't get to hear the specific sounds associated with children playing in my building anymore,\" said filmmaker Ashoke Pandit, who resides in Juhu. He recounted childhood memories of rolling bicycle tyres with sticks and playing with his friends jhaadbunder, in which one has to throw a stone as far as possible for a seeker, and before he can return with the object, everyone in the thrower's group has to climb up trees and hide. Coming back to the present, Pandit paused for breath. Then he asked, rhetorically, \"Where are the trees now?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11370995", "title": "Whose Fort is this anyways?", "text": "BANGALORE: How can an monument belong to several people. A dilapidated fort enroute to Bengaluru International Airport believed to be 200 year old has one too many claimants.Popularly known as Chikkajala fort, the 'monument' has suddenly come into focus after the national Highway authority of India (NHAI) decided to raze down the fort's wall for taking up road-widening on National Highway 4.\"I was born in that house 60 years ago. How can it belong to government suddenly? My mother Thimmakka lived in that house throughout. The house belongs to us and we are fighting the case in court. I learnt swimming in the pool just in front of the house. It is not a government property. My mother bought this from one called Gopalakrishna,\" says Shantamma, who lives in Chikkajala village. Shantamma is one of the five children of Thimmakka.Thimmakka known in the village as Kote Thimmakka was living in the fort and was murdered in 1994. However the family does not claim the ownership of the temple inside the fort. She and her care taker a 15 year old girl were killed by miscreants. When NHAI started razing down the fort wall 15 days ago, Thimmakka's daughters lodged a complaint at the Chikkajala police station claiming that their property was being razed down by government.Besides, the family has also been fighting for the property in court over years.Priest speaksThe Anjaneya temple inside the fort is taken care of by a village priest called A Ram Sanjeevaiah (42) who has also been claiming compensation for the property. \"I am the temple priest here for decades. My father too was working here. Its a government property belonging to endowment department.In many temples, government has givencompensation to the temple priest in Muzrai temples. I must be given compensation,\" he says. After the murder of Thimmakka, the temple was locked up for years. It was him who took help of police and revenue officials to re open the temple.The prime property of 2 acre 8 gunta belongs to government, endowment department according to Chikkajala revenue inspector Pashupati Prasad. \"NHAI has acquired the front portion of the fort for road widening. A compensation of Rs 84 lakh has been deposited to the Taluk office, Yelahanka and to be handed over to endowment department. Anybody may claim the property as their own. But as per government records it belongs to government,\" he told TOI.School at the Fort!The issue of Chikkajala main road widening was discussed in the village Panchayat meetings four months ago. \"On the main road we also have a Government primary school which will have to be razed down for widening. We have a proposal before the Village panchayat to shift the school to the fort premises as the Fort is a government property as per the revenue documents. We are told that it was built by Tipu Sultan ,\" C S Premkumar, a village Panchayat member Chikkajala.Status of the FortThe 200 year old fort wears a deserted gory look with no one to upkeep the historical monument. There is a Pushkarani (pond) within the fort and a temple. The left portion of the fort has a huge residential complex that bears a door number 216. The house is almost roofless and is not fit for human habitation.However, to support the argument that it is a historical site, the temple and Pushkaraini have carved inscriptions of deities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370338", "title": "4 held for poaching rare cranes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The forest department has arrested five fishermen for their involvement in the poaching of 11 Demoiselle Cranes in Kodinar taluka in Junagadh. Two more fishermen wanted in the case could not be arrested as they had left the coast and went to the sea for fishing.Those arrested included Salim Morabhai Bhesaliya, Gafur Suleman Bhesaliya, Aslam Suleman Ishwani, Firoz Hussain Dhoki and Yusuf Suleman Luchani. Sixth accused Adbul Musa Patelia is also absconding. Patelia is from Navdara village in Kalyanpur area of Jamnagar district.Assistant conservator of forest, Jamwala, Anshuman Sharma has been investigating the case. He said that Patelia will also be arrested late in the night.The five were arrested and during interrogation told the forest staff that they caught the birds for their own consumption only.However, an official said that they were not willing to rely on the version of the story given by the accused, and rather believed that they were selling it in the market. \"The meat of this crane is very hot and one does not need oil to cook it in,\" said Sharma.Giving details of the case, he said that the police team of Kodinar was on patrol duty when they tried to stop two bikers carrying huge bags on the rear seats.Sensing trouble, the four left the newly-purchased bikes and ran away. When the police officials opened the bundles they were surprised to see bodies of 11 cranes of rare species. The forest department was informed immediately.Sharma said, \"Since the bikes did not have registration number plates, it was difficult to ascertain the identity of the owner. The officials on close examination found a torn of label of the showroom. The showroom was traced and on the basis of the chasis number of the vehicle the owners were traced in Veraval and Jamnagar districts.\"The vehicles were owner by Javed Rathod from Veraval and Abdul Musa Patelia in Jamnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11374222", "title": "SP leader admits rift in party over DP Yadav", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Samajwadi Party is also facingrift on the issue of admitting persons like DP Yadav into the party fold since such decisions may affects the image of the party, SP national general secretary Mohan Singh told TOI on Wednesday.Taking a dig at the Bharatiya Janata Party , he said by admitting tainted leaders like Babu Singh Kushwaha the party has exposed its doublespeak on the issue of corruption in public life.Terming it a bad precedent in democracy, Singh said it was the BJP which had raised hue and cry over Kushwaha's direct involvement in the multi-crore NHRM scam. BJP leader Kirit Somaiya had alleged the involvement of Kushwaha and chief minister Mayawati's kin in siphoning of money into the account of bogus companies, SP leader pointed out.On the ongoing CBI raids and possibility of Kushwaha's arrest, Singh said the action must have been planned much earlier during the course of investigations into the NHRM scam. This would have nothing to do with his joining the saffron bandwagon, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11373149", "title": "BJP delegation to meet President over Lokpal 'midnight ruckus'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A delegation of BJP MPs, including senior leader LK Advani will meet President Pratibha Patil on Thursday, over the Lokpal Bill 'midnight ruckus' in the Rajya Sabha.The main Opposition party alleged that the government, given its minority in the Rajya Sabha, manipulated proceedings in the House during the debate on the lokpal bill inorder to avoid a vote.It also expressed unhappiness over the manner in which Rajya Sabha chairperson Hamid Ansari conducted the proceedings in the House, following his decision to adjourn the House citing chaos and total impasse. They, however, restrained from a direct attack on the vice president.The BJP has also called for a week long nation wide protest inorder to keep up the pressure on the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11368928", "title": "File affidavit on law school: HC to state", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Wednesday directed the Maharashtra government to file an affidavit on the issue of setting up state's first National Law School (NLS) in Nagpur.A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Pramod Kode granted three weeks to government pleader Nitin Sambre for the purpose. Earlier, Sambre sought four weeks to take instructions from the government and make a statement on the contentious issue.The high court resumed working after 10-day winter vacations where the petition was listed before Justice Dharmadhikari's bench. The PIL was filed by Maha-Arya Lawyers Association's vice-president Shrikant Khandalkar after media reports were published. Vishal Anand and Kishor Ghugguskar appeared for the petitioner.During the last hearing, minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope had informed that he had dispatched a letter to the central government appealing them to set up the prestigious institution in Nagpur.Khandalkar, a lawyer himself, named Union law minister among supporters of this project stating that even a land was identified at Koradi for the same. Justifying Nagpur as first choice to establish the prestigious project, the petitioner contended that the city has excellent rail, road and air connectivity coupled with its strategic location in the middle of the country. He prayed to retrain the respondents from shifting the project to Mumbai for the benefit of large number of local students.During recent assembly session in Nagpur, Tope had cleared confusion, stating that the Centre would fund only one NLS while other two would be raised by the state and those would be at par with similar infrastructure and facilities.The uncertainty was created following demands from three cities - Mumbai, Aurangabad and Nagpur - to establish the prestigious institute at their places. It was followed by promises by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy CM Ajit Pawar to open three NLS in the state. Interestingly, India has 16 such law schools with only one in each state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370075", "title": "Mamata rues dearth of IAS, IPS officers", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday rued the shortage of IAS and IPS officers in the state. She said she was trying to make the situation turn better in the next two years.\"If this is the situation, how can we work?\" she questioned. \"We are trying to fill the gap. Nothing was done all these years to change the situation,\" she said.This year about 24 additional IPS officers were going to join, the CM said. The situation is the same for IAS officers - there are 212 officers in the state where there should be 314, and even then 60 officers are now in deputation outside Bengal.The CM, as a matter of policy, has not been clearing officers' pleas to take central deputationsince she took over. Moreover, she has written recently to Union home minister P Chidambaram to direct his ministry to release two IPS officers to Bengal even before their five-year stint is over.The number of IPS officers in the state cadre is 230 - with 159 IPS recruits and another 71 promotees. Bengal has the second largest number of IPS officer strength in the country. But even the number of vacancies for IPS officers here is among the highest in the country - out of 230 IPS officers, 34 are currently on deputation.There is a shortage of IPS officers throughout the country - it was calculated at 3,393 IPS officers against a sanctioned strength of 4,720, a shortage of 1,327 officers last January.The huge gap was created when the Centre fixed the number of IPS and IAS recruits in 1990s for five consecutive years. Also, the fact that all along new districts and posts were created while the intake remained the same, made matters worse.The Centre has now decided to go for special recruitment plan to induct IPS officers from young officers of paramilitary and state police forces, the examination for which will take place from 2012. However, details of this are not yet known to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new kundanpuri", "code": "11372811", "title": "Prince wants to rule over ring", "text": "NEW KUNDANPURI: Making it to the state gymnastics team is 10-year-old Prince Sahil's gift to his grandparents Karam Chand Sharma and Usha Rani, who have been constantly motivating him to excel in sports. \"It's my grandparents' dream that I will represent the country in international gymnastics competition and bring laurels to the nation. My grandfather, a retired armyman, is very fond of sports. He used to tell me that I will have a better life if I play,'' said Prince, a resident of New Kundanpuri. He is part of sub-junior state team and will participate in the sub-junior national gymnastic to be held in Mohali from January 5-9.Prince said he started practising gymnastics at the age of 6. \"I used to practice at school and later joined gymnastic wing in Guru Nanak Dev Stadium under coach Prem Singh's supervision. I practice the in multi-purpose indoor stadium for four hours daily,'' said Prince, a student of Class V in Alpine International School.In 2011, he won various medals in district and state-level gymnastic competitions and won a gold in state school competition. \"I am good at floor exercises and Roman ring gymnastics. I have to be very careful about my diet so that I can have a flexible body. It is tough but I am doing everything I can to one day rule the ring,'' he said.His grandfather said Prince showed an inclination towards sports while he was very young so they encouraged him. \"My one big desire is to see my grandson shine our family and country's name around the globe,'' said Sharma.The young gymnast's coach Prem Singh is hoping that Prince and another athlete from the city, Keshav Thakur, who have been selected from the city, will clinch many medals at the national competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jassowal", "code": "11372795", "title": "Rimple gears up for first international tennis tournament", "text": "JASSOWAL: Rimpledeep Kaur of Jassowal village is gearing up for a new challenge, to fight international tennis players. She would participate in the International Challenger (IC) junior world tennis cup that would be held in Adelaide, Australia. She is part of the Indian junior team for this championship and would leave city on January 7.A student of class XI in Harvest International School, Rimpledeep said she got fascinated by tennis from the academy in her school. She said around six years ago, she started practicing tennis in her school's academy and participated in a number of national and international competitions. In the year 2011, she was part of the IC junior Asian Cup that was held in Singapore and her team clinched the title after defeating the best Asian teams. She is at present under the coaching of Australian coach, Todd Clarke.Rimpledeep has won 4 super series, 3 champion series and 2 national series titles in her career and is now concentrating on the coming tournament.Rimpledeep hopes to bring laurels to the state and country. She is expecting to have good exposure in Australia as it is for the first time she would be taking part in such an international tournament. Rimple said she really admires the game of international player, Justin Henin and her dream is to become an international tennis player and win a grand slam one day.Hailing from an agricultural background, her father Baljit Singh is a farmer, she said it was her father's dream that she should become a shinning star in tennis at an international level. Manager of Harvest Tennis Academy, Gaurav said Rimple is one of the promising tennis players of their academy and she has very bright prospect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369404", "title": "SCLR cost inflation under state scanner", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to appoint M V Mirani, former principal secretary, to inquire into the inflated costs of the delayed Santa Cruz-Chembur Link Road (SCLR).The cost to construct the controversial 6.45-km-long road, originally estimated at Rs 110 crore, has shot up several times due to delays which have impeded its construction.MMRDA officials refused to provide the revised estimates for the road.\"The authority has decided to let Mirani cross-check the new estimates,\" said the officials.The SCLR is one of the two major link roads being built to improve the East-West connectivity and is part of the World Bank-financed Mumbai Urban Transport Project (MUTP). The project was slated for completion in 2009.The Link Road starts from Hang Bhugra Junction on Western Express Highway in Santacruz (east) and eventually runs close to LTT in Kurla, before joining the Amar Mahal Junction on the Eastern Express Highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369863", "title": "Driver bangs several cars in Sector 14", "text": "GURGAON: An man driving a Honda City car hit atleast a dozen cars parked outside houses in Sector 14 on Tuesday night.Police officers said the man was either drunk or was trying to escape after meeting with an accident when his car banged at least a dozen cars in the residential area. Residents said that several vehicles were badly damaged. \"The accused hit two cars so badly that the two vehicles broke into the boundary walls of a house. By the time people got up, the driver had fled ,\" said an investigator.Civil Lines police station in-charge Naresh Kumar said no one was injured but added that the loss of property could be substantial. \"The accused was driving a black car carelessly passing through the residential area. We are working on clues and are trying to find whether any accident involving this car had happened around this area recently. It seems either he was under excessive influence of alcohol or was trying to flee,\" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11372356", "title": "Elusive black-necked crane spotted in Zeminthang", "text": "GUWAHATI: After eluding scientific documentation for years, the black-necked crane, which is revered by the Monpas of Arunachal Pradesh, has been spotted in the state's Zemithang Valley.For the first time, WWF-India has come out with photographic records of black-necked cranes in Zeminthang, located at an altitude of about 2000 meters above sea level near the China border.Pijush Kumar Dutta, senior co-ordinator of WWF-India's Western Arunachal Landscape Programme, said though there were reports of black-necked cranes spending winter in Zemithang, there was no \"authentic\" first-hand documentation.\"Last year, through our community-based conservation programme, we photographed the arrival of black-necked cranes at Zemithang. There was no photographic or other first-hand documentary evidence of black-necked crane at Zemithang even though there were reports that the birds come there in winter. This year, we have counted seven birds so far. We are minutely documenting the winged guests,\" Dutta said.The black-necked crane, which is also believed to be an embodiment of the sixth Dalai Lama in Tibetan Buddhism, is found in India, China and Bhutan. The birds breed in high-altitude wetlands in the Tibetan plateau of China and eastern Ladakh in India at an elevation ranging from 2950 to 4900 meters above mean sea level. During winter, the birds flock to Tibet, Yunnan and Guizhou in China and Phobjika and Bomdaling valleys in Bhutan and in Arunachal Pradesh's Sangte and Zimithang valleys. The global population of black-necked crane is estimated to be 11,000 and is included in the International Union for Conservation of Nature' \"vulnerable\" category.The ministry of environment and forest, WWF-India, Bombay Natural History Society and the Indian Bird Conservation Network last year adopted a slew of measures for conservation of this bird species in India and Bhutan.For the last few years, the arrival of these birds at Sangte Valley in West Kameng district was erratic. Last year, a group of bird watchers were disappointed when they could not spot blacked-necked cranes at Sangte. Similarly, in 2010, the birds gave a miss to Sangte even in late December.However, Zemithang has opened up a new prospect for bird-watchers for whom sighting of black-necked cranes often top their wish-list. \"Monpas don't hunt any wildlife and black-necked cranes are very safe in Zemithang. Now, we are helping the community to promote eco-tourism in the area under our community conserved area programme,\" said Dutta.As Zemithang is out of bounds for foreign tourists and trekking is not allowed, Dutta said talks are on at the government level to promote bird-watching tours in the area. \"Through community initiative, a home-stay facility for tourists has also come up at Zemithang and youths have been trained as guides. If the government allows tourism, it will be a big incentive for the Monpas,\" added Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370745", "title": "Migraine forces girl to end life", "text": "JAIPUR: A girl pursuing engineering from a college in Pratap Nagar committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling. The girl was suffering from prolonged migraine.The postmortem on the body on Wednesday confirmed her suicide.The girl, Priyanka Chaudhary (24), was a fourth year student in a private engineering college in Pratap Nagar locality here, sources said. She is the daughter of Bagru circle inspector, and thus, the police kept the whole case under wraps and a majority of the police stations including Pratap Nagar, Malviya Nagar and Jawahar Circle did not prefer to divulge case details.\"She was suffering from migraine for a long time. She hails from Nagaur but was staying in a rented accommodation in Jagatpura locality,\" a police officer from Malviya Nagar said.She was rushed to a private hospital on Tuesday where she was declared brought dead, police said. Later, a police team from Pratap Nagar, Jawahar Circle and Malviya Nagar reached the spot.The girl's father Durgalal Chaudhary is circle inspector at Bagru police station.Sources said the body was handed over to relatives after the postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374010", "title": "Chaalis Chauraasi", "text": "CreditsDirector: Hriday Shetty Cast: Naseeruddin Shah , Kay Kay Menon, Atul Kulkarni, Ravi Kishan, Rajesh Sharma Banner: MAASK Entertainment Pvt. Ltd., Filament Glo (India) Pvt. Ltd, Writers: Yash-Vinay Music: Lalit Pandit Genre: Crime-Comedy Release Date: January 13, 2012SynopsisOne police van - MH-02-A- 4084, four Cops, one night, one job, one hell of a ride, is what 'Chaalis Chauraasi' is in one line.Exploring a humour crime genre, Chaalis Chauraasi is like a rollercoaster ride in an amusement park, except that it takes place in a police van. The story of the film revolves around 4 cops Pankaj Suri aka SIR (Naseeruddin Shah), Albert Pinto aka PINTO (Kay Kay Menon), Bhaskar Sardesai aka BOBBY (Atul Kulkarni) and Shakti Chinappa aka SHAKTI (Ravi Kishan); who see an opportunity to a great future when they are given a mission to pull off. Things take a twist when another cop stops their van en-route and takes them as his backup to catch a dangerous gangster.The story unfolds through the night where the fine line between law and crime is repeatedly crossed, leading to unexpected situations, sometimes very hilarious. The 4 guys who think of themselves as very rough and tough, macho men encounter situations where they are forced to reckon with a different truth about themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "11370199", "title": "Jewellery and cash looted from house", "text": "NADIA: A gang of miscreants looted cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 1 lakh from a house at Bethuadahari under Nakashipara police station on Wednesday, police said.After Asraf Mullick, a lawyer, and his wife, a teacher by profession, left for work, the house for their respective workplace. The house is situated in a congested area and very close to Nakashipara police station.At around 10.30am, the miscreants broke into the house and ransacked the four cupboards. They looted some gold ornaments and a few thousand rupees in cash.A neighbour found the gang leaving the house and chased them. But they managed to escape.Police rushed to the spot on being informed. A complaint was lodged at Nakashipara police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370774", "title": "Police to take back stolen bikes seized in other dists", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city police are expected to recover around two-dozen more two-wheelers in few days time. This would be in addition to the Wednesday's recovery of a dozen two-wheelers by Gomtinagar police. Most of these vehicles were stolen from Gomtinagar police station area itself.This may sound strange, but police officials claim that this is neither speculation nor it is the confidence of the cops based on any astrological prediction.The thought of 'future recovery' came to cops' mind after they nabbed two auto-lifters and recovered around a dozen motorcycles from their possession.The two auto-lifters were identified as Ravi Kumar, a resident of Firozabad and Amit Dubey, a resident of Etawah. Ravi, according to the police, is the kingpin of the gang, which has over half-a-dozen more members.During the course of interrogation, the miscreants told the cops that besides, Wednesday's recovery, they had abandoned several vehicles just like that at least in three districts of west UP. Most of these vehicles were later seized by the police of these districts.Though the numbers of such vehicles as told by the miscreants is much more, police believe that figure of such vehicles would remain around two-dozen mark. \"Several such vehicles were seized by the police of Etawah, Mainpuri and Auraiyya districts. Most of these vehicles had been lifted from Gomtinagar police station area,\" a senior police official privy to the interrogation said, and added that Lucknow police will contact the police of the three districts in a day or two. Police officials said that they are expecting to get back the vehicles in a week's time.Commenting on the modus operandi of the miscreants, Gomtinagar police said that the two auto-lifters used to come to Lucknow from their home town. \"In Lucknow, they used to take a two-wheeler, which they used to park it at the Charbagh parking stand. The two-wheeler was used by the gang members and auto-lifters of other gangs also,\" the police said.Their area of preference for lifting vehicles most of the time remained Gomtinagar. They used to visit the area, recce of the target and then lift it by using a master key modified out of elkin, a screw driver. After lifting the two-wheelers, they used to park it at Charbagh parking stand and leave for their home districts. Once they used to get a buyer for the stolen vehicles, the vehicle was driven to their districts with changed registration number plates.Till now, Ravi's gang has lifted over 5 dozen two-wheelers, while other related gangs have lifted over 250 two-wheelers, circle officer Alok Kumar said. Ravi is a known criminal and has been booked in around 28 cases in Etawah and Firozabad districts, the circle officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372470", "title": "Fashion takes off", "text": "Dressing for a flight is the new look to curate. Here's how our stars do itDressing for a flight is tricky - you have to factor in sitting for long hours, change in climate, in-flight temperature, undressing for security and now, the awaiting paparazzi. Stars know they have little chance of leaving the airport un-photographed, and most of them have a set wardrobe. The velour track-pants are a given uniform, as are pashmina shawls, dark colours and in the case of the really anticipant, sunglasses at night. We caught a mini galaxy of stars returning from their New Year's vacation, and here's what they were wearing.Gauri KhanGauri Khan puts a spin on a casual staple with what might be one of the waistcoats left over from SRK's TV show. It changes what could have been a boring black-and-white outfit. It's boots for her too, but a small purse with probably only the bare essentials.Rani MukerjiRani only recently found her fashion groove and it's a little sad to see her stuck in a rut so soon. The velour track-suit is just too unimaginative and wearing it with trainers, makes her look like she's on her way to burn vacation calories. The pale pink puffy jacket and bag look schizophrenic. She could have looked much lovelier in comfy jumpsuit or jersey maxi with a woollen blazer or peacoat.Karisma KapurNothing has done more for Karisma Kapur's good looks than leaving the film industry. She's emerged a polished, sophisticated lady of leisure and that she only wears black leaves very little room for sartorial error. On her return from London , she's the picture of chic functionality - rolled up trousers, a light sweater, Prussian blue Birkin, comfortable ballet flats with a twist and beautifully warm hair colour. Her only accessories are a watch and bracelet. We wish we looked so good after trans-continental travel.Priyanka ChopraPriyanka has a studied look for travelling - ganji, skinny denims, leather jacket in hand. She's swapped boots for peep-toe heels, perhaps because she was flying in from sunny Thailand . These are easier to take off for security, but heels while travelling is a little vain. Then again, who gets off the terminal wearing dark glasses at night and a face full of make-up?Malaika and Arbaaz KhanThey say people who live together for years, start looking like each other. In the Khans's case, they also start dressing alike. They're both rowing the nautical theme with navy blue and white. While Arbaaz keeps it producer-next-door in corduroy and canvas, Malaika's not shedding the sexy one bit with a tight-tight ganji, black denims and blazer. Those boots must have been a pain to get in and out of for security. But knowing Malaika, it was probably those or 6-inch platform heels.Karan JoharKJo puts the F in flight fashion - reflective windcheater, retro '90s glares and a sleek sling bag. But the outfit ends in a **F - why the uncle brogues with jeans? The colourful sole does not license that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373316", "title": "I\u2019d love to do a Vishnuvardhana: Viveik Oberoi", "text": "Viveik Oberoi seems to share an easy camaraderie with actors down south. Proof of this was visible when the actor was in the city recently to view the special screening of Sudeep's latest film.Viveik, who was accompanied to the screening by his wife Priyanka Alva Oberoi, seemed to have had a great time watching the flick. \"It's a brave attempt by Sudeep and I loved it. The concept of mobile phones is so relatable, yet nobody has made a film along those lines. It had a very noncommercial aspect to it,\" says Viveik.The actor also seems to have enjoyed watching Sudeep's performance in the film. He says, \"Kichcha and I go back a long way. We share a mutual respect for each other and discuss films often. I've always been bowled over by his performances, be it in My Autograph or Kempegowda.\" Are there any plans of Viveik doing the Hindi version of the film? \"Of course, I'd love to do a Vishnuvardhana. However, nothing has materialized as yet and it's too early to discuss things,\" says Viveik.Meanwhile, the actor is also busy shuttling between four projects this year. There's Kismat Love Paisa Delhi (KLPD), which will see him star opposite Mallika Sherawat . \"I am working on a solo hero project after a long time and am looking forward to the release. The storyline is very different and I am sporting a new look in the movie,\" says Viveik.The other films he has in the pipeline are Krrish 2, which will see him essay a negative role, Masti 2 and Shootout at Wadala. \"I am having a fabulous 2012 with great movies lined up for release. All the projects that I am working on are different and that's what fascinates me,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11369751", "title": "Restricted water to Mormugao", "text": "MARGAO: An existing 1,200mm dia PSC pipeline at Khankant- Verna was damaged on Wednesday when work of laying a parallel pipeline from Selaulim to Verna was underway.Areas in and around Mormugao taluka will get restricted water supply till the pipeline is repaired. PWD sources said that it would take at least a day or two to repair the damage.The new pipeline is being funded by Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).\"The damaged pipeline is made of concrete and will be repaired immediately after reducing water pressure to the same pipeline,\" said PWD executive engineer, S R Paranjape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369192", "title": "R K Laxman to pick caricature contest winners", "text": "MUMBAI: If you are one of those who spend their time drawing their teacher's caricature in class while the lecture is on, this contest might be of great interest to you. What more, you might actually get the opportunity to meet R K Laxman, often known as India's greatest cartoonist.The Times Cartoon Contest for budding cartoonists in the city has been organised as part of Times of India's Mumbai For Kids initiative. Here, not only will your work be appreciated by a select set of judges, but the final winners will be selected by the legendary R K Laxman himself. These winners will finally get a chance to interact with him.On January 14, all those registered will assemble at the JJ School of Arts for an on the spot 'cartoon making' competition where students will be given two hours time to finish their work. Once done, judges will go through the work submitted by students and a set of the selected work will be sent to R K Laxman for the final screening. \"R K Laxman will choose the final three winners based on the innovativeness and creativity of the cartoon submitted,\" said Usha Laxman, R K Laxman's daughter-in-law.Prof G Waghmare, dean of the JJ Institute of Applied Arts was thrilled to be a part of this contest. \"Not only will student get a chance to show their skills to professionals, they will also get first hand experience of the ambience of an art school. Hopefully, this will encourage more students to take art seriously,\" he said. He also added that since very few children are aware of the opportunities that awaits them in this field, this contest will be a good approach to get them familiarised with this concept.R K Laxman's family said he was looking forward to the event. \"He is very excited about meeting children who are interested in drawing cartoons and has already told us that more the children, merrier it will be for him,\" said Usha Laxman. She also added that since he loves children, he is very happy to be part of this initiative.To register, SMS TOIKIDS Name Age to 58888. The Times of India will be holding this contest at the JJ School of Arts premises on January 14 between 10 am and 12 noon. The age group for candidates will be restricted between 8 and 18 years only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11372820", "title": "Civic body axing trees in the garb of pruning", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: In an irony, on World Environment Day which falls on Thursday, the MC is setting a wrong precedence by encouraging axing of trees in two public parks in J block of Sarabha Nagar. In the garb of pruning, several fully grown trees have been axed brutally. It all started from a public park in I block of the area where no sign of trees has been left. The residents are concerned whether MC would be able to fulfil this huge loss to the environment, especially when the city has just 1% green cover.Despite residents' complaints, the MC authorities did nothing to save trees in that park, which were being axed by some people. The MC authorities are completely keeping their eyes closed towards this practice despite the fact that MC's D zone office falls in this area and also some of the commissioner rank officers stay on this road. The residents alleged that MC officials are hand in gloves with the people, who are axing trees in public parks. However, assistant commissioner and head of horticulture branch, A S Sekhon said, \"Though we have not allowed anybody to prune trees, yet there were two notices on tree cutting, as trees might have fallen on houses. But I would be able to say anything only after checking things.\"District forest officer Naresh Mahajan said, \"Pruning is important only when it is hampering any activity but in that case too, only branches can be cut. If somebody is axing the tree tops, then it is illegal.\"President of Federation of Pollution and Pak Management Committee and retired forest officer S S Chana said, \"I had submitted a complaint with the then MC commissioner A K Sinha when trees were being axed in I block park of Sarabha Nagar. An inquiry was also marked on October 17 but till date nothing has been done. The way enquiry was conducted, it was merely an eyewash. It seems MC officers have hushed up the matter.\" Requesting not to be named, one of the residents said, \"Park management committees are responsible for saving public parks but here, even PMCs are involved in this scam. If MC authorities are not taking action against the responsible persons, it proves they are hand in gloves with one another.\"A businessman and resident of Sarabha Nagar, Harjap Singh said, \"It is a wrong practice to axe trees brutally. It takes long for trees to develop fully. If there would be no trees, it would become difficult for residents to get fresh air.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372385", "title": "Hrithik Roshan and Salman Khan resolve differences", "text": "Hrithik Roshan and Salman Khan have not been the best of friends. And that started right after Hrithik's film Guzaarish released in 2010.However, the fight that started with a media interview, is now a thing of the past. Mumbai Mirror reveals the various steps that brought the two stars together.December 2010: At Sohail Khan's birthday bash at a Juhu night spot, Hrithik and Salman bumped into each other. This was immediately after their stretched out media-driven fight. The birthday revelry however, did not manage to bring the two together. Hrithik and Salman continued to avoid each other in public. Hrithik's proximity to Shah Rukh Khan proved to be a hindrance as well.August 2011: After almost a year of maintaining distance, Hrithik took the first step towards Salman. And his home Galaxy Apartments. Right before Salman flew out of the country for his nervous surgery, Hrithik went to meet the actor and wish him luck. The gesture surprised many. But it did manage to make its mark.December 2011: Hrithik, who was dubbing for Agneepath at YRF Studios, spotted Aditya Chopra sitting outside Salman's van with none other than... Salman himself. Salman was shooting for his film Ek Tha Tiger . Hrithik immediately went and spoke to them. And the conversation, if our source is to be believed, lasted for over an hour.December 28, 2011: Salman and Hrithik, needless to say, had come quite close by now. However, the friendship was born again on a flight to Dubai. Salman and Hrithik accidentally bumped into each other on this UAE bound aircraft. While Salman was accompanied with his family, Hrithik was on his way to join his wife and kids and friends Arjun Ampal, Shah Rukh Khan and Ritesh Sidhwani.The in-flight bonding then led to an evening out in Dubai for the two actors, the recent Bigg Boss controversy notwithstanding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11373060", "title": "Puri temple repairs to start in a week", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The de-plastering of Jagamohan (audience hall), facing the Jagannath temple in Puri would commence within a week, the superintending archaeologist of ASI A K Patel said. An expert team of ASI visited the 12th century shrine on Wednesday to take stock of the erection of scaffoldings near Jagamohan.\"It will be completed soon and the de-plastering work will start within a week,\" Patel said. Notably, unhappy over the functioning of ASI, a section of priests had recently stalled the renovation work and demanded a status report from the ASI. The impasse was resolved and the Jagannath temple administration allowed the ASI to go ahead with the much-needed repair work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11371122", "title": "Get ready for severe outages", "text": "BANGALORE: Power cuts are back with a vengeance, with many areas facing unscheduled power cuts for the past three days.Many areas in North Bangalore including Nagawara, Hebbal, Yelahanka have had power outages while areas in East Bangalore - HAL 3rd stage, Domlur and Indiranagar -- have gone without power for hours on end for the past two days.With students preparing for the annual exams, Bescom and KPTCL are engaged in a blame game. P Manivannan, MD, Bescom, made it clear that transformer failures had triggered the outages and KPTCL had to fix the problem. \"We have told KPTCL to analyse the problem and determine the reasons. We cannot be blamed for the power cuts,'' he said.Adding to the blame game is the severe coal shortage. Energy minister Shobha Karandlaje threw up her hands stating that the state will be in a helpless situation in the next two or three weeks if the Centre does not come to the state's rescue.KPTCL summoned all its engineers on Wednesday to take stock of the situation. \"In Peenya, a 50-year-old transformer failed on Sunday and one in Somanahalli failed consecutively. These failures are common when the infrastructure is very old. But we don't have space to fit in new transformer sub-stations,\" a senior KPTCL official told TOI.He also said, \"We're working on transformer restoration and engineers have been asked to look into fault lines and keep maintenance works. \"Blackouts of this gravity happen only once in a while and we'll try to give adequate supply to the city,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369442", "title": "25% less water in 40 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has announced that 25% less water will be supplied to the entire western suburbs and parts of the island city on from 10am on Friday till 2am on Sunday, in order to carry out major work on the Middle Vaitarna dam.Areas in the island city which will be affected are Colaba, Fort, Esplanade, Bhuleshwar, Crawford Market, Dhobi Talao, Tardeo, Girgaum, Walkeshwar, Mahalaxmi, Nana Chowk, Dadar, Mahim, Prabhadevi, Worli and Chinchpokli.Parts of B ward (Mandvi, Umerkhadi, Dongri) and E ward (Mazgaon, Nagpada, Kamathipura, Byculla) would also be affected.Less water supply would only mean that water will be supplied at low pressure, much below the normal pressure at which it is usually comes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373123", "title": "Bedroom's pre-release party at The Park", "text": "Five years after he directed his first 'sex' comedy \"Aamra\", Mainak Bhaumik is ready with his \"Bedroom\", and urban take on modern-day relationships. On Tuesday, the cast and crew gathered at The Park for the film's pre-release party.Amid the fun, actor Tanusree, who plays a junkie in the film, managed to speak to us. \"This is a one-of-a-kind movie.\" When asked what's the naughtiest thing about Mainak's \"Bedroom\" (pun intended, of course), she said, \"The naughtiest thing I've heard is the fact that he's extremely boring in his bedroom because he's always working!\" Well, we certainly feel that this \"Bedroom\" will be anything but boring!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11368284", "title": "China acts on traders: Indian captive\u2019s family relieved", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ordeal of the Hyderabad-based Raheja family that started 22 days ago is still showing no sign of ending. With their kin Deepak Raheja along with his colleague Shyam Sunder Agarwal still trapped in China, the Raheja family back home has been running from pillar to post appealing to authorities for Deepak's release.Deepak Raheja was a Dubai resident and had moved to China for work only a few months ago. His wife and children are still based out of Dubai while his parents and other kith and kin are based in Hyderabad.Kamal Raheja, brother of Deepak Raheja has been pleading with the state for help and even submitted a memorandum to the government seeking intervention in Raheja's release. Deepak Raheja and Shyam Sunder were held captive by Chinese traders in the town of Yiwu after their owner fled due to bankruptcy and was unable to pay the dues. \"My brother was just a clerk there (the office in China) and was part of the office staff. He had nothing to do with the business or the owner.\" Kamal is now awaiting the return of his brother desperately and is concerned about not only his health but also his family members.However, the turn of events on Wednesday provided a ray of hope. \"I just spoke to him and he is being shifted to Shanghai now by the Indian diplomats. We think it is a positive sign as the government has responded to the incident at the highest level. I was even told that the local traders responsible for incident have been booked by the Chinese government.\"But Kamal was still concerned as he said that his brother's voice was choking on the phone and was still filled with fear when he spoke to him on Wednesday. \"While I was talking to him, he started crying and shared how he was very unwell. He also said that his one leg has gone numb.\"The Raheja family said that Deepak is a diabetic and a BP patient and the treatment meted out by the Chinese traders comes across as shocking. According to his family members, Raheja and Agarwal were both taken captive around December 12 after their employer who was Yemeni fled failing to pay the due amount to the Chinese suppliers.\"For about 17 days my brother was physically and mentally tortured. They not only beat him mercilessly but also served him human excreta and urine. They were also stripped naked and left in the open areas in extremely low temperatures.\" He said, \"He is a vegetarian and was not fed more than a piece of bread daily.\"Kamal is also highly critical of the Chinese law and order situation and feels one should think twice before venturing into China for work. \"On December 31, my brother along with Agarwal and Indian diplomat S Balchandran were in court related to this case. Even there the goons hired by the Chinese traders thrashed all three of them in front of government authorities. This horrible experience should serve as an eye opener to the world about Chinese government.\"\"My brothers wife is a heart patient and both their kids are too small who are shocked with the whole episode. Even our other family members are saddened by the incident,\" Kamal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372216", "title": "Historysheeter arrested", "text": "KANPUR: Police arrested a listed historysheeter and recovered three stolen two-wheelers from his possession during a routine vehicle checking drive.The accused was identified as Raj Kishore alias Chotey Pal, a resident of Shivli in Ramabai Nagar. He was arrested from Kalyanpur on late Wednesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11369933", "title": "EC seeks list of officers with over 3-year tenure in district", "text": "NOIDA: The Election Commission has asked the Gautam Budh Nagar district magistrate to provide it a list of those officers who have been posted in the district for more than three years. Officers in Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities have been kept out of the pool. Some officers have submitted their tenure period with the nodal officer. It is understood that the EC notice requires the transfer of officials from their home districts and those who have completed more than three years of service in a district to make the assembly polls fair.The Election Commission has considering the issue seriously taking note of a significantly large number of officials posted in Gautam Budh Nagar and other districts in Uttar Pradesh for more than three years. The commission has asked the district administrations to submit the complete status of such officials, along with their names and other particulars.The commission has given the administration 10 days to furnish the list. District officials said they will submit the list by January 10.Speaking to TOI, district magistrate Hirdesh Kumar said that the commission has given instructions to submit list of senior officers, especially in the police, revenue and rural development departments. \"We have to submit the profile of inspector and above level officers in the police department, nayab tehsildar and senior officers in revenue department and BDO and senior officers in the rural development department,\" Kumar said.Sources in the district administration said there are about 68 officials who have been posted in the district for more than three years, with many of them close to the top political ranks in the ruling Mayawati-led BSP government. Gautam Budh Nagar is one of the highest revenue earning districts of the state, enjoying the government's special emphasis at par with the state capital Lucknow. Postings in Noida and Greater Noida in Gautam Budh Nagar are the most coveted ones in the entire state. The district magistrate has entrusted chief development officer Pawan Kumar to coordinate with various departments and prepare the list at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370608", "title": "Centre-state tug-of-war on Sonia\u2019s home turf", "text": "LUCKNOW: But for the uniformed guards manning its wrought iron gate and manicured lawns, the drab double-storied structure housing a NIFT centre looks what it was till about three years ago - a sarkari primary school in a mufassil town. The dream project of Sonia Gandhi hit a roadblock at the very inception as Maya government refused to allot it land. The management did the next best thing: rented the sparsely attended Balvidya Mandir from Indian Telephone Industries (ITI), a nearly dysfunctional unit which ran it. The three-year-old deadlock has just been resolved, site has been earmarked and the coming academic session may see a final shift of address.The \"space crunch\", as the state government would have them believe, bothers a host of other high-end institutes as well. Classes for Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Petroleum Technology are held on the campus of Feroze Gandhi Engineering College. ITI rents out hostel and the canteen. ITI has come as a saviour to Accident Data Analysis Centre and also for National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research. \"Gandhis may have done their best to develop Rae Bareli as an education/research hub, but every time a new project is announced, we ready ourselves for yet another high voltage cold war between the Centre and the state,\" says local lawyer Surendra Nath Mishra.PN Kubele, president of Indian Industries Association (Rae Bareli chapter), says successive non-Congress rule spanning over two decades has seen lockouts and closures in the once favoured destination of graduate engineers. Phases one and two of the oldest industrial area now look like a ghost town. Most of the units have been rented out to the godowns, he says. Out of the 48 functional units, only a few like Birla cement are surviving well.Former IIC president YC Gupta says, \"All our energies are geared towards keeping our head above water. Rae Bareli in non-Congress government has become a butt of political hostility and revenge. The industrial area faces regular rostering.\"A major sore point is roads, which are nearly non-existent in the VVIP pocket borough. Jams and accidents are a routine on Rae Bareli-Sultanpur Road. \"We prepared a list of 64 roads in the town area and sent it to the state government for sanction last year, but there has been no response so far,\" says KL Sharma, constituency in charge of Sonia Gandhi. Similarly, the proposals to hand over five highways to the National Highway Authority of India is taking unduly long. The 84km stretch between Lucknow and Rae Bareli to be developed into a four-lane, is one among the lot which awaits an NOC from Lucknow.Only 10% of the town is covered by sewage line, complains local activist Jitendra Singh Paho. UP government, he alleges, has been sitting over a proposal for Central funding of Rs 180 crore for laying sewer lines here. It is a typical case of Sonia proposes and Maya disposes,\" he wisecracks.However, Congress president Sonia Gandhi has had her share of victories. Lalganj coach factory, a Rs 1,600 crore venture, stands out as the typical example where she could finally have her way after a one year tussle. The factory has kindled hopes of generating jobs for locals along with the kin of disposed farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11369747", "title": "VP conducts inspection of Rumdamolmadrasa", "text": "MARGAO: Following complaints over the construction of an alleged illegal madrasa in the Rumdamol housing board locality, the village panchayat of Rumdamol Davorlim carried out a site inspection on Wednesday.It may be recalled that on Thursday evening, scores of villagers barged into the village panchayat office and confronted the sarpanch over the issue.Tension is palpable among the locals of Rumdamol Davorlim village panchayat over the construction of an allegedly illegal madrasa in the village under the guise of constructing a residential house in the Rumdamol housing board locality.Pointing out that no construction licence was obtained from the village panchayat for the construction by the owner, the villagers had demanded that the panchayat take immediate action against the \"illegal\" madrasa under construction.Locals in a complaint to the Sunni-al-Madina masjid, Rumdamol, also pointed out that there was no need of any more madrasa as one is already in existence in the same locality.During the site inspection, sarpanch Avita Chodankar, along with the other panchayat members and officials, in the presence of police, issued a notice to the owner and assured the villagers of taking stern action against any illegality found.Sources added that a stop work order would be issued to the owner shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11375253", "title": "Barfi will be released worldwide on July 13", "text": "The Ranbir Kapoor-Priyanka Chopra starrer Barfi! will be released worldwide on July 13, UTV Motion Pictures, the production house behind the film has announced.Barfi! is directed by Anurag Basu (who earlier directed Hrithik Roshan in Kites) and also stars south star Ileana as the second lead. The film's music is composed by hitmaker Pritam.Barfi! is said to be a story of a cute young man, whose shrewdness attracts girls but makes cops hate him. He can't speak but is always talked about.A source says, \"After rocking in Rockstar, Ranbir has come out with a fun performance. His naughty antics will click with the kids! Despite dealing with a 'special' person, the film will be a rollercoaster of emotions with a bittersweet climax.\"Priyanka Chopra plays a mentally-challenged person who comes across the character played by Ranbir. The actress reportedly went to a mental asylum to observe inmates and prepare for the role. Ileana is said to play Rabir's friend in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11371098", "title": "25 societies in city apply for polling booths on premises", "text": "PUNE: The election office of the Pune Municipal Corporation received 25 applications from housing societies seeking polling booths on their premises for the February 16 civic election. Setting up of polling stations in shopping malls in the city is likely.The state election commission has directed all municipal commissioners that polling stations could be permitted in housing societies that have 1,000 voters. The municipal commissioners have been given the responsibility to provide security and other basic infrastructure for these polling stations.\"It's just the start of the process and residential societies are coming forward in good numbers seeking polling booths. We have already got 25 applications in the last few days,\" Pravin Ashtikar, election officer in the civic body, said. The applications came from Kothrud, Karvenagar, Pune-Satara Road, Ahmednagar Road and Deccan Gymkhana.Nearly 21.76 lakh people will cast their votes for the civic election and 3,200 polling booths will be required and 21,000 staff would be involved in the process.\"The priority is to make government establishments and infrastructure available for setting up the polling booths, but we are also considering other options,\" said Ashtikar.He said that malls can also have polling booths. If there is a need to take over the malls' premises for setting up polling booths, such a process will be initiated, he added. \"The intention is to encourage more people to vote.These initiatives will help increase voter turnout,\" he said. Fourteen ward-wise returning officers will be appointed for the conduct of election. These officers will coordinate the polling booths in societies and malls in their respective areas. A centralised video monitoring system will be set up in the PMC's building to monitor the work of these offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "11372857", "title": "Cremating a traditional gender bias", "text": "ROURKELA: Breaking the tradition of a son performing the last rites of a deceased parent, a woman cremated her mother and performed all rituals here. Significantly, her brother and family members supported the idea in a bid to send out a message of gender equality.Sources said Tilotama Dash (72), a resident of Koel Nagar locality here died on Tuesday morning. Tilotama has been a well known personality in the locality because of her social work. Her daughter, Binodini Dash, is an ex-councilor from the locality and her son, Surendra Dash, is a well known activist.Following the news's of Tilotama's demise, hundreds of local residents, including some prominent personalities, had paid a visit to her resident to pay their last respects. As per the proposal of their family members and some well wishers, Binodini came forward to give mukhagni (fire to the dead body) to her mother instead of her brother. Accordingly, Binodini performed all the formalities at the Vedvyas crematorium in the presence of hundreds of family members and well wishers. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11371144", "title": "Bangalore: Auto driver planned to dump body in drain", "text": "BANGALORE: Autorickshaw driver P Srinivas alias Srini, 34, killed his paramour M Sarala, 40, in his vehicle on Tuesday afternoon, drove around East Bangalore and surrendered to the Banaswadi police station later that night. But he made a futile effort to dump the body, an investigating officer said.A police team took Srini on Wednesday to HRBR Layout where he allegedly killed Sarala and then to all the places he drove around with the corpse to reconstruct the crime.\"He took us to the BDA drain and said he stood there for around 15 minutes. Though he didn't disclose why he stood there, we strongly suspect he may have tried to throw the body into the drain,\" police said.But a 7-metre-high fence appears to have foiled Srini's plans and he surrendered to police.On Wednesday, the Bansawadi police produced him before the court and took him into police custody for investigation.Srini allegedly strangled Sarala when she refused to return the Rs 5 lakh he had lent her. The duo had an affair for over five years. When Srini demanded his money back, Sarala threatened to file a rape case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11371038", "title": "Knowledge park under fire for violation of rules", "text": "BANGALORE: At a time when the focus is on rooting out corruption in government, Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) is under attack for its decision to allot partial occupancy certificate to C and D Blocks of the Knowledge Park building in Bannerghatta. This despite the fact that Bangalore Housing Development and Investment (BHDI), the land owners, had filed an objection to corporation commissioner and revoked the power of attorney of builders IBC Knowledge Park.BHDI owned 13 acres 13 guntas of land bearing corporation No.4/1 on Bannerghatta road. It entered into a joint agreement deal with IBC Knowledge Park for developing commercial and office buildings. After obtaining the General Power of Attorney (GPA ) from BHDI, IBCKP obtained plan sanction in August 2001 to build seven blocks (A to G).The builders finished work on A and B blocks and obtained occupancy certificate from BBMP. Soon after getting it, of the two portions where E, F and G blocks were proposed for construction, BHDI sold one portion to New India Hotels and Resorts Ltd and the other to IBCKP (P) Ltd in Sept 2005.IBCKP then built C and D blocks totally deviating from the sanctioned plan. According to it, 1308 sqft car parking area was required but the builder converted this for commercial and office use and rented it out for a monthly rent of Rs 2-3 crore from 10 tenants.BHDI filed an objection with former corporation commissioner S Subramanya and withdrew the GPA. Meanwhile, IBCKP applied and got a second modified plan with the collusion of a few decision makers in BBMP. The builder obtained a sanction for the entire property without disclosing the fact that two portions were already sold. The commissioner ordered an inquiry and after it, passed an order in October 2007 suspending the second modified plan and said no occupancy certificate should be given for C and D blocks and that no work should be carried out on E and G blocks.The chief auditor raised a couple of objections and from the audit report, the builder needed to cough up a fine of Rs 4.71 crore which BBMP reduced to Rs 85 lakh in October last and gave a partial occupancy certificate to the builder who has not addressed the requirements sought by the earlier commissioner.Yunus Zia, MD, IBCKP, when asked about gross deviations from plans during construction and on purchase of portions of land from BHDI, said: \"We've been following all BBMP norms and I have got a sanction for a third modified plan. There is no deviation and violation of sanctioned plan. As regards purchase of land, New India Hotels and Resorts Ltd is a sister concern of IBC Knowledge Park and there is no dispute about this.\"CommissionerspeakWe're looking at all the complaints and we'll take action if required. How the BBMP issued a partial occupany certificate to IBCKP for C and D blocks, a car parking area housing 10 tenants, and how the builder started work on land already sold defies logic.M K Shankarlinge Gowda | commissioner, bbmp", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lalgarh", "code": "11370156", "title": "Stress in Red zone behind fragging", "text": "LALGARH: Stress of fighting the Maoists is taking its toll. And it is this stress that is being attributed to the fragging incident at Lalgarh's Shilapara camp on Tuesday night.Like most fragging incidents, the one on Tuesday night at CRPF's Shilapara camp in Jangalmahal's Lalgarh too is being attributed to stress in the Maoist battle zone.Head constable R Tulsidharan, 43, who shot two constables dead before turning his AK-47 rifle on himself, is said to have been heavily stressed out. Colleagues admitted that the 90-odd jawans under him in the Shilapara camp would often pester him for leave or lighter duties while the orders were to send them for regular operations against the Maoists in Jangalmahal. Jawans would even try to bunk patrol duties in the Maoist-dominated forests. This left him irritated, said colleagues.\"The heavy work pressure, that included preparing his constables duty rosters, ensured he couldn't take leave himself. It's been over a year since he last visited his family at Maranalloor village in Kerala's Trivandrum district,\" said a jawan who didn't want to be named.Jawans at the camp said trouble had been brewing for the past one week between Tulsidharan and the two constables he killed. The dead constables - R Kumar, 37, of Pammam village in Kanyakumari, Tamil Nadu and Riyaz Ahmed Bhat, 29, of Gundihakura, Jammu and Kashmir - had been pestering Tulsidharan, seeking less strenuous duties and would regularly argue with their boss if he didn't heed their request.Jawans in the camp claimed that the two constables were among the most reluctant to go patrols that often placed them in harms way of the Maoists. Things reached such a point that the head constable was forced to take the two constables off the field and, instead, assigned them work in the camp for the last two days - Monday and Tuesday. But the duo were clearly told that they would be back on patrol duty from Wednesday.With that cushy stint about to end, the two went to meet Tulsidharan at the camp office around 8 pm on Tuesday. Apparently, an altercation broke out between the constables and Tulsidharan. The already stressed head constable opened fire from his AK-47 service rifle at Kumar and Bhat.On hearing the sudden gun shots, the other jawans in Shilapara camp initially thought it was a Maoist attack. The alerted jawans looked around the camp but saw no trace of anyone. Neither were more shots being fired. Some then headed for the camp office only to find Kumar ad Bhat lying dead and Tulsidharan standing, rifle in hand. Fearing that the head constable might fire at them too, the jawans didn't proceed towards him from the front. Moments later, Tulsidharan spotted some jawans approaching him from the back. At this stage, he turned his rifle at himself and fired. Tulsidharan succumbed to bullet wounds he sustained on the left side of his chest. Bullets had struck Kumar and Bhat on the throat.Refusing to elaborate on possible causes behind the incident, CRPF CRO for the camp, Mahesh Nalawade said the incident firng and deaths was under investigation. He declined comment on Tulsidharan being stressed.All three bodies were recovered around 2 a.m. on Wednesday when West Midnapore police officers, including DSP operations Anish Sarkar reached the spot at Belatikri, 4 km from Lalgarh police station. Around 8.30 a.m. on Wednesday, the bodies were brought to Midnapore Medical college for autopsies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11371034", "title": "New DC rules diminish quality of life: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: The new development control rules (DCR) to streamline building approvals, okayed by the CM on Tuesday, may succeed in reining in errant builders, but there is criticism that they do little to improve your quality of life.The policy's emphasis, activists said, is mainly on how much revenue the BMC can earn by charging builders for areas they used to earlier utilize illegally. While the intention is noble-to break the nexus of builders and civic officials who approve building plans-residents themselves are just an afterthought, they added.The BMC, to give one example, has set restrictions on the height of the ceiling from 4.2 m to 3.9 m as it is often misused to add a mezzanine floor. Experts said limiting ceiling height in a humid city like Mumbai, just because the civic administration does not have the mechanism to check abuse of law, robs those who want high ceilings of that option.\"It is the failure of the system to check the misuse, why should it reduce the occupant's quality of life,\" said an architect. \"Not all can afford air-conditioning. For those who can't, a high ceiling with a fan means more air circulation. The new policy is penalizing the occupant who may not want to break the law.\"Housing activist P K Das said the reduction in the mandatory open space around a building to just 1.5 m means that highrises will be barely 10 ft apart from each other. \"Lack of privacy, light and ventilation adversely affect quality of life. With boundary walls built within buildings with a meagre setback area, fire engines can never enter a plot and it is impossible to fight a fire at the rear of a building,\" he said.Das said when the policy was being formulated, he had suggested a minimum compulsory open space of 3 m around a building, although municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar had recommended 6 m. But many elected representatives, including Congress MLAs, protested. They countered that redevelopment projects in the island city would not take off because most plots are extremely narrow.Dr Altaf Patel of Jaslok Hospital said, \"Noise and stress levels are going up, and lack of privacy is so great that it is causing frustration and mental problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11374721", "title": "BJYM to observe January 12 as Yuwa Diwas", "text": "INDORE: Thousands of BJP youth activists would turn up at Potdar Plaza near Gandhi Hall on Vivekananda Jayanti on January 12.The youth activists would take a resolution to work for party's success in the upcoming 2013 Assembly elections in Madhya Pradesh. The BJP Youth wing will observe the day as Yuwa Diwas.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, BJP state unit chief Prabhat Jha, organizational general secretary Arvind Menon, minister for industries and information technology Kailash Vijayawargiya, health minister Mahendra Hardia, State BJYM unit chief Jeetu Jerati and local MLAs are expected to attend the programme. Golu Shukla, BJYM city president said divisional level meetings are being organized to ensure the succss of the programme.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and BJP state unit chief Prabhat Jha are expected to attend", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11368915", "title": "ASHA volunteers take out morcha", "text": "YAVATMAL: Hundreds of volunteers of ASHA (Accredited Social Health Activist) union and Mid-day Meal Workers' Union took out a protest morcha to Yavatmal Zilla Parishad to press for their various demands on Wednesday.District unit president of ASHA union Kusum Taksande informed that the government had introduced the National Rural Health Mission across the district aiming to improve the health of the rural population on the lines of ongoing Anganwadi programme.The project was nicknamed as ASHA and the women workers were employed temporarily to prepare nutritious food for rural school children. However, there is no job security for these activists who get meager wages that too are not regularly paid.The activists had earlier made number of representations to the state government to highlight their woes but in vain. Taksande alleged that despite state government's circular, dated February 2, 2011, over ASHA wages, nothing had been done by local authorities till date.ASHA union has submitted a fresh charter of demands to the chief executive officer of Yavatmal Zilla Parishad demanding salary of Rs 6,000 per month on the basis of Minimum Wages Act 1948, job security, regularization of service, roll back of the current contract basis, no retrenchment of employees on duty, no fresh appointment till the existing staff was confirmed etc.State general secretary of INTUC Tukaram Bhasme, district president PP Ghadge, secretary Divakar Nagpure, other office bearers and members of both the unions came out in large numbers to support the protesters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11372745", "title": "Republic Day venue likely to be shifted to Khanapara Veterinary College Ground", "text": "GUWAHATI: This year, the state government's Republic Day celebration is likely to be held at the Khanapara Veterinary College Ground instead of Latasil playground with the Gauhati high court asking the state government to make its stand clear on the issue by January 9.In January, 2011, Pulin Das and 13 others of the Latasil area, in a writ petition (224/11), prayed to the high court to protect the Latasil playground. The petitioners demanded shifting of Republic Day and Independence Day celebrations from Latasil to a different site and said the playground should be used only for sports.The single-bench court, on Tuesday in a hearing of the case, asked the state government to make its stand clear on the matter. \"The state government is going to come up with a reply on Monday,\" said additional advocate of Assam government Devajit Saikia.A source said the state government has already decided to shift the celebrations to Khanapara veterinary college ground. However, it's still awaiting security clearance. \"We have already chosen the Khanapara ground. But the home department is yet to give us the green light. Security is the main concern in the case,\" said a top official.Save Guwahati Build Guwahati (SGBG), a civil society group, on Wednesday reposed faith in the judiciary and said the high court would surely give a judgment in favour of the playground.\"We have been praying to chief minister Tarun Gogoi for the last two years to stop Republic Day and Independence Day celebrations. Whenever the government uses the playground for such purposes, it stops all sports activities there for at least a month. Besides, the ground also gets damaged because of temporary structures which are set up for such occasions,\" said SGBG president Dhiren Baruah.The state government, in a reply to the SGBG prayer earlier, said the Latasil playground would be used for Republic Day and Independence Day celebrations temporarily and that it would soon fix a different venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369897", "title": "2 killed as canter rams auto on e-way", "text": "GURGAON: An NSG commando and an auto-rickshaw driver were killed in an accident on Delhi-Gurgaon expressway on Tuesday night. The victims were in the auto-rickshaw which was hit by a canter from behind when they were heading towards Delhi.According to police, the incident took place near Hero Honda Chowk around 2am on Wednesday. Cops said that 32-year-old Nageshwariyaji, a native of Andhra Pradesh who was working with the NSG as a commando in special action group in Manesar. Cops said that he was granted leave of one month on Tuesday and he was going to catch a train at Nizamuddin railway station.Nageshwariyaji had hired an auto-rickshaw with Delhi registration number, DL1 RL 3277. The auto-rickshaw had entered the NSG campus around 11.59pm and the commando had left the campus with his luggage a few minutes later. Before the auto reached Hero Honda Chowk, a canter was speeding from behind.Investigators said a truck was stationary at that spot due to a breakdown. When the canter sped to overtake the truck it hit the auto. The collision was so severe that the auto-rickshaw was mangled beyond recognition.Both the victims were entangled in the auto-rickshaw. Police and local residents took out the two and rushed them to a private hospital in critical condition. But by the time they reached hospital, both had succumbed to injuries.The auto driver was identified as 25-year-old Pushpendra, a resident of Suroli village of Farrukhabad ( Uttar Pradesh ).\"We have lodged an FIR against the canter driver and have taken the vehicle into our custody. Soon we will arrest the accused,\" said ASI Devendra, who is investigating the case. The city police have already issued a guideline to the expressway concessionaire about the illegal parking. According to the norms issued, it is the duty of the concessionaire to keep a vigil on the stretch and inform the traffic police the moment they spot any such vehicle parked illegally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370285", "title": "GU senate elections in Feb", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Elections for the ten seats of the Gujarat University (GU) senate will be held on February 26. Student candidates affiliated with the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad ( ABVP) and National Students Union of India (NSUI) are main contenders for these elections.GU officials said that the list of 50-odd class representatives from different colleges is being prepared for the forthcoming elections.The counting of votes will be held on February 29. The NSUI has already declared the list of probable candidates.Till last year, the GU senate elections were held for 11 seats of different faculties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369502", "title": "State challenges order to compensate Mahajan wife", "text": "MUMBAI: The home department has decided to seek legal opinion on the order passed by the Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission (MSHRC) directing the state to pay Rs 7 lakh to Sarangi Mahajan, wife of late Pravin Mahajan, for medical negligence by jail doctors in treating her husband, during his stay in Nashik central prison.\"Once the home department gets the copy, we will take legal opinion on the order,\" Medha Gadgil, principal secretary, home department said.Sarangi had approached the MSHRC after Mahajan died in a private hospital in Thane in 2010. She had alleged negligence by jail doctors. The MSHRC stated that the doctors' approach was casual in treating Mahajan.However, a home department official said doctors do not take causal approach towards any jail inmate. \"I doubt that doctors would have neglected a high-profile prisoner like Pravin Mahajan,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370200", "title": "Anna effect: UP voters explore the right to reject", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Anna effect has increased curiosity in the \"right to reject\" among UP voters. Queries are coming up on how to use the provision and the difference it could make to the poll results. The Election Commission will train presiding officers on the exercise of this option.The right to reject is well within the reach of a voter, provided he exercises it. Clause 49(O) of the Conduct of Election Rules, 1961, gives voters the right to exercise their franchise and yet not vote, if they don't find any of the candidates suitable. \"The voter can take this decision at the last moment,\" a senior poll panel official said.People can visit a polling booth, complete formalities and come out without casting the vote. \"In that case too, the person gets an ink mark on his finger,\" the official said. This signifies that the person has exercised his right to vote.But the use of the provision is not easy. \"In previous elections, we noticed presiding officers often didn't know about the option, which made its use cumbersome,\" IC Dwivedi of Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), UP, said.WAY TO A NO-VOTEThe law enables a voter to decline casting his vote at the last stage If he decides not to vote after signing the register, he must inform the presiding officer immediately Presiding officer takes back voters' slip and records in register that voter has declined to exercise right Voter will have to sign on register to verify his decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11374176", "title": "Fog engulfs city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city witnessed dense fog on Wednesday morning. However, the day was sunny, bringing relief to people. Met officials said the minimum and maximum temperatures recorded were 10 and 21.3 degrees Celsius respectively. The city will also see fog on Thursday, they added.While most people remained indoors in the morning, they began coming out as the Sun appeared.Clash: Two groups of sadhus reportedly clashed at Khak Chowk in Magh Mela area on Wednesday over the issue of allotment of land for setting up pandals inside the Magh Mela. Heated exchanges took place between the two groups who questioned each other's rights over a particular piece of land in Khak Chowk area. However they were persuaded by Mela officials after which the two groups dispersed from the spot.Election: Election of Chairman and Vice Chairman of UP Bar Council was held in which Vinod Kumar Singh, Additional Advocate General of UP has been unanimously declared Chairman and Panchu Ram Maurya, Advocate High Court declared Vice Chairman of Bar Council of UP. Their term will be effective from January 3, 2012.Martyrdom: To commemorate the martyrdom of Hazrat Imam Husain and his followers, Anjuman-E-Ghuncha-E-Qasimia will perform Nauha and Matam at various Imambaras of the city from January 5 to 18, informed Syed Mohammad Askari.Examination: UP Rajarshi Tandon Open Universites December-2011 sessions examination is going to start from January 27, 2012. Last date of submission of assignment of such students is January 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368553", "title": "\u2018SC can\u2019t seek RTI exemption for CJI office as case is pending\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has observed that the Supreme Court cannot demand blanket exemption of information held by the office of the Chief Justice of India while a case is pending before it. While admitting that not all matters related to SC's in-house procedures and vigilance matters can be disclosed the CIC said that if the legislature had intended for complete exclusion of the office of the CJI from the scope of the RTI Act, it would have kept an express provision for the purpose.The Commission also ruled that the procedure of judges' appointment should be in the public domain while asking the apex court to disclose communication between CJI and the law ministry on the question of proposed changes in appointment procedure for judges.Hearing cases related to the SC filed by activist S C Agrawal, chief information commissioner Satyananda Mishra said, \"While we concede that due to the stay granted by the Supreme Court, all information relating to the in-house procedure of the Supreme Court and vigilance matters relating to the Judges of the High Courts and the Supreme Court should not be disclosed we cannot agree that every information held in the office of the CJI should not be disclosed till the Constitutional Bench officially disposes of the issues referred to it by the Division Bench....Acceptance of this argument would virtually mean the complete exclusion of the CJI from the scope of the RTI Act which certainly is not the case.''He said the claim that said file containing the correspondence between the law ministry and the CJI is not available with the registry may be true but it does not clarify if this is available anywhere else in the SC such as in the office of the CJI or not.\"Therefore, the CPIO must look for this information once again and, if found, provide to the appellant. We direct the CPIO to do so within 10 working days of getting this order,\" he saidThe Commission has also directed that procedure of appointment of judges should be disclosed and not seen as providing information on individual cases. \"The procedure of appointment of judges or any proposal for modifying that procedure should necessarily be available in the public domain so that the citizens know what is transpiring among the major stake holders, in this case, the government of India and the CJI, in respect of such a vital matter as the appointment of judges to the High Courts and Supreme Court of India,\" Mishra said in an order.Rejecting the arguments of the SC that the information related to judges' appointment cannot be disclosed as there is a stay, the Commissioner said a distinction needs to be made between the process of appointment of an individual as a judge and the procedure for making such appointments.The case relates to plea of activist Subhash Agrawal seeking disclosure of law ministry's draft of revised memorandum of procedure of appointment of judges in higher courts and the related exchange of communication between the then CJI K G Balakrishnan and the law minister.The Supreme Court Registry had objected citing a pending stay on disclosure of information related to the in-house procedure of appointment of judges and said the details sought by the applicant do no constitute \"information\" under RTI.It said the office of CJI was not constitutionally or statutorily required to hold this information hence it does not come under section 2(j) of the RTI Act. Both the arguments were rejected by CIC.In his order, Mishra said, \"If the Union law minister has proposed in a certain communication to the CJI about a modification of the existing procedure and if the CJI has responded to him with his view, this correspondence cannot be equated to the appointment of a particular individual as a judge under the existing procedure.''\"It cannot be anybody's case that the change in procedure of judges should happen completely outside the notice or the knowledge of the citizens of India and that the citizens of India should not be given an opportunity to articulate their views. The objective of the RTI Act is precisely to help create an informed citizenry so that it can hold the state and its instrumentalities to account,\" Mishra said.He said although the procedure of appointment of judges is freely available in public domain, the details of appointment made through such a procedure cannot be disclosed now since there is an express stay against the disclosure of such information.\"If the Union law minister has proposed in a certain communication to the CJI about a modification of the existing procedure and if the CJI has responded to him with his view, this correspondence cannot be equated to the appointment of a particular individual as a judge under the existing procedure,\" he said.Mishra said the information sought by Agrawal does not fall in the category whose disclosure has been stayed by the Supreme Court.On the question of details not coming under definition of information under the RTI Act, Mishra said the argument of the advocate for the Supreme Court that the scope of the RTI as defined in Section 2(j) does not include such information is not acceptable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11372752", "title": "Kamrup transport administration observes Road Safety Week", "text": "GUWAHATI: The district transport administration, Kamrup is observing the '23rd Road Safety Week' since January 1 with the theme of 'accident brings tears, safety brings cheers'. The week-long programme this year is mainly concentrating on educating school students on various road safety measures.\"We are giving an hour long class to students here to make them aware of the latest traffic signs and other traffic laws. Spot essay writing and quiz competition are also being organised to encourage them. The winners of the quiz competition will be given cash prize,\" said Dwijen Das, DTO Kamrup (metro).The transport department has prepared an audiovisual presentation, which is being shown to school students here. \"The state-wide essay writing competition is undergoing. The winners will be selected soon. Already 60 essays have been collected from across the state,\" he added.The city traffic police are also running a drive on drunken driving here. \"We are running the alcohol breath testing in the city and penalizing drunk drivers. The traffic department is going to be strict on drunken driving cases as our motto is to save human lives,\" said the city traffic police, S P Vivekananda Das.The city traffic police have also organised street plays across the city to make people aware of traffic laws and road safety.Besides, on Wednesday the transport department gave training to more than 200 drivers of trucks and other heavy vehicles on 'how to take extra precautions while driving with hazardous goods'.\"On Tuesday, we trained bus drivers while truck drivers were trained on Wednesday. We have taught them the latest road signs and electric road signals. They were also taught to handle emergency situations,\" said the DTO.Apart from these, there will be free eye and health check-up for the drivers during the week-long celebration. The road safety week will end on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11368778", "title": "Court upholds firemen's termination", "text": "MUMBAI: Seventeen firemen of the Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC), who were given marching orders last month for not fulfilling the recruitment criteria, lost their case in the Thane labour court on Wednesday.MBMC municipal commissioner Vikram Kumar had terminated the services of the seventeen men who had been appointed in June 2010 and May 2011 by then civic chief Shivmurti Naik.Their recruitment was termed fraudulent by chief fire officer (in-charge) Classo Fernandes, who questioned the educational and technical competence of the firefighters. Fernandes also wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, asking Chavan not to hold him responsible for any mishaps caused by these firemen during rescue operations.Most of the appointees were not trained in basic fire-fighting skills and had worked as sweepers and peons.The firemen challenged the termination in the labour court, which ruled against them. The court has given them time till January 16 to appeal to the industrial tribunal. During this period, the court has directed the civic administration to retain them in service. tnnMumbai: The 17 firemen of the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) who were terminated from service last month for not fulfilling the recruitment criteria lost their case in the Thane labour court.The MBMC Municipal Commissioner Vikram Kumar had terminated the services of the firefighters who were appointed in June 2010 and May 2011 by then municipal commissioner Shivmurti Naik. The recruitment had been termed fraudulent by the Chief Fire Officer (incharge) Classo Fernandes who had questioned the educational and technical competence of the fire fighters. Fernandes also wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to not hold him responsible for any mishaps caused by the firemen during rescue operations. Most of the appointees were not trained even in basic fire fighting skills and had worked as sweepers and peons.The fire fighters had challenged the termination in the labour court which ruled against them. While the recruits were expected to have certificates from institutions approved by the Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education, the 20 firemen had obtained and submitted certificates from private institutes in Pune and Aurangabad.The fire fighters including two leading firemen, a driver and 14 firemen were to be terminated from service from December 22. The labour court has, however, given them time till January 16 to appeal to the Industrial tribunal. During this period, the court has directed the civic administration to keep them in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370852", "title": "20% is enough to get admission in BA", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a significant decision by Panjab University, rules have now been relaxed for admission to first year of graduation for poor performers in Class XII.In a bid to provide an opportunity to all students to attain higher education , applicants with marks as less as 20% in any stream in Class XII can secure admission to BA, BCom, BSc, BCA, BBA courses. The new rule shall be applicable for admission to first year of graduation across all colleges affiliated with PU and has been passed by the university's highest governing body, the senate.\"The cut-off in streams like BSc and BCom is anyways on a higher side and students are admitted on merit basis. Hence, now students with compartment in one subject will be given a chance to compete,\" said Prabjit Singh, a PU senate member.The prime benefiters of the new rule, he added, would be those students who hail from a modest background or are seeking admission to Bachelors of Arts.A recommendation to permit students with compartment in any one subject was first given by a committee in its meeting on July 28, 2011. The members resolved that the student must have attained 20% marks in total in practical and theory exam. The proposal was subsequently passed in the syndicate on August 28, 2011 and brought to the senate in December, 2011.\"The new rule shall be applicable to students who have completed their Class XII from any board including PSEB. Any student with below 20% must not be permitted to apply for first year admission,\" added a PU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11372441", "title": "MSCP names 17 candidates for Manipur polls", "text": "IMPHAL: With the Election Commission issuing a formal notification of the 10th Manipur assembly elections on Wednesday, the Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP) has released its first list of 17 candidates, including Okram Henry, nephew of chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh .Henry will fight in Wangkhei, the constituency of Congress's \"tough minister\" and Ibobi Singh's old rival Yumkham Erabot Singh. Five former MLAs - Y Mani, Vivek Raj Wangkhem, Jainson Haokip, Onjamang Haokip and L Lala - former Manipur additional DGP N Shyamananda Singh and Okram Henry, nephew of chief minister, are among the 17 candidates announced by MSCP on Wednesday. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi/lucknow", "code": "11367914", "title": "CBI raids Kushwaha, arrest likely", "text": "NEW DELHI/LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation has registered five cases in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam in Uttar Pradesh and conducted inter-state raids at 60 places after naming former Family Welfare minister of UP Babu Singh Kushwaha in one of the cases. Kushwaha's residence was also raided by the agency, a day after he joined the BJP after being sacked from the BSP by Mayawati.The agency also raided homes of several other officials of the UP government and PSUs and detained former Director General (Family Welfare) S P Ram and others. CBI sources claimed Kushwaha was likely to be arrested soon. The influential politician, who was once close to Mayawati , was family welfare minister when the scam is supposed to have originated. He was sacked in April 2011 soon after chief medical officer B P Singh was murdered and lid on the swindle blew off. Singh's predecessor V K Arya had also been shot in a similar manner and deputy CMO Y S Sachan was arrested on suspicion of masterminding the two killings. Mysteriously, Sachan was found dead in Lucknow jail soon after his arrest.During raids on premises of general manager (constructions and design services of UP Jal Nigam), P K Jain, CBI found three kg of gold and Rs 1.10 crore in cash. Raids were also conducted at homes of BSP MLC Ram Chandra Pradhan. Several relatives of Kushwaha were questioned.Kushwaha insisted he was innocent. \"I am open to any investigation. The CBI must conduct an impartial probe and I will come out clean,\" he told reporters in Lucknow.The agency said it registered five cases on Monday in connection with corruption in awarding contracts by UP's Family Welfare department for implementation of NRHM scheme in the state. The cases were registered by turning two Preliminary Enquiries (PEs). Three other PEs relating to UP's health department also probed former health minister Anant Mishra. The agency has estimated Rs 28 crore loss in these five cases so far.The CBI probe is focused on alleged irregularities in utilizing Rs 10,000 crore allocated under the National Rural Health Mission to the BSP-ruled state. These funds were allocated for 2005-06 till date by the Union Health and Family Welfare Ministry.About 300 CBI officers conducted raids across four states - UP, Delhi, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh - and found large number of incriminating documents. The raids began on Wednesday morning, a day after CBI procured warrants. They raided 60 places, including Amethi, Ghaziabad, Agra, Moradabad, Noida, Bareilly (all in UP), Sonepat (Haryana), Gwalior (Madhya Pradesh) and Delhi.The first case is based on one PE about upgrade of 134 district hospitals for Rs 13.4 crore by C&DS;, a unit of UP Jal Nigam. Kushwaha has been named an accused along with P K Jain, private company Surgicoin and other family welfare department officials in this FIR. The probe revealed the work was given to Ghaziabad's Surgicoin on the basis of bogus/ forged documents. Material used in hospitals were of poor quality. There was an approximate Rs 5.46 crore loss in this contract for which Kushwaha and others had floated tenders but there were irregularities in choosing the company and rates were exorbitant.Four other cases were registered in another PE related to contracts of UP's Family Welfare department. \"These four cases relate to alleged irregularities in awarding contracts in the procurement/ purchase of medicine and medicinal equipment, expenditure incurred on printing of publicity material, hoardings, banners, by unknown officials of Directorate General (Family Welfare) in connivance with certain private persons. These items were procured through state-owned PSUs at exorbitant rates, four-five times more than the prevailing market rates,\" said Dharini Mishra, CBI spokesman.In the second case, then DG Family Welfare S P Ram and others had given contract in pre-decided manner to procure medical equipment worth Rs 4.42 crore to Guru Kripa (Moradabad) and Kapil Medical Agency (Moradabad) causing Rs 1.5 crore loss.In the third case, tenders were awarded at exorbitant rates to buy outdoor media material like hoardings, flex banners, signages to Sidhi Traders (Moradabad) for Rs 13.7 crore by Family Welfare Directorate General officials. There was a loss of Rs 8 crore in this contract.In the fourth case, the contract to procure medical kits was given to Surgicoin for Rs 31.59 crore at exorbitant rates by DG Family Welfare officials causing Rs 10 crore loss.In the fifth case, contract of procurement/ purchase of computers by state health society through Shreeton India, in which the PSU paid advance money to private companies - Radhey Shyam Enterprises and Axis Marketing - even before tender was floated. There was Rs 2.93 crore loss in this contract. DG Family Welfare Officials were booked in this case.CBI officers said all the accused have been charged under various sections, including cheating, criminal misconduct, criminal conspiracy and criminal breach of trust and the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370746", "title": "Now, \u2018sector policing\u2019 to tackle crime", "text": "CHENNAI: After beat policing, it is now 'sector policing' for the city police in an attempt to check the growing incidence of crime. As per the scheme introduced in all the four zones in October last year, every police station limit has been divided into two to three sectors according to the distance and population. An officer of the rank of sub-inspector or head constable will be the sector officer.Sector policing, a senior police officer said, was expected to help keep tabs on the localities as well as the locals and new entrants. \"The same officials will patrol the area routinely in three shifts,\" a senior officer told TOI.The sector police have been using yellow and blue two-wheelers and a jeep for their visits, he said. \"In case something major happens, the sector police can call for more forces. Under this system, help can reach the spot easily,\" another police officer said.\"Gradually,the police personnel on duty on the street willbuild a good rapportwith the locals to ensure they get all sorts of information about any illegal activities in the area,\" the police officer said. A sub-inspector who is part of the Adyar police station limits said: \"It's a good chance of meeting locals daily. We also meet local leaders. We know which area will be flooded or which will be damaged during heavy rain.\"Police commissioner J K Tripathy said : \"Reporting and detection of chain snatchings and house breakins have come down due to this system .\"Policeclaim thesouth and west zones have particularly benefited . \"Theschemehelps us ensure visible policing in the suburbs and makes it easy to deploy police personnel at all corners,\" joint commissioner (west) K Sankar said . He also said the system helps to feed more intelligent inputs to the headquarters with in short time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11368580", "title": "Tension in Malkapur GP", "text": "AKOLA: Tension prevailed in Malkapur gram panchayat area near Akola on Wednesday evening after some Buddhist community members claimed ownership of land reserved for an Anganwadi project. Some Hindus objected to this, leading to tension. The Buddhist community hoisted a flag and placed pictures of Lord Buddha and Dr Ambedkar on the disputed land.Sensing trouble, police force was summoned to the spot. To avoid any action, many women staged a sit-in at the spot. The police had to call in women cops to handle the protesting women. When the extra force arrived, the Buddhist community members started pelting stones, injuring one PSI and two others.The cops had to lathi charge the protesters. Some 25 women and 15 men have been booked, and are being rounded up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370855", "title": "The concept of a family physician is pass\u00e9", "text": "CHENNAI: After reading about Monday's murder of a woman doctor in Tuticorin, a well-known physician in Chennai, with over 60 years of practice, wanted to believe the incident was an exception. But deep down, he knew the doctor-patient relationship had hit a new low.The doctor, who did not wish to be named, admitted that though no doctor intended to be callous, lack of an organized health care system had affected the quality of care. Many patients in specialty out-patient clinics are self-referred . Family physicians are passe .\"In our days, patients were sent to specialists only on referrals. Neither did patients directly approach them nor did specialists see them without a note from family physicians,\" he said. Misdirected self-referrals have often led to misdiagnosis or needless treatment , eroding trust and respect.Even today, at his clinic, the doctor spends 30 minutes to 1 hour with each patient. The consultation involves a chat about the problems, medical examination , description of the diagnosis and a feedback from the patient. During the talk, be builds the interpersonal relationship and ensures there is mutual trust.\"As you grow older you realize it does not matter how many patients you see. What matters is how well you treat them and how good they feel,\" he said.Most doctors, particularly those in government hospitals, find it impossible to spend time with patients as clinics are crowded. \"Many doctors here may not spend adequate time explaining diseases, treatment or side-effects . But they don't intend to be callous. Very rarely do doctors want to harm patients,\" said Dr Dinakar Moses, who works at the Government Stanley Medical College Hospital.The poor doctor-patient ratio has made most doctors business-like . At times, they even debate on whether they should risk their careers by giving first aid or life-saving treatment for diseases that aren't their specialty.Orthopaedician and former Indian Journal of Medical Ethics editor Dr George Thomas said doctors were often devastated over the loss of patients. \"Doctors top the suicide list, world over. In addition, society has itself become violent. People who believe they have not been given adequate care often attack the doctor. Doctors aren't gods. In some situations, death occurs, whether you care or not,\" he said.TIMES VIEWLike anyone else, doctors have the right to protest, yet the very nature of their profession makes it difficult for them to adopt forms such as strike. They are justified in being angered by the murder of their colleague in Tuticorin. But when thousands of patients have to endure the results of such a protest, the responsibility of the healer's profession comes under a cloud.The government should ensure protection of doctors against such attacks and doctors should evolve other methods to register their protest without putting the ailing in further misery. Boycotting work will only irreparably damage the doctor patient relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370969", "title": "RLA fills vacant posts to ease operations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The office of Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) cam to life again as the administration appointed seven employees to run the public counters at the office. The appointments made these counters operational after a gap of three months and brought a sigh of relief to residents who had to visit RLA.As these seven counters weren't functioning, the burden had increased on the other five counters and hundreds of the residents had to wait in long queues at RLA office.A senior official from RLA said, \"Seven employees joined the department on Wednesday and this will let us manage the crowd in an efficient manner. We will soon provide training to these employees to let the visitors have a better experience while they interact with our employees.\"Earlier, following a report by former additional deputy commissioner (ADC) regarding the financial bungling of around Rs 5 lakh, seven employees were expelled from RLA and a criminal case of cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy under various sections of IPC was registered against them at police station-17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11386508", "title": "Serving a Smash", "text": "Well, well well! It seemed like all the beautiful ladies and macho men of the city had kept themselves free on this particularly wintry Chennai night. The occasion was a get-together to celebrate the spirit of sport.And the tennis champs and fans made the most of this night as they came together in a show of unbridled revelry. The womenfolk were dazzling as usual, showcasing their sense of style in the most understated, not to mention, stunningly sexy way. The mysterious little black dress seemed to be the weapon of choice for most of these lissome lasses. Sonia Agarwal, Shreya, Anukrithi and Ahana amped up the temperature of the do with their drop dead gorgeous ensembles.While the menfolk didn't exactly play second fiddle, they also didn't disappoint as they strutted their stuff in style. Mixing and matching a range of smart casuals, the boys were back in action, and how! With some smashing cocktails and appetite whetting starters, these Chennaiites had found the perfect recipe to get their night started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11372782", "title": "Commendation award for farm university scientist", "text": "LUDHIANA: Indian Society of Agricultural Engineers (ISAE) has selected Anoop Dixit, research engineer, department of farm machinery and power engineering (FMPE), Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), for Commendation Award 2011 in recognition of his outstanding contributions to the field of agricultural engineering.The award will be bestowed upon him during the 46th ISAE annual convention to be held at Govind Ballabh Pant University of Agriculture and Technology, Pantnagar, Uttarakhand, on February 27-29.Dixit is working as research engineer in All India coordinated research project ( AICRP) on farm implements and machinery.He has developed a number of new technologies, which have been recommended by the university for use by farmers. These technologies include walk behind type sprayer, paddy transplanter, mat type nursery sowing technique, paddy straw chopper, groundnut thresher, powered rotary weeder and multi-crop planter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371508", "title": "HC breather for unsuccessful candidates", "text": "PATNA: The Patna High Court (HC) on Wednesday set aside the result of the 53rd-55th Combined Common Preliminary Competitive Examination, 2011, conducted by the Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC).However, the court ruled that successful candidates would not be disturbed and would remain unaffected by the judgement.It may be mentioned that some questions were found to be wrong in the said examination as a result of which some unsuccessful candidates had approached the HC for redressal of their grievances. The expert committee set up on court's earlier directive, which looked into the questions, found nine questions wrong.In view of the wrong questions, a single bench of the HC presided by Justice Ajay Tripathi on Wednesday, while setting aside the result, ordered re-evaluation of the merit list though not disturbing the successful candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371492", "title": "High-security number plates from March 31", "text": "PATNA: The state government has decided to introduce high-security registration plates (HSRPs) in all types of vehicles from March 31.This decision was taken in accordance with a Supreme Court order to vehicles owners to switch over to the new high-security registration plate system.\"We have already filed an affidavit in the SC regarding the firm that is supposed to be entrusted with the responsibility of making such registration plates here. We are planning to start the process by March 31, which is also the deadline set by the court,\" said R K Mahajan, the secretary of the state transport department.The transport department had floated tenders in September last year asking bidders to set up the requisite infrastructure for manufacturing and fixing HSRPs in vehicles here.\"In keeping with the SC directive to follow a single-tendering process, we have already selected a firm that would set up a system of manufacturing and issuing HSRPs in the state,\" said transport commissioner Rahul Singh.\"The cost of the number plates is yet to be decided. It will be fitted at the place designated by the transport department of the state,\" an official said.HSRP has become the talk of the town ever since the ministry of road transport and highways, government of India, amended Rule 50 of the Central Motor Vehicle (CMV) Rules, 1989 to make a uniform pattern of displaying registration mark throughout the country.Under the HSRP system, the registration mark is supposed to be displayed at the front, rear and on the windshields of four-wheelers. It will be made on a 1 mm aluminium foil.The registration mark will have reflective sheets of imperishable nature, guaranteed for at least five years. Each plate shall be protected against counterfeiting by applying chromium-based hologram of hot-stamping containing \"IND\" in blue colour on the left centre of the plate.The HSRP will be tamper-proof and non-replaceable. Any attempt to remove or replace the number plate will break the snap lock making it impossible to install any other number plate in the vehicle.\"The HSRP will result in reduced cases of car-jacking or thefts,\" an official said, adding, \"It would be easy for police to identify stolen vehicles or vehicles involved in crime. No unregistered vehicles would be able to ply on roads after the completion of this new system.\"The existing system of display of registration mark has various flaws like many vehicle owners using fancy registration number plates with undesirable monograms. In the present registration plates, repainting or changing of the plate is very easy, whereby criminals get away unnoticed.\"Every year, the number of registered vehicles here is increasing. The HSRP system would also help in creating computerized data of all old and new registered vehicles,\" said Harihar Prasad of the district transport office.According to the data available at the DTO, the number of all types of vehicles registered in the city in the last three years includes around 44,000 (2008-09), 54,000 (2009-10) and 76,000 (2010-11).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372746", "title": "BJP declares remaining candidates", "text": "KANPUR: BJP has declared candidates for three remaining seats in the district including Govind Nagar where it has fielded a local leader this time.\"The party has declared Satyadeo Pachauri from Govind Nagar and Geeta Sonker from Ghatampur (reserved) and Dinesh Awasthi from newly constituted Bithoor seat as its candidates,\" party sources said. The decision was taken at the central election committee meet held on Wednesday in New Delhi with the declaration of third list of 77 candidates, sources added.The BJP had earlier declared the first and second lists of candidates for UP elections comprising 143 seats and 81 seats respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369248", "title": "Proposal to name an Old Delhi road after Tendulkar draws flak", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Municipal Corporation of Delhi's ( MCD ) naming committee has received a proposal from a councillor to name a road in the Walled City after the cricketer Sachin Tendulkar . The naming committee headed by Delhi Mayor Rajni Abbi will consider the proposal in a meeting on Friday. But the Mayor has quashed the rumour that Chandni Chowk will be renamed after the cricketer.\"We have got a proposal from BJP councillor from Chandni Chowk Suman Gupta, but it doesn't specify any road. He has requested that any road in the Walled City should be renamed after the Sachin Tendulkar. A FM channel has also approached us to rename the road after Tendulkar. The channel claims to have got the support of over two lakh Delhiites. There are several requests from Bollywood celebrities too regarding this. We will consider the request at the meeting and if members agree then we might name a road after him,'' said Abbi. Sources say Gupta was keen on renaming the stretch between Red Fort to Fatehpuri Masjid after the legendary cricketer, but following stiff opposition from local traders and heritage lovers, he said any road in the area could be named after the cricketer.\"Renaming Chandni Chowk as Tendulkar chowk is out of question. We can't play with the heritage of the city. But we would like to honour the cricketer so we would consider the proposal and take a decision with the consent of all the members,'' said Abbi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371459", "title": "ECR GM holds meet with officials", "text": "PATNA: ECR GM Varun Bharthuar held a permanent negotiate meeting (PNM) with senior railway officials and railway union representatives at the ECR headquarters, Hajipur, on Tuesday.Speaking on the occasion, he said that the ECR achieved an impressive earning of about Rs 1,005.61 crore in November, 2011, alone registering an increase of about 11.37 per cent in its revenue during November.The railways, which has taken steps to expedite cases related to appointments on compassionate grounds, disposed of 24 such cases, he said, adding the ECR registered about 13.66 per cent increase in freight services.The GM disclosed that the railways earned about Rs 3,936.45 crore by transporting 59.43 million tonnes of goods. He stressed on the need of better cooperation between the union of railway employees and the officials for an all-round development of the railways in the state.The senior railway officials who attended the meeting included Deepak Chhabra, K Mukhopadhayay, H K Agrawal, B Roy, J S Tewary and R K Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11371001", "title": "Civic body chief may get extension", "text": "MUMBAI: Uncertainty prevails over an extension for municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, who is retiring on January 31. It is felt that since the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) election schedule has been announced, it will be appropriate to grant him a three-month extension.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan was non-committal on an extension for Kumar, an Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer of the 1977 batch.A senior general administration department official said if the government moves a proposal, it will require the Centre's approval. \"There is no precedence of granting an extension to an IAS officer, other than chief secretary. Most chief secretaries have been granted three-six month extensions,'' he said.The official said besides the chief secretary, there is a precedence of granting an extension to the director-general of police. Ajit Parasnis, who retired two months ago, was given an extension as he heads a crucial committee on internal security.The official said the government may push for Kumar's case as he is the nodal officer for smooth conduct of the civic polls. \"Kumar has not sought an extension but in view of the polls, his case should be considered,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11368646", "title": "National seminar on waste managegment held", "text": "GONDIA: The Dhote Bandhoo Science College hosted a national seminar on Tuesday on 'technological options for sustainable solid waste management' and 'synthesis and characterization of therapeutic compounds by using modern techniques', under the auspices of Universities Grant Commission.Vice-chancellor of Nagpur University Dr Vilas Sapkal inaugurated the function while secretary of Gondia education society and MLC Rajendra Jain was present as chief guest.The principal Dr Anjan Naidu welcomed the guest speakers and said that such seminars give opportunities to local students and lecturers to listen to scientists recognized at national level in their subjects. Rajendra Jain expressed pleasure while organizing such programmes in his institution.Dr Sapkal congratulated the management for having organized such a great occasion with grace and sanctity. He also unveiled the annual magazine of the college 'Uddan' on the occasion. The key note speaker a scientist from NEERI Dr AN Vaidya highlighted his expertise in prevention of solid waste management.Dr MB Muley of Marathwada University, ex-member secretary of MPCB Nagpur Dr Boralkar, regional officer of MPCB Nagpur AT Fulmali delivered technical lectures after the break. Hema Deshpande, SS Rathod, MG Chandrikapure, Dr HM Meshram, Dr Rama Pandey, Dr Hemlata Mohabey, Dr HD Juneja and Dr DB Patil were felicitated on the occasion.The seminar was conducted by Pankhuri Shirodkar, Pallavi Tarone, Sumit Choudhary and Amish Kundanani and SP Timande proposed vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11373882", "title": "1.96 lakh to appear for AIEEE online test", "text": "MUMBAI: The numbers of students opting for the computer-based All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) has jumped from a mere 4,900 last year to around 1.96 lakh this year.However, as part of the Central Board of Secondary Education's (CBSE) move to encourage more students to opt for the computer-based test this year, it did not have any centres for paper/pen test (offline exam) in 22 major cities in the country, including Mumbai, Delhi, Bengaluru and Kolkata.Several students who are not confident about the computer-based testing have now opted for exam centres in neighbouring smaller cities or satellite towns in order to avoid it.AIEEE is one of the largest entrance exams conducted across the country by CBSE, with more than 10 lakh students aspiring to take the test every year. While last year, around 11.13 lakh students applied for the exam, this year the numbers of applications received by the board is around 13 lakhs, almost a 16 % rise. This was the first year that CBSE made online application compulsory for all offline and online takers of examination. In the second year of implementation of the online exam, the total numbers of students taking the online exam has risen from 4% last year to 15% this year of the total numbers of applications.CBSE spokesperson, Rama Sharma, \"Last year, there was no problem in the implementation of the online exam. Though the numbers were less, it was conducted in a smooth manner. This year, more students have opted for it. The test scores of AIEEE are accepted by several institutes in the country and therefore the overall demand also is high.\" Several students are worried about the online application process as their pages are not confirmed. Sharma, however, said that the information uploaded is being processed and therefore will take time to show confirmation. \"Students have time till January 10 to make corrections in their forms if they need to,\" added Sharma.However, not all students are confident about the computer-based testing. According to Aakash Chaudhry, director of Aakash Institute, which runs coaching centres across the country, said, \"Several of my students in Delhi have opted for centres in neighbouring cities like Faridabad as they were not confident about the online test. Seeing the experience of students in Common Admission Test ( CAT) for management in the first two years, students are little worried to take the risk. Though the process will settle down in the next one or two years, students are not willing to risk their careers.\" Chaudhry believes that online examination in future might reduce malpractices that prevail in the paper/pen test.One of the students from Andheri said, \"When we were applying for the exam, we were told that for offline test, we will have to travel to Thane. If there were not enough centres in Thane, we would have to travel even further, which would have inconvenienced me on the day of the exam. So I have opted for online exam and I am hoping for the best.\" Another student from Juhu, however, said that online exam was convenient for her as it would give her more time to prepare. Offline exam would be conducted only on April 29, online can be taken from May 7 to May 26.Avnita Bir, principal of RN Podar High School, said, \"Increasing numbers of colleges have started giving preference to AIEEE scores. Therefore the numbers are increasing. These days most of the entrance exams are moving to computer-based testing, CBSE is training the students early on. It has also uploaded mock test software which will familiarise the students with the online exam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370975", "title": "Getting fleeced all the way to Delhi", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With travelling from Chandigarh to Delhi being no cakewalk these days due to the dense fog, resulting in delay of flights, trains and buses, the city-based taxi service operators are fleecing hapless people, who need to reach the National Capital.People are willing to fork out as much as Rs 6,000 to Rs 7,500 for a one-way trip to Delhi in the wake of flights getting cancelled everyday and no guarantee of trains reaching on time due to the dense fog.The normal fare for an ordinary taxi is around Rs 4,800 to Rs 5,000 one way and that of a luxury vehicle is around Rs 9,500 to Rs 10,000. However, these days some private taxi operators are charging as much Rs 7,500 one way for an ordinary vehicle, and around Rs 14,000 for a luxury vehicle.A taxi operator in Sector 15 said, \"People are desperate to reach Delhi after their holidays in the Tricity. Our booking diaries are full because of so many people preferring taxis over air and train journeys.\"The journey to Delhi has become really difficult due to the heavy fog all along the way, with some of our taxis reaching there even after around ten hours.\"Speaking to TOI, Neeraj Mohan, a resident of Sector 23, said, \"My uncle had his flight to the US scheduled for early Wednesday and so had no option but pay a hefty amount to get a taxi. He ended up paying around Rs 12,500 for a Honda City, which he could have hired for around Rs 8,500 to Rs 9,000 during normal times.\"Rajesh Kumar, a resident of phase-II in Mohali, said, \"With trains and flights being delayed or cancelled and bus tickets proving extremely hard to get, people have no choice but to pay exorbitant rates to taxi operators.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370767", "title": "Hit by a stone on train, young GRP cop dies", "text": "MUMBAI: A 28-year-old constable with the Government Railway Police (GRP) died on Wednesday, two days after he was hit by a stone on his forehead near Seawoods Darave station on the harbour line. Ironically, he was involved in the GRP's ongoing Railway Safety Week where one of the main focuses is to prevent stone-pelting .Constable Deepak Jadhav was attached to the Vashi GRP and was recently sent on deputation to assistant commissioner (Central Railway) Sunil Malusare's office at Mankhurd. Jadhav stayed at Kamothe in Navi Mumbai with his wife, Priyanka. The couple was married less than a year ago.On January 2, GRP constable Deepak Jadhav and his colleagues assisted ACP Sunil Malusare in conducting a special drive at Mankhurd station, prosecuting hawkers and teenaged boys who were travelling in the ladies compartment illegally and handing them over to the RPF (Railway Protection Force). Around 7pm, Jadhav boarded a Panvelbound train. As the train was packed, he stood on the footboard of the general compartment . He was to get off at Mansarovar station and then travel further to his home in Kamothe.\"After the train left Seawoods station and was passing below a flyover bridge, Jadhav felt a sharp stab of pain on his forehead where a stone had hit him. He sustained a two-inch gash. He covered his forehead with his hand and got off at Belapur station,\" Malusare told TOI.At Belapur, Jadhav staggered to a helpdesk set up by the GRP to check commuters ' luggage. He spoke about his injury to a constable seated at the table. The constable rushed him medical aid, before taking him to the Navi Mumbai municipal hospital. From there, he was moved to MGM hospital at Kalamboli and eventually to the MGM hospital at Vashi as his injuries were serious. After two days of treatment, he died around 10.20am on Wednesday. His body was sent for a post-mortem examination and then handed to his family, who will take it to their hometown near Pune for the last rites. Jadhav had joined the GRP around six years ago. The Vashi GRP had initially registered a case of 'attempt to murder' which has now been converted into murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370645", "title": "Multi-cuisines for Pravasi guests", "text": "JAIPUR: Chefs from Taj and Maurya Sheraton have been picked to dish out a delicious spread for the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas delegates. Bangkok flowers will be used in floral arrangements at the venues.The plan is to give them the best of Indian, Thai and Chinese food. The January 7 lunch will be taken care of by the ITC Sheraton. The spread is said to include Mughlai, South Indian and dishes from other states of India. On January 8, the CM will play host at dinner time and traditional Rajasthani food will feature on the menu. The tourism minister, Bina Kak is looking after all the arrangements for it. On January 9, hotel Taj chefs will lay out the cuisines.\"We want that the guests get the best of Indian food. But to cater to their varied tastes, we have made arrangements for Thai and Chinese cuisines too,\" Nitin Gupta, state head of CII, said.To decorate the event venues, 20,000 flowers and 3,000 garlands will be used. The Orchids and Lilium will arrive from Bangkok while Carnations, Calcutta Genda and other flowers will be brought from Bangalore, Pune and Delhi. \"We have been asked to decorate the City Palace, Birla Auditorium and Jai Mahal. Fresh flowers will be used everyday,\" said Babulal Mali, who has the contract for flower decoration. \"Each day decoration will have a different theme. On the first day, the theme colors will be yellow and white, on second day baby pink and white; and red and white on the last day,\" he added.The organisers have also deployed some engineering and management students as volunteers for the event. \"We have sought volunteering of around 60 college students who will help us at the registration desk,\" Gupta added. State government has attached RAS rank officers for the state guests which includes union ministers and chief ministers. Team of CII, an organising partner of the event, has already arrived in the city. Entire state machinery has been engaged in preparation of the event and chief secretary is reviewing the developments daily.To facilitate the award ceremony and other events, 50 trained ushers have been deployed. Liaison officers have been deputed at all the hotels where guests will stay. A central control room has been formed at the Birla Auditorium which will work round the clock for the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11369788", "title": "A balloon for each year", "text": "PANAJI: Back in 1912, a man decided to take a risk and pursue a vision-a vision that would meet the need for English education in a state. Walter D'Souza, probably had no idea then that his school would make it through the century. Sacred Heart High School, Verla, stands today as the second oldest English medium school in Goa.The walls wear a fresh coat of paint, the grounds are swept clean of errant leaves, colourful paper streamers scallop between pillars and on windows and a new board bearing the school's name is mounted. Clearly, the excitement is palpable. Classes have been disbanded for the day and every student is immersed in the centenary celebrations.\"The students are looking forward to the celebrations on January 5. They all want to be involved, after all a 100-year celebration comes along just once,\" says Walter D'Souza, grandson of the founder and former principal of the school. The school initially started off with just two modest-sized buildings in 1912 and later in 1938 another two structures were added to accommodate the increasing number of students. In fact, Sacred Heart High School, Anjuna, and St Britto's High School, Mapusa, used to be branches of the school years ago.Over the years, principals have come and gone, each adding their own bit of wisdom to the administrative process. The current principal Maria Helena Monteiro e Martires, is thrilled to be at the helm as the school crosses the 100-year threshold. \"It is an honour to be a part of such a significant event. The school has always stood for all-round development of the child, and will continue to do so in the years to come.\"The 700-student school has come a long way where teaching techniques are concerned. \"When I started teaching here, it was a lot easier to instruct children. Today it is a challenge. They are exposed to so much, thanks to the media, that as teachers we have had to change our methods to better suit the new generation. What we teach remains the same, its just our ways that have altered,\" says Elita D'Mello who has been teaching at Sacred Heart for the last 27 years.So as not to leave former students out of the festivities, a mass will be celebrated by an ex-student, Fr Dennis Fernandes, rector of the Rachol seminary and 95-year-old Maria Ida D'Souza, also ex-student and wife of one of the founding fathers, will inaugurate the cultural function that follows. However, the one event that all the teachers and, needless to say, students are awaiting with bated breath is the release of 100 balloons to mark the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11369955", "title": "BJP declares candidates for Noida &amp; Dadri assembly seats", "text": "NOIDA: Declaring the third list of its candidates for the assembly elections of UP, the BJP on Wednesday named its candidates for the high-profile seats of Noida and Dadri. Dr Mahesh Sharma has been fielded from Noida while former minister Nawab Singh Naagar will contest from the Dadri assembly seat.Naagar has been a two-time MLA from the Gujjar-majority Dadri seat having won the assembly elections from here in 1999 and 2002. He has also served as the irrigation minister of the state between 2002 and 2004. He was defeated by a margin of around 30,000 votes by BSP candidate Satvir Singh Gujjar in 2007 polls.Dr Mahesh Sharma entered politics for the first-time with the general election of 2009 when he was given a ticket by the BJP to contest from the newly-carved parliamentary constituency of Gautam Budh Nagar. Dr Sharma, however, lost to BSP candidate, Surendra Naagar, by a margin of around 14,000 votes.Among the four major parties that are expected to pitch in for a strong battle in these two assembly segments, only the Congress remains to open its cards on its choice of candidates. Earlier, the BSP and Samajwadi Party declared the names of their candidates from the two seats. Sources in the Congress say that keeping in view the twin factors of rapid urbanization in Noida and Dadri and the land row, the party would take a decision only after consulting the top brass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11370179", "title": "Punjab polls: Sonia to take call on six key seats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi would decide the candidates for final six seats in Punjab to firm up the list for elections scheduled for January 30.The party has clinched the discussions which involved balancing the claims of groups, loyalists , defectors and kin of strong leaders. Only one defector may be fielded in the coming election while sources said claims of \"kin\" had been kept at bare minimum.The pending seats require one more look because they involve claims of longtime loyalists which cannot be rebuffed in haste or have more than one strong aspirant in contention. Following elaborate discussions, the decision has been left for the party chief.The selection process was complicated by a large demand for tickets for 'political kin' and defectors. The state Congress chief Amarinder Singh was pushing for nominations for Akalis who joined the party directly or via the Akali rebel Manpreet Badal. While one ticket has been finalized, an extreme situation in the pending discussions could take it to two. The kin factor has been kept at bare minimum if compared to the demands made in the run up to selection . The claims from top leaders for their relatives numbered ten.According to a senior leader, the party had exercise caution in selecting nominees for urban seats which BJP swept in 2007 to tilt the scales in favour of Akali Dal. It was felt that the party had faltered with poor selection of candidates , which triggered a careful approach this time.The stakes for Congress in Punjab polls are high, as are in Uttarakhand and UP, where the party is expected to do well. A success in five poll-bound states in coming months would have a bearing on central politics where the government is paralysed by scams and protests. A success would undercut the civil society campaign and chasten the BJP while a stumble could further sharpen the slide.Given the aggression from West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , insiders argue that signs of rising Congress fortunes would help in taming the rebellious allies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11368977", "title": "Driver injured as car skids of road", "text": "SHIMLA: A car driver was injured on Wednesday morning when his vehicle fell onto a parallel road below on Wednesday morning, after skidding on a thin layer of frost. Sources said this happened due to absence of protective parapets on one side of the road. The driver was given first aid at a hospital nearby, and was discharges without a full examination, sources said.When contacted, DSP (city) Balvir Jaswal said, \"No case has been registered as the driver did not lodge any complaint. A police team was sent to the spot for investigation.\"While the police claim that more than 90% accidents take place due to rash and negligent driving, sources said bad roads are responsible for such accidents.The Wednesday morning accident took place at a site where the public works department ( PWD) had abandoned the construction of a low protective wall called parapet. Resident of Pantaghati Sanjay Chauhan said, \"PWD started the work but left the job incomplete. Such accidents can be prevented if protective walls exist.\"In the meantime, director general of police Daljit Manhas said, \"3,075 accidents were reported across the state in 2011 where 712 people were killed and 3,839 injured. In 2010, 779 people lost their lives and 3,719 were wounded.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370396", "title": "Drop in number of voters in Ahmedabad district", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the city progresses and may register a new high in 2011 census, Ahmedabad district has witnessed drastic reduction in number of voters.According to recent correction of voters' rolls undertaken by the district collectorate during last two months, total number of voters has come down from 46,74,195 to 43,58,585. These voters are spread across 21 constituencies of assembly elections.The drop in numbers is nearly 7%. Even the intense voters' registration drive could add only 1,67,031 new voters, which also included 50,000 youth between the age of 18 and 19. Against this, the deletion of number of voters from 2006 voters' rolls is 5,14,942.The district collector, Vijay Nehra finds the dip in total number of voters \"quite normal\", as according to him, the correction was made only after 2006, which was for previous assembly polls.The deletion of above five lakh voters from the rolls was for various reasons - over 4 lakh persons left the district with families, while 43,452 persons immigrated from Ahmedabad but their families have stayed back. Besides, 40,299 persons passed away, while 13,000 voters were repeated in the list.Nehra explained that they expect nearly 60% of total population of the area to be registered as voters, and the number is quite well corresponding to that. When asked whether the drop in voters' number suggests exodus from the area, Nehra said, \"This is something that only census could tell.\"Nehra said that the district collectorate would declare its new electoral rolls on Wednesday and administration will come with at least 2 lakh new EPIC. He also said that total number of voters allotted voter's ID have increased from 94.42% to 98.42% during the two-month long drive.The collector also announced a special 13-day drive to register youth as voters, especially young female in the age group of 18 to 25 years. Nehra said that the sex ratio found in registration done hitherto was 898 only. \"We think that the sex ratio is around 910 in this district, but the electoral rolls show a less number. Many young female citizens are registered as voters for various reasons. The next campaign is specifically targeted at them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370208", "title": "Founding father lost his first ever election in Bharuch", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The founding father of Gujarat, Indulal Yagnik lost the first Parliamentary election that he contested from the state in 1952 from Bharuch constituency, then Broach. However, the result instilled confidence and hope in him.Yagnik contested as an independent candidate against Congress party candidate Chandrashankar Bhatt. In his autobiography which has been recently translated into English, he says he fought the election on the issues of suppression of the poor and tribals as, \"I flung my first challenge against the government.\"Yagnik's campaign attracted many and his speeches were even attended by \"other candidates of legislature and outstanding citizens\", who carried good impressions, as per the author. In his speeches, Yagnik criticized \"control raj\", Bhils' oppression and affairs tenancy courts which favoured landlords.He described his meetings during his canvassing in December 1951 as quite \"popular\". \"They had such an impact on people that when the minister of Bombay Dinkarrao Desai arranged a meeting at Rajpipla, on account of popular protest, confusion prevailed and the meeting failed,\" Yagnik noted in his book which continued to be published in six parts from 1955 to 1973.The first general election in Bharuch took place on January 3, 1952. Yagnik expected a good response, though he was convinced that he could not win. \"But I knew that in villages, the publicity for the Congress was done with great faith through the mukhis (village head), talatis and their leader Jawaharlalji. It was difficult to match them,\" he wrote.\"I did not go to Broach on the day of the result because I had few hopes of winning. I got the news that my rival Chandrashankar Bhatt had got about 98,000 votes, while I had got 62,000 by telephone in Ahmedabad,\" Yagnik mentioned in his autobiography. Bhatt got 47% of total votes, while Yagnik had 30%.Yagnik was pleased at such a positive response from voters. \"For the first time in my life, I got so many votes on account of a few months' campaign and I felt hopeful about the future,\" he wrote. He went on to win parliamentary elections and was MP for the next four Lok Sabhas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374133", "title": "One for the Girls!", "text": "The most interesting bit about any special 'ladies' night' at a club is that one gets to see men dressed in their most dapper selves too.With a bevy of beauties hoping to make a girls' night out on such nights, these men try their hardest to come dressed to impress. The same was the case at this city hotspot. The evening saw many girls dressed up in their prettiest best, with little white dresses, boots, off shoulder tops and funky boho accessories. And they all hung out with their besties, singing along with the popular tunes that the DJ played and soon shaking more than just a leg, once they got into the right 'spirit' of the night. And we saw many boys queue up to check out these ladies, who proved Cyndi Lauper right when she sang, Girls Just Wanna Have Fun...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373975", "title": "Murugadoss ropes in Anjali again!", "text": "After she won accolades for her performance as a chirpy young nurse in Engaeyum Eppothum, actress Anjali has once again been signed up by director A R Murugadoss for his next production.Just like the previous film, this project, which is yet to be titled, will be co-produced by a major Hollywood studio and will be directed by his one of his assistant directors (Kinslin, in this case). A R Murugadoss's brother is being introduced as the hero in this film. The director has also roped in M Ghibran, who made an impressive debut with Vaagai Sooda Vaa, as its composer.Confirming the news, the young composer said, \"While my first film was a period film set in a rural backdrop, this one will be totally opposite to that - an urban action thrillercum-romance.\" We hear that the unit has started shooting for the flick and will be coming out with an official statement about the project in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374781", "title": "Reese Witherspoon rescued by Jim", "text": "Reese Witherspoon met her current husband Jim Toth when his drunken friend tried to chat her up.The 'Water For Elephants' actress revealed she was approached by an intoxicated man at a party before Jim intervened to save both Reese and his pal.She explained in an interview with the US edition of Elle magazine: \"It happened out of the blue. This really drunk guy was hitting on me, making such an idiot of himself, yelling at me. He was like, 'You don't know me.' And I was like, 'Yeah, I know. I don't know you!' Jim came over and said, 'Please excuse my friend. He's just broken up with someone.' Jim was a really good friend, pulling him out of that situation. That's just kind of who he is, a really good person.\"Reese, 35 - who has two children Ava, 11 and Deacon, seven, with ex-husband Ryan Phillippe - also explained she loves Jim's caring side.She said: \"Jim's like, 'I'm gonna show you every day what a good partner is, what a good person is. I'm going to take care of you. I'm going to do it so much that you're gonna get used to it.' I was like, 'What are you talking about? I've never had anybody like that in my life.'\"I used to be afraid to travel and afraid to leave my house, afraid to leave my kids - that something horrible was going to happen.\"Jim really surprised me. You don't know who you're going to end up with. When I was 20, if you'd asked me, I wouldn't have said Jim.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11372889", "title": "TCS urged to speed up work at Rajarhat campus", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal government urged IT major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) to expedite work at its Rajarhat campus near the metropolis.State IT minister Partha Chatterjee told PTI that CEO of TCS N Chandrasekharan and global HR head Ajay Mukherjee had met him during the day.Chatterjee said that he had told TCS to start work on Rajarhat campus soon.TCS had been allotted 40 acres for this purpose. He said that Rajarhat facility would employ 16,000 professionals, adding that the unit would engage in doing high-end work like research and analytics.Databazaar would also set up a unit to do work on mobile technology, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11372879", "title": "Kalam opens meet for kids", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former president APJ Abdul Kalam on Wednesday did what he is best at doing: Igniting young minds towards science. \"Do you want to fly?,\" Kalam asked the children beginning his hour-long inaugural interactive speech at the Children's Science Congress here evoking a \"loud yes\" from thousands of participants.He asked students to repeat his poem with him: \"I am born with potential...I am not meant for crawling; because I have wings, I will fly.\" Kalam asked students to \"stand for yourself\". \"To be remembered you have to be unique. Will you decide to be unique?\" he posed the question again.The world is trying to make you just like anybody else. Parents may ask you why you are not among the top five in schools and so on. \"Dear young minds, you have to have tools to fight the battle and stand for your unique self,\" he said.Kalam said the tools to fight for the \"unique you\" are to have a great aim in life, acquire knowledge and work hard. Problems should not be a captor. Defeat problems and conquer, the Missile man told the over 10,000-strong gathering at the Congress.\"Imagination is the beginning of creation,\" he said and asked the students \"how many of you feel confident that you can stand for the uniqueness of being a scientist? Science makes you feel good. Questioning mind is a fundamental aspect of science. History has proven that those dare to imagine can do the impossible, he continued.With his trademark style, Kalam stole the hearts of the students. \"It was a dream come true for me. I had never seen Kalam though he is my role model,\" said Raghunath Singh, a student from Manipur who took part in the Congress. \"He is the greatest living inspiration for science,\" added Jyoti Ranjan Sahoo, a student of DAV Unit-VIII.The participating students from across the state have displayed their innovation in 110 stalls at the Indian Science Congress venue. The former presidents gave away Indian Science Congress Association Young Scientists Awards to 16 scientists in 14 categories comprising Rs 25,000 cash each and citations.List of Young Scientist awardeesAgriculture and Forestry Sciences: Vigya Kesari, IIT, GuwahatiAnimal, Veterinary and Fishery Sciences: Nitin Pathak, Govt Motilal Vigyan Mahavidyalaya, BhopalAnthropological and Behavioural Sciences (including Archaeology and Psychology and Educational Sciences and Military Sciences): Shabnam, Dept of Psychology, GNDU, Amritsar.Chemical Sciences: Mahesh Sundararajan, Theoretical Chemistry Section, BARC, MumbaiEarth System Sciences: Poulomi Ghosh, Dept of Geological Sciences, Jadavpur UniversityEngineering Sciences: S. Paul, Solar and Energy Materials Lab., Tezpur University, TezpurEnvironmental Sciences: Surabhi Dipali Muduli, Dept of Environment and Sustainability, Institute of Minerals and Materials Technology, BhubaneswarInformation and Communication Science and Technology (including Computer Sciences): Debarati Chakraborty, ISI., KolkataMaterials Science: Ashutosh Kumar Dubey, IIT, KanpurMathematical Sciences (including Statistics): Dilip Kumar, Senior Research Fellow (DST), Centre for Mathematical Sciences, Pala, Kerala and Suchandan Kayal, Department of Mathematics, IIT, Kharagpur.Medical Sciences (including Physiology): Rajender Singh, Central Drug Research Institute, LucknowNew Biology (including Biochemistry, Biophysics and Molecular Biology and Biotechnology): Sanjit Mukherjee, IICB, KolkataPhysical Sciences: Rajesh V Nair, Bhabha Atomic Research Center, MumbaiPlant Sciences: Rashmi Singh, Dept of Botany, KN Govt PG College, Bhadohi, UP and Jeremy Dkhar, Plant Biotechnology Laboratory, Department of Botany North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369463", "title": "BEST shuns tobacco but plugs ads", "text": "MUMBAI: Do not be surprised if you spot a BEST bus with an anti-tobacco message and another one advertising pan masala or khaini. While buses continue to advertise tobacco products, the BEST has joined hands with Tata Memorial Hospital and launched a campaign wherein anti-tobacco messages will be put up on panels of 200 buses.The BEST has extended its support to the initiative, which is an extension of the recent campaign by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ), Salaam Bombay Foundation and Tata Memorial Hospital to make schools and colleges in the state tobacco-free by January 25.OP Gupta, general manager of BEST, said the advertising on the buses works on contract basis. \"We have the right to reserve a certain number of buses to use for public causes. The 200 buses with anti-tobacco messages will ply on all the major routes from 25 depots, including Navi Mumbai. However, the panels of rest of the buses are not under us,\" he said.Explaining the problem, Devika Chadha from Salaam Bombay foundation, which has been working against tobacco, says that the BEST has subletted the contract to an advertising agency and has no hold over what goes on the panels. \"The buses have advertisements of pan masala and khaini products, which are actually surrogate ads,\" she said, adding that the foundation is in talks with the agency to get these ads removed from the buses.For the past six months, Tata Memorial Hospital has been conducting anti-tobacco workshops with BEST employees in various bus depots across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11372790", "title": "'Avoid unscientific ways of beekeeping'", "text": "LUDHIANA: A state level training-cum-workshop for members of Progressive Beekeepers Association (PBKA) was organised on Wednesday at the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU).Addressing the participants, P K Chhuneja, in charge, apiculture unit, urged the beekeepers to avoid unscientific way of dividing the colonies for stock multiplication and queen bee rearing. Apprising the trainees of the various techniques for the multiplication of colonies and mass rearing of queen bees, Chhuneja emphasised that beekeepers should not purchase costlier queens from anywhere but should select their stock as breeder colonies for queen bee rearing.Earlier, welcoming the trainees, J S Bhalla, coordinator, PBKA, said PAU provides a platform to beekeepers to discuss their problems, seek technical guidance from university experts and get advice on specialised and advanced topics of apiculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373765", "title": "Anirudh to perform at IPL?", "text": "The young composer is likely to do a national Kolaveri tour soonKolaveri's the rage. It's driven the world into a frenzy -spawning a new form of expression as well as inspiring flash mobs, different versions across languages, remixes and parodies around the world. Now, fans of the song have a lot more to look forward to.Composer Anirudh is planning on touring the country soon and give audiences a taste of some live Kolaveri. Also in the pipeline is a performance at the IPL 2012 inauguration. A source close to Anirudh says that he has been approached to do a multicity tour with different artists. \"For the concert, there are plans to rope in Arjun, who did the R 'n' B remix of the song, as well as singer Sonu Nigam's son Nevaan, who did the 'kiddie version'. Both versions of the video have been popular online too. So, it felt like a good plan to include them,\" says the source.While the participation of Dhanush, the hero of 3 which features Kolaveri di.., is expected, the source adds that decisions including the dates of the tour will be confirmed only in tune with the actor-singer's schedule.Talking about the tour, Anirudh says, \"Yes, there is a plan to put together a Kolaveri tour and a performance at the inauguration of this year's IPL. But it's all still in a proposal stage and most of the details including the dates and venues are yet to be finalized.\"While the question remains as to what the composer and his team of musicians can do on a live stage with such a popular song, Anirudh says that he has really not even begun thinking what to do with the concert. \"We'll begin working on that as soon as everything is confirmed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11372768", "title": "Amritpal makes family proud with a job in Qatar", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Amritpal Singh, 22, gave a flying start to his career by clinching a job in the first placement drive at Guru Nanak Engineering College. Amritpal joined Qatar Solar Technologies to work in their polysilicon plant in Qatar right after he finished his engineering course. He attributes his success to his family and teachers. Since his joining in September 2011, Amritpal also got an opportunity to work with the execution team of E&I; department at the strategic gas transmission project of Qatar Petroleum. A resident of BRS Nagar, Amritpal said his father Gurteg Singh had retired from GNE as an instructor and his sister is a lecturer in Government College for Women. \"So, there was always supportive atmosphere at home,'' he added. Excited with his son's early start, Gurteg Singh said Amritpal has made them proud as good wishes haven't stopped coming from neighbours and relatives. \"We are waiting for him to arrive as we would arrange a big party to celebrate his success,'' he added. \"I am little worried about his health though, as he is away from home, said Satwant Kaur, Amritpal's mother. The young engineer won many prizes during his college tenure at various festivals and competitions and also nurtures the habit of philately.a??a?? nidhi.singhi@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368258", "title": "Cong targets BJP over Kushwaha", "text": "New Delhi: Congress on Wednesday asked BJP if its opposition to the Lokpal Bill was linked to its patronage of tainted leaders like Babu Singh Kushwaha, latching on to the saffron party's poll-time faux pas to dent its anti-graft offensive.A day after BJP embraced one-time Mayawati confidant Kushwaha, who was sacked as minister in the wake of multi-crore NRHM expose, Congress spokesman Rashid Alvi said, \"It is most unfortunate...BJP asks for strong Lokpal Bill, even threatens to meet the President, and then not just takes people who are tainted, raided by CBI, even face murder charges, but also gives them a clean chit.\"Congress saw the Kushwaha-led entry of tainted BSP ministers as god sent when it was on the back foot for ducking Lokpal vote while facing renewed aggression from Anna Hazare . BJP's baffling decision, many felt, served well on state and central front alike, as it could be used against saffron rival and BSP in UP polls while being a readymade issue to neutralize \"BJP's holier than thou stance on the Lokpal\".Congress leader Digvijay Singh asked if Anna would speak on BJP's corruption. \"What will Anna say now?\" he asked, suggesting that his attack on the veteran campaigner for his selective graft focus was not misplaced.Alvi mocked, \"BJP's PM-candidate L K Advani probably took out the rath yatra in search of such people. He has succeeded in his mission in UP.\" That BJP has taken many other tainted BSP ministers, apart from Kushwaha, ahead of UP polls, gladdened Congress hearts.According to UP strategists, the party was set to turn Kushwaha into a focal campaign point, to be personified as the face of whatever is wrong with UP politics. The intense focus on Kushwaha may be on the lines of the aggression against Kalyan Singh during 2009 polls when Congress called SP's tie-up with former Ayodhya mascot as betrayal of Muslims, triggering mass exodus from Mulayam Singh fold.Congress rebuffed reports that Kushwaha was inducted without BJP brass's nod. \"All their leaders have been at pains to call him innocent. And his joining ceremony happened at BJP's national headquarters,\" Alvi stressed. \"This is the two-faced BJP. They think 'corruption of others is bad, but our corruption is good',\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11370324", "title": "Impact fee impasse: Vaju Vala to parley", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Finding that major complications have arisen in the effort to come up with rules that would prevail in fixing an impact fee for regularizing nearly 15 lakh illegal structures of urban Gujarat, chief minister Narendra Modi is said to have asked state finance minister Vajubhai Vala to intervene. A top state bureaucrat told TOI, \"Vala will be seeking a meeting shortly with revenue minister Anandiben Patel and urban development minister Nitin Patel with the participation of officials of the two departments to sort out outstanding issues that remain to be solved.\"The problem, it is reliably learnt, has arisen after the state revenue department refused to agree with the suggestions to regularize land titles. While the state urban development department insisted, for instance, that the buildings that have been built on land that has still not been granted non-agricultural (NA) permission, should be regularized on payment of an impact fee. The revenue department refused, with its officials insisting, that necessary revenue procedure would have to be followed for NA. There are thousands of houses built in urban areas on land without NA permission.The only thing that the state revenue department has conceded, officials say, is to allow the house owners to convert new tenure land into old tenure on payment of impact fee. \"There are a large number of houses in urban areas that have been built on new tenure lands, which were allocated to the poorer sections of society during the land reforms phase. By converting these into old tenure on payment of a certain impact fee, the houses can be deemed to have been regularized,\" an official said.Talking to newspersons post-Cabinet on Wednesday, state urban development minister Nitin Patel confirmed, \"Certain revenue issues remain to be solved. My urban development department has already sorted out all the outstanding issues, including changes brought about without necessary permissions in the construction of a house or a flat, changes in stated purpose from commercial to residential or vice versa. Also, issues of floor space index and parking space have been cleared.\"Though the state urban development department has worked out a formula for charging impact fee, he suggested, the only thing that the revenue department has been able to come to grips with is converting new tenure to old tenure. \"There are thousands of such cases in eastern Ahmedabad, Rajkot and Bhavnagar\", he said, adding, \"Once the rules are finalized and impact fee fixed, the house owners will be given six months to make their applications, after which the regularization process will start.\"Accepting recommendations of Gujarat governor Dr Kamla, the state assembly in September 2011 had unanimously passed the amended impact fee bill - Gujarat Regularization of Unauthorized Development Bill, 2011. First passed in the assembly in March 2011, the governor had sent it back unsigned, saying there was no provision in it to ensure that illegal constructions would not recur, and that no cut off date had been mentioned, after which the illegal structures would not be regularized. Considering her criticism, the amended bill fixes a cut-off date, March 28, 2011, even as it drops what the governor had called \"open-ended provision\" of the original bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369416", "title": "Delhi govt to crack down on sex-selection tests", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi, which recorded one of the most skewed child sex-ratios in provisional Census 2011, is gearing up to crack down aggressively on sex-selection tests.State health minister A K Walia on Wednesday in a meeting with all its deputy commissioners (DCs) decided to launch a massive campaign for better implementation of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act (PC and PNDT Act).The shake-up came after Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in a meeting with Walia on December 30 took exception to the de-sealing of K L Chest Diagnostic clinic and another rural health centre without filing cases in the court.Both these centers were sealed by the National Inspection and Monitoring Committee (NIMC) team, constituted under the Act, which found prima-facie evidence of serious irregularities.Walia has decided to conduct a monthly review of the work being conducted by all the DCs to cut down on sex-selection tests. Pressure will be intensified to get every ultrasound clinic to fill up Form F.According to the Act, every radiologist is required to fill Form F before conducting an ultrasound on a would-be mother. The form has important questions, including the reason for conducting sonography along with details of the patient and the doctor. Clinics that carry our prenatal selection and selective abortion leave most of the details incomplete, deliberately skipping sections mentioning the doctor's name, signature, the patient's address, age of the fetus and record of the would-be mother's previous children.Delhi with a CSR of 866 in 2011 is at number four from the bottom of the list. Rural child sex-ratio has shown a steep decline of 41 points from 850 in 2001 to 809 in 2011. Delhi has the lowest urban child sex-ratio of 868 among cities with a population of 100,000 and above.Delhi has a total of 1,794 registered bodies under the Act, but district authorities have been able to renew only 193 registrations officially.\"Delhi has a total of 62 ongoing PNDT cases in the court, 40 for non-registration, two for communication of sex of fetus, 9 for advertisement about pre-natal /conception diagnostic facilities, five for Non-maintenance of records and six for other violations of Act/Rules. The state needs to vigorously pursue these cases for early decisions besides nabbing violators by decoy operations,\" officials added.No drives/surveys mandatory under the Act have been undertaken to identify unregistered ultrasound machines which may be functioning illegally.No conviction has been secured under the Act till date. District authorities have been unable to file court cases against the clinics found prima facie guilty of violations under the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11368950", "title": "Sale of Kulluvi shawls up by 50%", "text": "MANALI: The shawl-making industries of Kullu are doing a brisk business at Manali nowadays with the minimum temperature remaining below the freezing point. More than 3,000 Kulluvi shawls are being sold every day.According to data obtained from the shawl-making industries, around 1,500 to 2,000 shawls had been sold between November and mid-December, but the sale is up by 50% in the past two weeks. More than 50 shawl-making industries and 150 outlets are open in the Kullu district, and people prefer buying shawls directly from the factory outlets due to reasonable pricing. Tourists prefer purchasing shawls directly from the industries to ensure genuineness and reasonable pricing.General manager of Trishla shawl industry Harish Gupta said, \"Visitors love to see the weavers at work and buy shawls from here. The shawls available in the outlets are made in factories outside the state. Kulluvi shawls are embroidered in a unique way, and are handmade. Shawls made of pure wool are in high demand.\"One can purchase a standard shawl for just Rs 84 from the factory, while a fully-designed shawl is available up to Rs 1,500. Kulluvi caps are available between Rs 25 to Rs 250. Weavers said the hand-woven socks and the colourful mufflers are popular this year.Sales manager of Hill shawls industry Harpreet Singh said, \"Pure wool and angora shawls are the first choice of buyers. Weavers keep experimenting with new colours and designs so as to meet the demands of every age group.\"In the past few years, thousands of Kulluvi shawls and caps have been exported to countries such as France, Japan, and Italy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373986", "title": "Malavika wants peace", "text": "Mullaperiyar might still be the bone of contention between Tamil Nadu and Kerala, but not all actors from Kerala have been banned from Kollywood.Malavika Wales, who is playing the lead in Alagan Selva's Alagu Magan, seems to be happy that she's shooting for her film without any disruption in Tamil Nadu. The first schedule of the film's shooting has been completed at Vanavasi in Mettur and the second leg is scheduled to begin soon in Theni, which is one among the most affected districts in the Mullaperiyar row.Recently, Malayalam director Vysakh had to cancel shooting here owing to protests from Tamil groups. Malavika, however, is optimistic. \"So far, the shooting of Alagu Magan has been going on smoothly. We hope to continue shooting in Theni without any hassles,\" says the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370769", "title": "Congress leader starts Mahapadav in Bikaner", "text": "JAIPUR: Indefinite Mahapadav (mass sit-in) by zila pramukh and senior Congress leader Rameshwar Dudi started from Wednesday in Nokha township of Bikaner against his own party's government to put forward his 34 demands. Staged on the Tehsil Road of Nokha, Mahapadav was attended by more than 10,000 people.Dudi specifically targeted Kanhaiya Lal Jhanwar, MLA and assembly secretary, and alleged that due to his adamant attitude things like treatment plant, construction of by-pass, rail overbridge and housing board colony had been unattended.Due to the stir, traffic snarled along the Bikaner-Jodhpur highway. District collector Prithvi Raj and SP Rakesh Saxena rushed to the spot and held meeting with Dudi and requested him to clear the jam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11368949", "title": "Nagpur University's decision to implement online valuation criticized", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University administration seems to be in hurry to implement the much-hyped online valuation system. Within a week after its Board of Examinations (BoE), granted clearance to this ambitious project, Mind Logic Infotech - the firm which designed the software - conducted demonstrations on Wednesday for the members of NU's statutory bodies including Academic and Management Councils and Senate.However, only half of them took interest to go through demonstrations given at the NU's Guru Nanak Hall, sources disclosed.Soon after that, the NU administration took a flash decision to award the contract to the Bangalore-based company. Accordingly, it would take over NU's exam section for five years and NU would pay a whopping Rs 10 crore per year (approximately). The amount would be recovered from the students by charging Rs 50 each, per year.In turn, the company promised to provide all services online - right from getting enrolment form to the exam results. Even, the question paper would be provided to the exam centers online just 45 minutes prior to the start of the exam. Evaluation too would be done online. The students would be able to see their answer-sheets and even apply for revaluation from home.More importantly, they can get their revaluation results in four days flat which otherwise takes over three months, controller of examination (CoE) Siddharth Kane claimed. Defending NU's decision, Kane said that the new online valuation system would be implemented from summer exams in engineering, law and pharmacy faculties and would prove beneficial to about 1.5 lakh students.However, some members raised severe objections on NU's decision to award the contract to the company for five years without testing the system on pilot basis. Terming the decision to be politically motivated, some members alleged that various statutory bodies were not taken into confidence before taking the decision. They demanded to call for an emergent Senate meeting to discuss the issue in detail. They raised serious doubts on entire dealing.Citing a slew of problems like load-shedding and zero computer knowledge among rural teachers, the members insisted that long hours of power cuts alone would make the system redundant, leave along getting internet facility. They pointed out that the contract for Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Ltd was awarded in similar fashion but is yet to see light of the day despite spending crores.Many important projects - installation of express feeder line, internet connectivity at NU campus, generator/inverter facility in NU administrative block - are pending since many years.They stated that various statutory bodies were not taken into confidence before making the decision and demanded to convene emergent meeting of Senate to discuss the issue in detail. They raised serious doubts on entire dealing asking about failure of earlier such schemes like providing results on phone through IVRS which never saw light of the day and even experimentation of second exam within a month of main one to save academic year of the students that was reportedly discontinued.Citing a slew of problems like load-shedding and zero knowledge about computers in rural areas among the teachers and importantly, many rural colleges still don't have these machines, the members said heavy load-shedding alone will make the system redundant, leave alone getting net facility. They also asked about fate of MKCL which was awarded similar contract by NU by depositing crores.According to them, the NU exam section staff would sit ideal if the company personnel would take over entire system. They said many important projects were yet to see light of the day including much-hyped express feeder line which is pending since last five years even after depositing Rs 65 lakhs, no Internet connectivity in NU campus since last two years, and lack of generator/invertor facilities in NU administrative block itself and also in its 39 departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11369777", "title": "Farmers reap benefits in poll year", "text": "PANAJI: The run up to the assembly elections has proved a boon to farmers and agriculture as more farm machinery has found its way into the fields during the last few months, sources said.An allocation of 4 crore in the Goa budget 2011-12 for the purchase of farm machinery has been nearly exhausted by November-December 2011, sources said. \"We will settle some more pending claims with whatever funds are available,\" an agriculture department official said.The demand for farm machinery, especially tractors, power tillers, weed cutters, plant protection equipment, tractors and harvesters has increased tremendously this year, sources said.Speculation is rife that politicians have been instrumental in procuring the machinery and passing it to self help groups, partly or fully bearing the costs themselves, during the run-up to the assembly polls. \"A few politicians provided free of cost services of multi-purpose harvesters to farmers during harvesting operations late last year in some talukas,\" a source said.The agriculture department provides subsidy on combine harvesters to selfhelp groups. The government also provides subsidy on the utilization of the machinery by farmers. \"The farmers share was borne by politicians and they got their fields harvested almost free of cost,\" the source said.Goa government increased the plan outlay from 23.94 crore in 2009-10 to 51.57 crore in 2010-11 and to 70 crore in 2011-12 to help the farm sector. Prior to that, the total allocation for agriculture was below 4% of the total budget, which made it difficult for the state to fulfill the parameter for availing central funds under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana ( RKVY).In the past, the agriculture department would acquire and maintain farm machinery for the use of agriculturists. But at one stage, about five years back, the machinery, including only 650 power tillers and 12 threshers for 65 hectares of paddy area, was found to be inadequate.Agriculture department officials attribute the higher utilization of funds to the increasing confidence among farmers about the labour-saving function of farm machinery.\"The non-availability of work force or high inputs of labour have made the farmers look with hope and confidence at mechanization,\" the official said.The wages of farm labour range from 250 to 400 for men and 125 to 250 for women, depending on the type of work.Abhijeet Prabhudesai, a member of Goenchea Xetkareancho Ekvott said the government should protect the agricultural land with the same zeal. \"It is fundamental that we protect our farm land in the interest of food security,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11374390", "title": "UP elections: Candidates using Facebook to woo voters", "text": "KANPUR: With assembly elections round the corner in Uttar Pradesh , many candidates have created Facebook accounts to woo voters.The candidates, who have been allotted party tickets, have started taking the help of Internet to connect themselves with voters.Samajwadi Party candidate from Aryanagar Assembly seat, Jitendra Bahadur Singh, has appealed to the electorate on social networking website Facebook to vote for him.\"Through Facebook, I am able to connect myself with the people and they get a chance to directly interact with me,\" Singh told PTI.Samajwadi Party candidate from Sisamau constituency, Irfan Solanki, has opened three Facebook accounts to woo young voters and appealed to them to participate in the election.\"I remain online through my mobile phone and people are able to connect with me through Facebook account,\" Solanki said.Congress candidate from Kidwainagar seat and MLA, Ajay Kapoor, has provided information regarding the development work done by him in his constituency via internet.Union minister and local MP Sriprakash Jaiswal also has a Facebook account and it is updated by his office.Assembly polls in the state will take place in seven phases from February four to 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "11369097", "title": "Property tax defaulters get KDMC discount", "text": "KALYAN: Giving relief to around 40,000 residents who have not paid their property taxes for more than two years, the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation (KDMC) has decided to give them a discount on their dues.KDMC commissioner Ramnath Sonawane said that the decision has been taken in order to increase the corporation's fund. Those who have not paid property tax for more than five years will get discount of 10%, while those who haven't paid tax for more than two years get 7% off on their pending dues.The decision comes after the state government cleared the KDMC general body's decision to give relief to those who could not pay their dues. Once the pending taxes are collected, the corporation's funds will increase by Rs 107 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368604", "title": "Cabinet clears Rs 6,600 crore French missile deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has cleared the Rs 6,600-crore acquisition of 490 French advanced missile systems to arm the Mirage-2000 fighter jets, which are being upgraded under a separate Rs 10,947 crore programme finalized in July, 2010.The Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS), chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , cleared the contract for the fire-and-forget MICA (interception and aerial combat missiles) with French armament major MBDA on Wednesday.Sources say another major defence deal, the acquisition of 75 Swiss turbo-prop aircraft to train IAF rookie pilots for over Rs 3,000 crore, is likely to be cleared next week. IAF wants to induct the 75 Pilatus PC-7 basic trainers by 2013-14 since its 114 piston-engine HPT-32 aircraft have been grounded since August, 2009, due to repeated engine failures, leading to training of pilots being truncated.TOI had earlier reported that all decks had been cleared for the MICA and Pilatus deals, even as the final calculations are underway to select the ``lowest bidder'' between French Rafale and Eurofighter Typhoon for the mega MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to acquire 126 top-notch fighters at a cost likely to touch $20 billion.The MICA systems will be fitted on IAF's 51 Mirage-2000s, which are to be progressively upgraded with the help of French companies Dassault Aviation (aircraft manufacturer) and Thales (weapons systems integrator).While the first two fighters have been sent to France for the upgrade, the rest 49 will later be retrofitted with new avionics, radars, mission computers, glass cockpits, helmet-mounted displays, electronic warfare suites, weapon delivery and precision-targeting systems in India by Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd.The overall Mirage upgrade project cost will cross Rs 20,000 crore, and it will take over a decade to be completed. This has led to some criticism that it would probably have been better to go in for new fighters. IAF, however, swears by the Mirage-2000 fighters, which have had an excellent track record with the force.Down to just 33-34 fighter squadrons (each has 16 to 18 jets) from a `sanctioned strength' of 39.5, IAF is going for a mix of new inductions and upgrades to retain its operational readiness even as it phases out older MiG variants.For instance, 63 MiG-29s are being upgraded under a $964-million deal inked with Russia in March, 2008. Then, apart from the 126 MMRCA, IAF is also inducting 272 Sukhoi-30MKIs contracted from Russia for around $12 billion. Moreover, the first lot of the around 120 indigenous Tejas Light Combat Aircraft will join IAF from end-2013 onwards.Besides, India plans to induct 250-300 stealth fifth-generation fighter aircraft (FGFA) co-developed with Russia from 2020 onwards, in what will be its biggest-ever defence project at around $ 35 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370180", "title": "Three cops suspended in skeleton case", "text": "KOLKATA: Three police officers were suspended on Wednesday for their alleged role in hushing up the 2002 Garbeta skeleton case. Former minister Sushanta Ghosh and 19 others are behind bars in connection with the case. The action came on Wednesday morning, four months after CID filed chargesheet.The chargesheet, however, didn't name any of these officers, but their \"lapses\" evident from the statements of witnesses and accused cited in the chargesheet had prompted CID to report it to the DGP.While the CID report also points a finger to the role of senior officers - the then ASP (Midnapore) and SP (Midnapore) - no action was taken against the IPS officers. The FIR filed by Shyamal Acharya on June 6 last year also bore out the police role for the seven murdered Trinamool Congress workers - including his father Ajay - was returning from a peace meeting convened at the behest of police. It wasn't just that.Four days after the FIR was registered on September 26, 2002, the case was investigated and the persons held responsible were later acquitted by a Midnapore court for want of evidence.The three suspended officers - Mrinalkanti Mazumdar, Mahakash Chowdhury and Debasis Roy - were posted in Midnapore when the incident took place. Mazumdar was deputy SP (Midnapore), Chowdhury was the OC of Chandrakona police out-post and Roy was the OC of Keshpur police station. Mazumdar is now posted ASP (Murshidabad), Chowdhury is with the Enforcement Branch in South Dinajpur and Roy is now the circle inspector of Contai.Senior officers said the three were suspended, pending a departmental probe, on basis of the specific charges against them. Some of these charges were even made in some depositions made by eye-witnesses and accused even before a judicial magistrate. At a trial stage, the questions on police role would definitely come up and inaction would also be questioned.For example, a grave digger reportedly alleged that the bodies were dumped that fateful night under the supervisions of one of these three officers. Though no attempt has been made to question the officer, such lacunaes will be exploited by the defence attorneys in court. The Supreme Court is also expected to take up Ghosh's bail plea very soon. CID is likely to appoint a former solicitor general of India to oppose the bail plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369364", "title": "Five modern fish markets to come up in city soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Die-hard fish fans now can get the delicacy on demand. The fisheries department is all set to change the existing fish markets by constructing modern fish complexes at various places in the city.The government has asked consultancy firm McKinsey &amp; Co to study fish potential and recommend measures to boost fish marketing in the city and other places in the state. Based on the survey, the proposal for constructing modern fish markets in the city has been mooted.\"The National Fisheries Development Board (NFDB) has come forward to fund the proposed modern fish complexes in Musheerabad, Begum Bazar, Domalguda, Nacharam and Kukatpally. These five markets will be under the control of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC). The NFDB will be spending Rs 2.5 crore (90% share) on each of these complex, and GHMC will fund the remaining amount,\" GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu told TOI.The GHMC has already submitted detailed project reports (DPRs) of the proposed fish market complexes to the NFDB two months ago. A three-storied fish complex would be constructed at the identified places with facilities like retail stalls, aquarium shops and a cold storage unit. Apart from these, other facilities like marketing information centers and dormitories for fishermen would be provided, the commissioner said.As of now, fish markets are located in Musheerabad and Begum Bazar, but these are not able to meet the demand of customers.\"On Sundays, we are selling around 60 to 70 tonnes of fish, but on normal days it could be between 40 to 50 tonnes. Nearly five to six varieties of fish come to the city from Godavari districts, Anantapur, Kurnool, Kadapa, Nizamabad, Mahbubnagar, Karimnagar and Khammam districts. \"Most city residents prefer murrel fish, while shrimps, crabs, sea boss (Pandu) are also fast moving delicacies,\" fisheries department assistant director (in-charge) Soloman Raj told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370346", "title": "No US placement this year for IIM-A summer interns", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In what does not seem like a very promising sign of things to come, not a single student of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) secured summer internship in the US this year. Out of 379 students who took part in the summer placement process this year, 309 students got domestic placements and only 42 students got overseas placements. The locations of placements for 26 students are yet to be decided.Chairperson of placement committee at IIM-A Saral Mukherjee, chose to be non-committal. \"We usually keep getting placements for our students in America. But it is for the recruiters to decide where to place the students,\" he said. Mukherjee, however, did not clarify whether this is the first time that students of the institute are not getting summer placement in USA.While 15 students got placement in Europe, 24 students got placed in South-East Asia and three students in other parts of Asia.The students top preference continued to be the banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI) sector, with 112 students accepting offers in these area. The other sectors that attracted students in high numbers included consulting which had 81 students accepting offers, fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) with 45 students taking placements and information technology with 31 students accepting offers in the sector.Explaining the high number of students opting to intern in the BFSI area despite of the looming global economic recession, Mukherjee said that different students have choices in different sectors and the group of student keen in that area is usually high. He said that these students might have continued to go for their pre-decided choices assuming that the sector is not going to be redundant in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11372838", "title": "They can't keep hands off teddies", "text": "LUDHIANA: We all have been kids and loved to play with toys and teddies. As we grow, we also grow out of love for our teddies, but not these girls, who want teddy bears in their rooms always and can't do without them. And they not just like teddies but big teddies. As their age increased, so did the size of their teddies. While some girls like stuffed toys, there are some who only want the company of their cute teddies in their rooms.A resident of Rishi Nagar, Supriya Jain, who teaches IELTS students, has a 3 feet tall teddy in her room. She says she does not want to stay alone, especially during night, and hence, keeps the teddy with her. \"My teddy, Pompy, is very powerful. When it's there with me in the room, I do not get afraid while sleeping,\" shared Supriya Jain. Her father had brought this teddy from Bathinda.For Samriti Arora of Model Town, teddy has always been a craze and she has a collection of over 15 teddy bears in her room. Samriti, who is in Bcom 1st year said, \"I love different coloured teddy bears and whenever get a chance, I purchase a new one. Big teddies catch my fancy because they look very cute. Even my family members are aware of my passion and always purchase teddies for me on birthday.\"Suhani Kathuria of Guru Gyan Vihar does not want her childhood days to end ever and keeps teddies in her room. A student of class XII, medical, Suhani said, \"I have three teddy bears in my room, of which my favourite is 2.5 feet long teddy of pink colour.\" She said her father had brought that teddy from Mumbai and gifted her on her birthday. She always wants to keep these teddies with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370248", "title": "Wetland fill-up: Activists want CM to intervene", "text": "KOLKATA: An umbrella organization of environmental activists has demanded chief minister Mamata Banerjee's intervention in the illegal filling-up of a waterbody at Nonadanga near the Eastern Metropolitan Bypass.The Times of India was the first to break the story on how a nearly 43-acre waterbody at Nonadanga is being filled-up illegally by people with sufficient clout to defy the establishment.\"On December 19, 2011, Arijit Banerjee, chief technical officer of the East Kolkata Wetlands Management Authority (EKWMA) issued a notice, directing those involved to stop work at the site. On December 21, 2011, the technical officer (law0 of EKWMA lodged an FIR at the Tiljala police station against these people. In spite of this, they didn't pay any heed and continued with the work. In June, 2011, I had met state environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar and he had assured us of all help in protecting waterbodies. In spite of this, we received little support from the government. The environment department is not functioning properly and the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) is more or less defunct. How else can the goons dare to ignore them? We have decided to give a representation to the chief minister, seeking her intervention in this matter,\" said Naba Dutta, who has formed Sabuj Mancha with other activists.Dhrubojyoti Ghosh, who is considered an authority on the East Kolkata Wetlands, didn't seem too surprised with the situation.\"It is good that this issue has been taken up as such things have been happening for the last 20 years. Entire townships have come up on waterbodies. At Tiljala, those dealing in plastic waste have taken over the land near bheris. I had written to the government on several occasions but received no response. Even the Centre is aloof. I have come to know that the Centre is considering the removal of the East Kolkata Wetlands - a Ramsar Site - from the list of important sites. The state government has got yet another management action plan prepared at a cost of Rs 20 lakh. This plan is no good. I had offered to go through the plan and make necessary amendments without charging anything. Nobody paid any heed,\" he said.According to Saswati Sen of the WWF, an attempt had been made to construct a small structure at the spot in 2009. The organization had then informed the WBPCB and construction had stopped.\"We have fought to protect the waterbodies but this is a great challenge. It is essential to keep on fighting against this. There must be some well-to-do buyers planning to buy property that will be constructed on this waterbody. They are educated people but many of them could be NRIs who aren't aware of the situation. Once they come to know that the construction is illegal, they may opt out,\" Sen said.Ghosh said that they would have opted for an agitation had those involved not acted in such a desperate manner. \"I admit that we are scared. These people are paying no heed to the government and must have sufficient clout,\" he said.Waterbody expert Mohit Roy said that maps supplied by the National Atlas and Thematic Mapping Organisation (NATMO) a few years ago had shown 8,731 ponds in Kolkata. Nearly 4,000 of these are missing today. Maybe, the government should come up with a White Paper on this subject, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11368838", "title": "Pvt doctors to strike today to protest physician's murder", "text": "COIMBATORE: The strike by government doctors on Wednesday to protest the murder of a Thoothukudi doctor by the husband of a patient who died during treatment, was near total across Western Tamil Nadu. The protest will continue on Thursday as over 7000 private hospitals employing 25,000 doctors across the state will cease to function for 24 hours starting from 6 a.m.Indian Medical Association (IMA) state president Dr L P Thangavelu has informed that all private hospitals in the state will handle only emergency cases during the 24-hour protest. Outpatient wings will not function and non-emergency surgeries will be postponed, he told reporters here.Thangavelu wanted police protection for all doctors practicing in the state in addition to the enforcement of stringent laws to punish those attacking the medical fraternity. Doctors in government hospitals will observe protest on Thursday by wearing black flags while on duty, he said. Hospitals must be made protective zones and police must be sensitized to taking instant action against those attacking doctors. A huge protest march of doctors will be held in Coimbatore on Thursday evening. Similar marches will be conducted across the state. A doctor on duty must enjoy support of the state and its law enforcers, he said.The strike has affected normal functioning of hospitals in Coimbatore, Erode, Tirupur and Salem. Residents who visited the outpatient departments and other sections of the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital on Wednesday had a long wait before they were serviced. Nearly 300 doctors and house surgeons participated in a protest march held in front of the collectorate in Coimbatore. Erode and Salem also witnessed protest marches by doctors.Dr K Kanakaraj, secretary of Coimbatore Government Doctors' Association, said the physicians' community will not rest until the government ensures the safety of practicing doctors. \"An incident like the one in Thoothukudi has never taken place anywhere in the country. It should never have happened,\" he said adding that the government should give adequate protection even to nurses and paramedical staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11374548", "title": "Cabinet clears land exchange for Habibganj ROB", "text": "BHOPAL: A cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan here today gave consent for exchange of land with Railways for the construction of 6-lane railway over-bridge (ROB) (24 meter wide and 990 long) from Habibganj Railway Crossing to Regional Research Laboratory Trisection.For this purpose, land in Bagh Sewania locality (Durga Nagar) under the possession of Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) will be exchanged with the Railways. The Railways is also ready to exchange land under its possession with the Corporation. Construction of Habibganj Railway over-bridge will facilitate citizens of Bhopal.Sanction has also been given to construct a 24-kilometer long BRTS corridor from Misrod to Bairagarh under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission for making traffic in Bhopal city safe and convenient. This over-bridge will be built in the same corridor.The cabinet sanctioned construction of buildings of 650 sub-health centres using pre-fabricated technique. Buildings are erected at a rapid pace by this technique. Difficulties are faced in mobilising building material like cement, bricks, soil etc as well as skilled labourers for construction of buildings of sub-health centres in inaccessible and remote areas of the state. This decision has been taken keeping these factors in view. A sum of Rs 109.72 crore is estimated to be spent on the construction of these pre-fabricated buildings of 650 sub-health centres. Each building will cost Rs 16.88 lakh.The cabinet decided to give appointment on compassionate grounds for the post of clerk to Virendra Singh Rana, son of Narendra Singh Rana (Gwalior) who laid down his life during the Kargil war.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373596", "title": "Indian CIOs' cloud concerns", "text": "Concerns over data security and privacy and an immature ecosystem are likely to stunt the growth of cloud computing in India. Despite the obvious benefits of lower capital expenditure and quicker rollout of new products and services, chief information officers (CIOs) are hesitant to make full-scale investments in the new technology.For now, they are rolling out pilot projects or waiting for the technology to stabilise, before making this radical shift. Unlike traditional information technology, cloud computing relies on storing, managing and retrieving data hosted on the internet, rather than on a local server. As the amount of data generated grows exponentially - a McKinsey estimate believes the amount of data will grow 44-fold between 2009 and 2020 - companies may find it more viable to store this data virtually in a distant server, rather than buy more servers and storage systems to keep it in-house.As broadband services expanded, more companies across sectors started exploring this possibility. Over the past 12 to 18 months, India's largest two-wheeler maker, Hero MotoCorp, has added 40 dealers to its sales and distribution network as it expands its reach across the country.Hero's CIO Vijay Sethi leant on a new cloud-based software to hasten this process -- from weeks to a matter of days -- since the rapid expansion would have been impossible with its old technology. \"Time reduction from four months to four days is much more advantageous than Rs 1 lakh saved in vendor negotiations,\" he says.Based on the success of this project, Hero wants to extend its 'cloud' presence into six or seven other functional areas, he pointed out. Despite this major investment, Hero's Sethi and his peers across India Inc remain cautious about the rollout of cloud computing wherein applications related to supply chain and human resources are hosted on the internet.In theory, this would have resulted in lower capital expenditure because companies would have needed to buy fewer servers and other hardware to store and access their data.The concerns However, concerns over security, insufficient development of cloudready applications, lack of case studies measuring returns from cloud computing investments and erratic broadband availability have forced CIOs to adopt a slow and steady route to cloud computing. Despite the service network implementation at Hero, Sethi doesn't think cloud computing will see widespread implementation across India Inc.\"There has been a lot of talk about this,\" he says. \"But few companies have taken concrete steps to adopt this technology.\" HDFC Bank , India's second-largest private bank, is taking baby-steps to implement cloud computing. Anand Sankararaman, senior vice-president of IT, HDFC Bank, says a few pilot projects have been rolled out internally to gauge how ready the bank is for cloud computing.However, it neither has a private (data hosted exclusively for the bank) or public (data hosted securely with other firms) cloud set-up yet. \"In financial services, there are several concerns over data security and privacy, which aren't fully answered yet,\" he says.According to experts, security and access to data is the biggest stumbling block to a wider cloud computing implementation across India Inc. Sid Deshpande, senior research analyst with technology consultancy Gartner, says basic tools like email , data back-up and video conferencing are the first tools to be moved to the cloud. \"There are few cases yet of critical data related to customers or supply chain being cloud based,\" says Deshpande.The mismatch Executives at storage and security giant Symantec are closely watching the evolution of cloud computing to keep their products and services upto-date and according to one of their internal surveys, there's a lot to worry.According to the firm's State Of The Cloud Survey, there is a stark mismatch between expectations from cloud computing and the end results. According to results from this survey , 85% of those interviewed expected cloud technology to improve their IT agility, but only 57% said that it actually did. Results also fell short in areas of disaster recovery, efficiency and security.\"CIOs are concerned about access to data and if their IT infrastructure and applications are cloud ready,\" says Vijay Mhaskar, VP, Information Management Group, Symantec. Others also think that cloud computing has got off to a slow start in India.Under a third of 150 CIOs interviewed by Zinnov, a management consultancy based out of Bangalore, have full-scale implementations in place and just over a fifth have pilot projects underway. \"While security and data privacy are the top concerns, companies are worried about how long they will spend (and how much money they will invest) in integrating older systems with those built around cloud computing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369290", "title": "I-T bears down on fat pockets", "text": "HYDERABAD: The fat pay cheques that they took home in 2008-09 have now come to haunt the city's elite, especially those living in state-of-the-art villas in upmarket Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills.With their bank balances, which swelled phenomenally during the 'fertile' year, catching the taxman's eye, this well-heeled pack of Hyderabadis has now been served huge tax bills, in some cases running into a few crores of rupees.According to sources, the total tax demand raised in Range 6 alone, comprises areas such as Jubilee Hills, Banjara Hills and Somajiguda is a whopping Rs 170-200 crore for the assessment cycle ended December 31.The recent assessments (or scrutiny cases) were conducted for Income Tax (I-T) returns filed in financial year 2008-09.Assessees in this particular range are largely industrialists, film actors and realtors with residences in these localities. \"In fact, a good chunk of them are developers as the realty sector was booming before it hit rock bottom in the second half of 2009,\" said an I-T department source, refusing to divulge further details.He however agreed that the reason for high tax demands was high targets set for the state department by the central board of direct taxes (CBDT). \"Our target from Range 6 was so steep that making such demands was mandatory,\" the source said.The exorbitant figures, besides startling tax-payers residing in these areas, have also taken local tax experts by surprise as they claim to have never heard of such high I-T demands.\"A demand of Rs 200 crore being raised from one range alone is news to us. That is almost double of what has been usually collected from each range in the past years,\" said a chartered accountant (CA) dealing with a case of a cash-rich industrialist from Jubilee Hills who has been slapped an astronomical tax notice to the tune of a few lakh rupees. But according to the CA, it is another individual from the same area who has been hit hardest with a tax demand of a staggering Rs 2 crore against his alleged \"undisclosed earnings\" in 2008-09.While Range 6 seems to receive maximum attention from industry experts, city CAs say that tax demands raised in other ranges (the city has a total of 16 ranges), too, have been enormous. \"For instance Range 12, which includes salaried people, has been slapped notices to the tune of Rs 5-6 crore. Most people who have come under the I-T scanner are expected to pay anywhere between Rs 25,000 and Rs 1 lakh,\" said a CA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11368834", "title": "Cop lands in ICU after biker rams into her", "text": "MUMBAI: A female sub-inspector attached to the Kasturba Marg police station was critically injured after a bike-borne duo rammed into her while trying to escape a police nakabandi at Devi Pada, Borivli (E) on Wednesday.The incident took place on the Western Express Highway at Devi Pada, Borivali East.Around 4.45 pm, the victim, Nandini Patil (23), was involved in the nakabandi on the north-bound stretch.Around 4.45pm, two bike-borne youngsters on a black Pulsar tried to speed past the police barricades on the Western Express Highway even though an officer and a constable gestured at them to stop. When the victim, Nandini Patil (23), tried to stop them, they rammed straight into her. Patil sustained severe head injuries and has been admitted to the ICU in Apex Hospital, Borivli (W). Sachin Varma (19), who was driving the bike, also sustained injuries when he fell off the two-wheeler and has been admitted to Bhagwati Hospital. Varma, a resident of Mira Road, will be arrested when he is discharged from hospital.In another case, a woman constable, Sajida Tambe, who was hit by a truck on Tuesday, died at Sion hospital on Wednesday. The truck driver, Firazuddin Khan, has been arrested for negligence. The truck first bumped into a car, which spun and crashed into Tambe's bike near Sion bridge.headed towards Mira-Bhayander around 4.45pm, when they spotted the police barricades. An officer and a constable gestured at them to stop, but they were speeding. As they continued to move ahead, Patil tried to stop them. They rammed straight into her. Patil sustained severe head injuries and has been admitted to the Apex Hospital. The bike rider, Sachin Verma (19), also sustained injuries as he fell off the two-wheeler. He has been admitted to the Bhagwati Hospital. Verma is a resident of Mira Road and will be arrested when he is discharged from the hospital.In a separate case at Sion, a female constable, Sajida Tambe, who was hit by a truck driver on Tuesday, died at the Sion Hospital on Wednesday. The truck driver, Firazuddin Khan, has been arrested for negligence. Tambe (30) was riding a Honda Activa and was travelling from the Nehru Nagar police station in Kurla to Dadar. The accident took place near the Sion bridge around 3.30 pm. Officials said the truck was headed to Thane and first bumped into a car, which spun and crashed into Tambe's bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370268", "title": "Flamingo havens in the state should be protected", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It came as a shock to read the story about the mass massacre of flamingos in the Little Rann of Kutch. Looking at the photograph, one cannot help but think about hedonistic Roman emperors, who relished flamingo meat, which was served as a delicacy, with a separate platter for the bird's brain and tongue! The Roman cooks, fattened the bird on a diet of shrimps, so that the meat had a rose-pink colour.Flamingo meat is a mix between chicken and duck, as it is tender and has a pink colour, as the bird lives on crustaceans, shrimps, worms, larvae, seeds of marsh plants and organic ooze, according to famed ornithologist Salim Ali.The Kamla Nehru Zoological Garden of Ahmedabad has had a long record of breeding flamingos in captivity. It all started, because of Nal Sarovar. In the mid-60s, it was well-known that the people living around the lake were expert bird-catchers. They captured the birds, broke their long legs and sold an Indian-style-Flamingo meat curry with rotlas to tourists.In those days, my father Reuben David did not have flamingos at the zoo. On a trip to Nal Sarovar, much to his horror, he was offered flamingo curry. He refused and negotiated with them, that he would pay twice as much if they gave him live birds without broken legs. They agreed and father started a campaign to save the water birds. He bought trapped birds and took care of their injuries. Slowly, the people who captured the birds sent a message to the zoo, that they had a large consignment and a vehicle was sent to transport them.Around this time, a female Flamingo decided to make her nest in the aviary at the zoo. Like an architect she made a dome-like mound with wet earth in shallow water, giving the nest a conical shape with her curved beak and artistically made a depression in the center, in which she laid an egg. She hatched it and at the end of the month, the first flamingo chick was born in the zoo, looking very beautiful with its red beak, trying to balance itself on its wobbly thin legs and flapping its tiny wings. Later, it multiplied into a huge flock and the zoo created a world record of breeding flamingos in captivity.Today, rules of wildlife conservation have changed. So, what could be done in the 60's may not be possible. It is also known that there are other reasons behind the hunting of flamingos; as its meat is in demand for those who can afford it.It is heart breaking to even imagine the reason of the massacre of the lesser flamingos in the Little Rann of Kutch. We are no animal conservationists to advice, but, maybe forest officals and zoo authorities can put their heads together and the people living in these areas could be requested to save these birds. Maybe, even inform zoo authorities and send injured birds to them, so that the birds can find a new home and give a fresh new blood strain to captive flamingos. Maybe, decisions will be made by the state government, as the debate for and against zoos continues. Till then, let us not destroy the haven of our winged visitors.According to reliable sources, Indian zoos are always in search of flamingos. If an injured bird is provided to any zoo in time, it will accept it and take care of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11374273", "title": "BJP declares names of candidates for nine seats", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Bhartiya Janata Party(BJP) on Wednesday announced the candidates for 9 assembly seats including the prestigious city North assembly constituency from where it has fielded sitting MLA from Bara seat, Uday Bhan Karvariya.Similarly former deputy mayor and party leader, Anamika Chaudhary has been fielded from Karchana assembly constituency.Likewise Prabha Shankar Pandey, Shiv Dutt Patel, Rang Bahadaur Patel, Vidya Kant Tiwari, Tulsi Das Rana have been fielded from Phaphamau, Meja,Pratappur, Handia and Koraon assembly seats. The party had already announced the candidates for city South, Bara and Soraon seats from where former assembly speaker, Kesri Nath Tripathi, Vibhav Nath Bharti and Nirmala Paswan are contesting the elections. However the BJP is yet to announce the candidate for city West and Phulpur seats. tnnThe party had already announced the candidates for city South, Bara and Soraon seats from where former assembly speaker, Kesri Nath Tripathi, Vibhav Nath Bharti and Nirmala Paswan are contesting the elections. However the BJP is yet to announce the candidate for city West and Phulpur seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11369293", "title": "India lags behind China in IT research", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: China is the undisputed leader in computer sciences in the developing world, even though India's trade volume in the information technology sector is pegged at an impressive $63.7 billion.In the last five years up to 2010, while India produced 25,400 papers on computer sciences, China published 222, 900 papers on the subject. These figures are based on 2006-2010 data from SciVal Spotlight, a research tool developed by leading scientific publisher Elsevier. The data will be presented by Elsevier's senior vice president Michiel Kolman at the congress.Data, to be released by Elsevier's senior vice president Michiel Kolman at the ongoing Indian National Science Congress here on Thursday, shows that India might be one of the leading lights of the IT sector, but it does not produce top-end new research in computer sciences.Not even half the papers published in computing science can be categorized as competency or leadership defined on the basis of article market share, citation share etc. India does, however, excel in chemistry. It produces 20.3% of the total pie of scientific literature on chemistry. Nearly 40% of the scientific papers recognized as \"leadership articles\" were also in chemistry, followed by engineering (14.7%), mathematics and physics (10.3%).In medical sciences too, India is not doing much cutting-edge work if the leadership levels of published research are any indication. Only 4% of the published work was cited as falling in the leadership category, while overall 11% were brought out in medical sciences. China, although a leader in computer science, shows a similar trend in medical sciences.India, however, is among the top 10 when measured for output and is growing at one of the highest rates at 14%. The average quality of the papers is also increasing over the past five years. But in an odd phenomenon the papers being published in collaboration with scientists and institutions from the rest of the world is falling over time. This could have to do with the fact that a lot of new research is coming out of centres. besides the established scientific institutions that are not all that networked into the international community.Though the growth in numbers is coming from universities and possibly new institutes, the established players in S&T; research still occupy top 10 slots, headed by Indian Institute of Science and followed by CSIR labs on chemistry and physics and IIT-Kharagpur. In terms of quality of research, CSIR labs for chemistry and physics and Tata Institute of Fundamental Research are doing better in India. Data shows Punjab University is the odd one out. Though Punjab University is producing less than the other top 10 institutions, it is ranked much higher on quality than most.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11374194", "title": "Workshop by Pentashop", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Pentasoft organised a workshop on Cyber Security and Ethical Hacking on Wednesday.Speaker was Prakash Janawade, Mumbai, one of the famous ethical hacker in top 10 in India. Workshop was attended by the students of the institute.The workshop was for 8 hours in two sessions of 4 hours each, said director Manpreet Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11371055", "title": "GRP kicked off safety drive on the day of mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: It is ironic that a few hours before constable Deepak Jadhav was hit by a stone on the harbour line on Monday, the Government Railway Police (GRP) had announced its plan to campaign against stone pelting in slums dotting the tracks as they are home to most such offenders. After Jadhav's case, the police are baffled as the spot near Seawoods station, where he was hit, is not even surrounded by shanties.The GRP had flagged off its Safety Week on Monday. \"We have observed that teenagers from slums are involved in maximum instances of stone pelting. Our plan is to counsel teens, meet their parents and involve social workers to drive home the point of how dangerous this is,\" a senior official said.\"Construction work is on on either side of the tracks where the stone hit Jadhav. We will question the workers, but they usually leave by 7pm and Jadhav was hit after that,\" the official said. \"Another possibility is that the miscreant could be amongst those who cross tracks near the spot. To prevent cases like Jadhav's, the railways need to fence tracks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370730", "title": "Health fair during PBD to promote traditional medicines", "text": "JAIPUR: To make the most of the opportunity opened up by the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD), the state government in collaboration with FICCI has decided to organize a health fair promoting ayurveda, unani and homeopathy at the SMS Investment Grounds from January 6 to 9.Outlining the objective of the fair, health minister A A Khan said the popularity of traditional medicines is on the rise worldwide, and therefore, the fair has been timed in a manner that the NRIs coming for the meet can also attend the health fair.\"A lot of doctors are expected to come during the PBD. These doctors may also want to explore the fair. We have made bus service available to ferry the guests from Birla Auditorium to the fair venue,\" Khan said.The fair will also focus on ailments and diseases that are a result of the modern lifestyle, officials said.Principal secretary (ayurveda) Ashok Shekhar said, \"We have called experts, who will talk about the increasing cases of diabetes, hypertension and depression among urban residents.\"Experts from Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Andhra Pradesh and other states will take part in the fair, he added.Besides, companies selling ayurveda, unani and homeopathy medicines will also put up stalls at the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370710", "title": "On-the-blink traffic signals lead to chaos", "text": "CHENNAI: The traffic signal at the Greenways Road-Chamiers Road junction has been on the blink since Saturday last, causing all-round confusion.On Monday night, with no traffic policeman around, motorists were seen waving their hands frantically, requesting other drivers to stop for a few seconds. \"It was chaotic .If you turn right, you are forced to look and honk at cars in front of you, on your left and right. At night, it's scary. I am surprised that no major accident has occurred so far,\" said Niranjana N of Turnbulls Road. Thesituation was the same on Tuesday and Wednesday morning too.This is not an isolated case. Signals in many areas, including Basin Bridge, Otteri and even Anna Salai, have not been functioning for the last few days. The one on Blackers Road, connecting Adithanar Roadin Egmore to Anna Salai, has been on the blink from Thursday last. \"But there were traffic constables there soitwas alright.But from New Year's eve onwards we have not seen any policemen manning the signal,\" said R Bhaskar, a businessman from Santhome who regularly commutestoE gmore.The traffic police say 4-5 % of the city's 250 signals being outof order is normal. \"There are so many other works and responsibilities, like parking, railway station manning, patrolling etc, so it's not a shortage or vacancy issue. The situation is always like this,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic ), Sanjay Arora.Others say that with all signals being switched on round the clock, wear and tear is inevitable. \"It could be any reason such as the fuse getting burnt, bulb going off, LED lights not working or water seepage, which is why the problem is more frequent during rains,\" said Sanjay Arora.The police are are in the final stages of awarding an 'annual maintenance contract' to private contractors to take care of traffic signals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374806", "title": "Matthew McConaughey to marry in Brazil", "text": "Matthew McConaughey will marry in Brazil.The 'Lincoln Lawyer' actor proposed to Brazilian model and TV star Camila Alves on Christmas Day (25.12.11) and plans are now underway for the couple to tie the knot in Camila's birthplace.A source told Life &amp; Style: \"Camila wants to get married in Brazil with her family all around. She misses the food and the people there, so she's planning a big beautiful Brazilian wedding.\"She's been asking Matthew to put a ring on it forever. She's so happy. It's like a dream.\"Matthew, 42, and Camila, 29, have been together for five years, and have two children together, son Levi, three and daughter, Vida, 23 months.The actor has previously explained how he wanted Camila to feel secure in their relationship as soon as it became serious by buying new home for them in Austin, Texas , which she could add her personal touches to.He said: \"Before this, I had a super home in the Hollywood Hills that I did by myself - landscaping, detailing pretty much everything. But that house was mine. And yeah, we coulda gone in there right away. Camila would have said, 'Fine, don't change a thing.' But I thought, I found the woman I wanna do it with, the woman I wanna make a family with, hopefully live our life out together.\"She needs to have 50 per cent of that. I mean, it's a lot easier for me to be at 100 percent. I'd always been 100 per cent. It's braver for me at 50 per cent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369039", "title": "Trader cheats death as assailant's gun fails to fire", "text": "NAGPUR: Almost a certain murder was averted at Surya Nagar on Tuesday evening as a goon equipped with a firearm failed to operate the weapon at the last moment. The goon also lost the weapon as the victim wrenched and raised an alarm.Sharad Jain, in his late 20s, was taken aback when a youth barged into office of his vegetable trading firm and pulse mill wanting to know who the owner of the place was.As soon as Jain answered he was the owner, the man whipped out a country made pistol and tried to fire aiming towards him. Fortunately, the gun got jammed and failed to fire.\"I do not know who may have sent him or what his objective was. There is no enmity that I can think of,\" said Jain who was also hurt in the scuffle with the assailant. The weapon was .32 bore. Police said there was another cartridge in the magazine. Jain staved off the attack for sometime scuffling with the assailant until his father Roopnarayan and others from the family came to his rescue.The assailant fled when others came in. The Jains resided in the floors above their ground floor office.Roopnarayan said there were three assailants. Two waited outside on the road with a bike while the shooter came inside a short while after he had left for home. \"We leave after the day's work is done and keys of our factory arrive after it is shut,\" he said. Roopnarayan said he had been an old resident of the place and also had been conducting business from here but had never experienced such an incident.\"We have some business related problem with a trader from Itwari whose stocks we had held back in warehouse. Another man whom we had barred from visiting the temple may be also unhappy with us. But we do not who or what prompted the attack,\" said Roopnarayan. Kalamna police have launched a manhunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11369769", "title": "Stop mining to save Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Mining may have generated a few jobs in Goa, however, for every job in the mining sector, over 150 jobs are lost due to fields rendered infertile as a result of mining rejects, mineral toxicity to plants and a shortage of water since mining depletes ground, surface and underground water reservoirs.The over-dependence on mining is due to the fact that mine owners have destroyed water bodies, reservoirs, agricultural fields, forest cover, cashew and fruit plantations.Food and fruit-processing industrial growth can generate enough jobs to sustain drivers of trucks as well as owners of barges and allied persons involved in the \"rape of Goa\".Mining survives in Goa only for the next 30 years. Iron ore is non-replenishable. The extraction of iron ore bleeds mother earth and results in the scourge of respiratory as well all forms of physiological ailments- TB, skin infections, pneumonia and induces depression and fatigue.Goa would soon be prone to earthquakes and volcanic activities which had stopped over 5,000 million years after the earth cooled down to allow Mother Nature to evolve life. The iron ore in the hinterlands has acted as a water reservoir and helped Goa conserve and disseminate spring waters across the length and breadth of the state. The iron ore also helps increase ground water productivity, retention and distribution. Without iron, the hinterland talukas would see an acute water shortage and severe flooding during the monsoon as the mining of iron ore would deprive mother earth of absorption and permeability.By stopping mining we can replenish the earth and sustain our farmers and strengthen livelihood and employment by increasing jobs in water harvesting and bottling industries, generating jobs in agricultural, horticultural, floricultural and forest-based industrial development.It is time for Goans to reflect and analyze the factors needed to envision the holistic and sustainable development of Goa. By supporting mining exports we are encouraging China's imperialism.The Chinese are buying our mother earth at $160 per tonne and flooding Indian markets with steel, toys and equipment. We are thus creating jobs and prosperity in China, leaving Goans to remain as truck drivers and barge operators and killing rice productivity, fisheries output and all traditional occupations, running our health and economy.For over 300 years, the British had the imperial power to take away our tea leaves, raw wool, silk, cotton, coffee beans and timber at dirt cheap rates using technology and a skilled English workforce, and gave India highly-priced branded tea, coffee, garments and built famous palaces like the Buckingham Palace out of Indian timber wholly and entirely.Today, China's economic imperialism has taken over Goa and the members of the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry along with mine owners are betraying Goans. Wake up Goans! Do not let our brethren from the mining talukas to become victims of Goa's rape, which is destroying our future generation by the senseless mining operations.We must avoid starvation, floods in the monsoon, droughts in summer, future desertification, death of agriculture and the absence of green hills with livestock, animal husbandry and milk scarcity. Goans must stop activities which will make them dependent on other states for food, fodder, fuel and fibre. Goans must stop the neo-colonization of Goa and the marginalization of Goans.The mockery of panchayat members sponsored by mining giants, appearing in the media must not deter us from the mission of stopping mining and making Goa resurgent by ushering in a green and clean revolution. We must sustain our water bodies and work towards grains, vegetables, fruits, flowers, milk and fish production to sustain Goa as a paradise on earth forever.(The writer is the former professor of microbiology)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369636", "title": "Police arrest eight for GHMC worker\u2019s murder", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Amberpet police on Wednesday arrested eight persons for their alleged involvement in the murder of a 40-year-old GHMC contract worker. On January 1 at about 9.30 am, GHMC worker Padma, 40, of Raghunath Nagar in Amberpet was murdered by her neighbour Santosh. Santosh along with seven others, including four women from his family, arrived at her house to discuss the previous night's scuffle with her son at the local community hall.According to the Amberpet police, a scuffle ensued between Santosh and Padma's teenage son when the latter was cutting a cake at the community hall on the eve of New Year. \"Santosh arrived at the community hall in an inebriated state and picked up a fight with others. In the melee, Santosh was pushed down to the floor by the other group and he suffered a minor head injury,\" Amberpet inspector A Srinivas said.Immediately after the incident, Santosh approached the police who had sent him to a local hospital for treatment. The next morning, Santosh along with his friends and family members landed at Padma's house and a heated argument ensued between the two families.While the arguments were on, Santosh suddenly pulled out a knife from his pocket and launched an indiscriminate attack on Padma. With multiple stab injuries, Padma collapsed on the spot and she was immediately rushed to Gandhi Hospital. At about 2 pm, she succumbed to her injuries.Police said that the trigger for the murderous attack on the woman was not the scuffle that occurred during the New Year celebrations.\"Five years ago, Santosh's sister Sasirekha, who was in love with Padma's nephew, committed suicide after their relationship turned sour.\"Since then, there had been a cold war between the two families and the murderous attack was a result of the simmering hatred,\" the inspector added.On Wednesday, police nabbed Santosh and seven others from their house and seized the weapon used in the offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11371102", "title": "New Year party animals feasted on flamingo meat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The dead flamingos found in Venasar village were not the work of some desperately poor man's attempt to feed his family. Given the fact that such a large number of birds were killed just before December 31, government officials fear that the massacre was ordered for a party to ring in the New Year. Someone apparently wanted to impress his guests by serving flamingo meat as a delicacy.Officials have arrested two people from the area, who are suspected to be involved in the poaching. They have found meat with the men that the forensic team is examining. Forest officials rushed to Venasar in the Little Rann of Kutch on Wednesday after TOI reported that wildlife activists had found 33 severed heads and legs of lesser flamingos there. They found heads of another 31 flamingos, taking the toll to 64. The team included forensic experts and principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) S K Goyal.Gujarat forests and environment secretary S K Nanda said according to forensic experts, the flamingos were killed about a week ago. \"The poaching took place just before December 31,\" he said.\"Villagers don't seem to have eaten the birds. The meat could have been used for New Year celebrations in a neighbouring district.\" Sources added that there are a number of farmhouses notfar from Venasar. The team has also found nets and poles apparently used to trap the flamingos. Most of the remains were dumped on the nearby coast in the hope that these would be washed away in the high tide. However, the poachers were not as lucky as the remains were strewn by the seaside when the officials reached there.They added that the dead birds were cleaned up before being transported so that,if caught,the poachers could pass off the meat as chicken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369274", "title": "Peak hour power cuts withdrawn", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a breather of sorts for AP Inc, the state government has decided to withdraw the peak hour power cuts between 6.30 pm to 10.30 pm for industries in and around Hyderabad with immediate effect. The one-day power holiday per week for industry would, however, continue.The relief for industry would continue to be in effect till such time as there is any unexpected breakdown of power plants till February, APTransco chairman and managing director Ajay Jain is learnt to have assured a top level delegation of the Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry Fapon Wednesday.According to a press release issued by the apex trade and industry body of AP, the move was a result of a representation made by the Fapcci delegation to Jawahar Reddy, secretary to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy who handles the industry and power portfolios, as well as Jain of APTransco.\"We had a meeting lasting over four hours with Jawahar Reddy and Ajay Jain and urged them to resolve the power shortage issue at the earliest as lakhs of micro &amp; small industries (MSMEs) are on the verge of becoming sick due to power cuts,\" a Fapcci official said.\"We told them that industry is incurring huge losses due to loss of production and customer dissatisfaction with some MSMEs even defaulting on bank repayments due to mounting losses as they cannot afford peak hour power cuts because they operate in two shifts and peak hour power cuts drastically reduce their operating hours,\" the Fapcci official added.According to Fapcci, the government officials also assured them that DISCOMS were planning to buy expensive power to supply to large &amp; medium industries that were willing to purchase it and have dedicated/express feeders. The Fapcci delegation comprised its president VS Raju, industrial development committee chairman Srirama Murthy, energy committee chairman V Anil Reddy and secretary general MV Rajeshwara Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11369676", "title": "Agostinho's 'Puro Tumi Hansleat Tim' highlights the plight of the elderly", "text": "PANAJI: The elderly are not rejects to be dumped in homes for the aged, is the message comedian Agostinho's tiatr 'Puro Tumi Hansleat Tim' seeks to convey.\"For all the sacrifices encountered, they deserve due respect from all the members of their family. Undoubtedly, they have toiled hard to provide a decent living and a bright future to their children. But quite often, during the sunset of their life, they receive the unexpected,\" Agostinho told TOI.The tiatr focuses on the ill treatment the elderly have to suffer at the hands of own sons, following pressure from their wives.Tomas (comedian Agostinho) and Diniz (Tommy) sit over a cup of coffee and discuss how some thoughtless children send their ailing and aged parents to the homes for the aged. As the conversation progresses, Tomas remembers his friend Costa (Olavo de Chinchinim) who was recently admitted to a home for the aged. The duo plans to visit him.Although Tomas and Lucy (Janet) is a childless couple, they are content with their fate and go about accepting everything that comes their way as being part of God's plan for them.Diniz's son Gayel (Salu de Loutulim) and his wife Ruth (Sanida) return after their honeymoon. Trouble sets in when Diniz asks Ruth about her trip. Ruth takes this harmless questioning in bad taste. This leads to the daughter-in-law and her husband deciding to send Diniz to a home for the aged.As Diniz makes plans to visit his friend Costa in the aged home, little does he realize that shortly he too will have to spend the rest of his life there. Over a period of time, Ruth is blessed with a son (Filipe Almeida), who is very attached to Diniz. But does the grandson recognize his grandfather? When truth comes to light in a strange twist of fate, how does the grandson react?Comedian Agostinho scores full marks for a fine script, sleek direction and appealing stage setting. Conscious efforts have been made to bring on stage the plight of those confined to the homes for the aged. Scenes depicting the daily routine at these homes have been well presented and are thought-provoking.Tommy and Olavo de Chinchinim have done justice to their respective roles. Jaju excels in his character role as Candid. Comedy by Agostinho, Janet and Selvy has the audience in splits.Songs rendered by Janet ( IFFI), Jaju/Filipe/Tommy (Amche montri), Tommy (Nelson Afonso), Olavo de Chinchinim (Eleisanvam Ailim) and Salu/Jaju/Tommy (Rakhonddar) convey powerful messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370994", "title": "MP\u2019s kadaknath introduced in city poultry farm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A rare poultry bird, indigenous to Madhya Pradesh, has been recently introduced in the Central Poultry Development Organisation (northern region), Chandigarh.Popularly known as Kadaknath, the black jungle fowl is an aphrodisiac and has medicinal values too. Presently 500 birds have been brought from Madhya Pradesh for the organization.Talking about the special breed, the director, Central Poultry Development Organisation (northern region), Ravi Kumar said, \"We have brought these birds from Madhya Pradesh. Their flesh is black and the meet is beneficial in treating infertility , lack of haemoglobin and lactation problem in mothers.\"This bird breeds easily and does not require any special care as it is native to our country and conditions. \"Our farm is experimenting to find out if the bird can be raised in Punjab and Chandigarh,\" said Ravi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11371049", "title": "\u2018Hygiene was never a priority for railways\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Women commuters have demanded an action plan to increase the number of toilets on the suburban network as the absence of this facility not only restricts their right but can also lead to health complications.Asha Dave, a resident of Vile Parle, said, \"I am not a frequent commuter, but the days when I take the train, I consumer less water as toilets are few and those which exist are in a disgraceful condition-stinking, broken doors and lack of water.\"Many commuters feel the government should come out with an action plan to increase the number ladies toilet at stations. Rosy EL, a commuter from Ghatkopar, said, \"The numbers are low because hygiene has never been a priority of the railways. A target has to be set to increase the number of ladies toilets in a phased manner.\"Gynaecologist Dr Prakash Trivedi said, \"I see many patients who have developed urinary tract infection because of the consumption of less fluid. Because of lack of toilet, they also have a tendency to hold the urine. Consuming less fluid with a tendency to hold passing of the urine can make things worse.\"Kala Suresh, a civic activist from Chembur, said, \"The number of women corporators has increased over the years. But they have failed to provide relief to women commuters.\"Sadiya Khan from Bandra, said, \"Steps should be taken to encourage corporates to take up building and maintenance of toilets. I also feel that government should not try cheap political gimmicks by not rationalizing the fare. Lower fares will lead to a dip in revenue and drop in hygiene at stations.\"Times ViewFigures tell only half the story in this case. For, even toilets that exist on paperespecially those for womenare often unusable. A city, where millions commute for over two hours a day, needs to have an adequate number of clean toilets at every station. A little bit of sensitivity to commuters' needs could go a long way in making Mumbai's suburban train journey a little less unbearable. Clean toilets are as much a necessity at railway stations as they are at home and office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370061", "title": "Defaulters owe Rs 45 cr to MSEDCL: RTI reply", "text": "PUNE: The Pune zone of Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd ( MSEDCL), which has topped the monthly revenue collection in the state, has a large number of residential, commercial and industrial consumers who owe bill arrears over Rs 25,000 to Rs 1 lakh to the power utility.The zone has 19.13 lakh consumers and mops up monthly revenue in excess of Rs 500 crore.In a reply given to a RTI application filed by city-based Sajag Nagrik Manch, the power company on Wednesday revealed that Pune zone has 11,927 residential consumers with arrears over Rs 25,000 each, 545 commercial consumers each having arrears over Rs 50,000 and 209 industrial consumers who owed more than Rs 1 lakh each. The total arrears worked out to Rs 45.02 crore as on December 23, 2011.This has prompted the Sajag Nagrik Manch to submit a memorandum to the Maharashtra electricity regulatory commission asking it to direct the distribution company to publish zone-wise and consumer category-wise details of outstanding/arrears on its website. \"The Rs 405 crore tariff revision sanctioned by the regulatory commission recently be put on hold till minimum 75% of the total arrears are recovered by the power company,\" the memorandum said.Vivek Velankar, founder of the Manch said that the figures given by the Pune zone could be just the tip of the iceberg. \"It shows that the power company is only interested in burdening regular bill-paying consumers by putting proposals before the commission seeking tariff increase,\" he said.Shantanu Dixit, member Prayas energy group said that the power company must also declare what part of arrears are \"unrecoverable\". \"At times the name of the defaulting consumer remains in the arrears list even after the power company has permanently disconnected power supply. The penalty and interest keeps mounting. Such defaulters need to be separated,\" he added.Dixit said, \"The power company must take prompt action when arrears of any consumer cross the monthly bill amount or the amount of security deposit taken from that consumer. In fact, the provision of a security deposit, which is roughly equal to that consumer's monthly bill amount, has been made to help take timely action and not let the arrears pile up,\" he stated.An official from the power utility who spoke on condition of anonymity said that political interference to prevent disconnection of defaulters and to stop recovery was one of the main reasons behind piling up of arrears. \"Now the situation will worsen with civic elections to be held in February,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11368933", "title": "Punjab Polls: Majithia blames Cong of assault", "text": "AMRITSAR: MLA from Majithia constituency Bikram Singh Majithia has blamed Congress activists for assaulting his supporters near Pandhori village on Wednesday. Talking to media persons in a hurriedly convened press conference on Wednesday evening, Majithia claimed that about four dozen activists of Congress party had been following him for few days. \"They are trying to terrorize and threaten me,\" he alleged. He alleged that around 50 activists of Congress party forcibly stopped his supporters, who were traveling in a car near Pandhori and shots fire in air besides damaging their vehicle. \"Two of my supporters Sunny and Babbi were injured in the incident,\" he alleged.He said his supporters had identified Jagvinderpal Singh Jagga and Akash, brother and nephew of Congress leader from the region Sukhjinder Raj Singh Lalli Majithia, who had contested against Majithai in the last assembly elections.Denying the allegations leveled on his relatives, Lalli told TOI that Majithai had concocted the story to implicate his relatives and supporters in false cases. \"When Bikram failed to demoralize Congressmen, he resorted to such cheap tactics,\" said he.SSP, Amritsar (rural), SPS Parmar said that police had received the complaint and he had sent a DSP to verify the facts and record statements of the 'victims'. \"We are verifying the facts and will register complaint on merit,\" said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369163", "title": "Was NMC felicitation programme a code violation?", "text": "NAGPUR: A felicitation programme organized by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation staffers on Tuesday has generated controversy with opposition alleging it was violation of election code of conduct. NMC had promoted about 450 staffers in November 2011.Some among them had arranged a programme to felicitate NMC office bearers and officials to show their gratitude. The programme was scheduled at 3.30 pm on Tuesday.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre said he had evidence to prove the programme was held after the code of conduct came into effect and was thus a violation. \"I am preparing to lodge an objection with the municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal. BJP leaders had done inauguration of a community hall constructed in Ambedkar Society located in Takli Sim at 11.30 am on Wednesday. I have photographs in my possession and will lodge an objection in this regard also,\" he said.The State Election Commission (SEC) had declared the election programme before 3.30 pm and with it the code had come into force. Sources in NMC said that on Tuesday, when mayor Archana Dehankar entered the NMC premises, her driver parked the official vehicle and removed the red-beacon.Later, he handed over the keys of the vehicle to administration along with logbook. The time of handing over mentioned in the logbook is 3.30 pm. It means Dehankar and NMC staff were aware of declaration of election programme at that time.Deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe also reached NMC's Standing Committee hall where the function was held at 3.45 pm. Dehankar followed by MLA Krishna Khopde reached at 4 pm. After their felicitation, the three of them came out at 4.35 pm. Besides, officials were also invited for the programme. Many of the officials were present in the NMC office itself but restricted themselves as code of conduct came into effect. If all these are considered, the questions may be raised on the felicitation programme.\"Code of conduct comes into force with declaration of election programme. After that, NMC staffers should not felicitate office bearers, that too in NMC office. I have no idea about timings of this programme,\" said an official. Dehankar told TOI, the programme was organized at 3.30 pm. \"There is no controversy on it as it concluded before code came into force,\" she asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11375133", "title": "Not one good word from the industry: Unni Menon", "text": "It is not every day that a slow melody registers such a huge impact on the young and the old alike. But Unni Menon's song, Mazhaneer Thullikal in V K Prakash's runaway hit Beautiful, did just that.Even as he is happy with the overwhelming response he garnered for the song that brought him back to the limelight after a while, Unni doesn't hide his disappointment over the fact that no one from the Malayalam music industry responded to his song.\"Despite being flooded with praise for the melody, I haven't got one good word from the Malayalam film industry. Beautiful is a different film that does not employ the tried and tested formulae to make a hit. I'm glad to be associated with the project,\" the singer says.Now in his 25th year into playback singing, Unni is happy to be associated with young music directors like Ratheesh Vega. \"I don't believe in being a singer who boasts of the number of songs he has rendered in filmdom. I'd rather be one who has to his credit songs that have been noticed and received well. Which is why associating with young music directors who dare to experiment is a pleasure.\" The young music revolution in Kollywood ought to catch up in Mollywood, too, he says. \"Yuvan Shankar Raja, Vijay Prakash ....the list is endless in the Tamil music scene. It is time for Mollywood to follow suit.\" The singer adds that 2012 will have him singing for a number of them in Kollywood. \"Yes, I'll have at least 15 songs in K-town this year.\"But why is it that he is not heard in Mollywood often? \"I've never had that aggressive gene,\" he laughs. \"In all these years, I haven't gone knocking at doors for opportunities or pampered anyone's ego to give me a chance in their films. Even now, I haven't cashed in on the success of my song in Beautiful. But yes, I have been offered a few songs after the song becoming a hit,\" the singer winds up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372294", "title": "Indian Public School wins Kuwait Cluster Football Championship", "text": "Indian Public School won the championship for the 13th Kuwait Cluster Football Championship, held on the 30th, 31st October and 1st November 2011.Beating IIS (M) (0, 9) and ICSK (0, 3) Indian Public School launched into the quarter finals. In the match against Indian English Academy in the quarter finals, the agile players of Indian Public School beat their opponent by 3 - 1 goals. In the semi-final the confident IPS players played with vigour and determination.They defeated United Indian School (2, 0). The final match was a tough one against Jabriya Indian School. Armed with the killer Instinct, IPS beat JIS and bagged the trophy scores (2, 0).IPS has been the champion school from the year 2004 to 2009. 5 years at a stretch! The mission of reclaiming their victory after 2 years of drought was a successful one. This trophy is another feather in IPS Cap. Mr Kenneth Rodrigues, the Principal of IPS congratulated the winner and the PE teachers Mr Thomaskutty and Mrs Kalaivani for their hard work, team spirit and faith in themselves, the students and the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11372414", "title": "Eight injured in leopard attack in Karimganj", "text": "SILCHAR: At least eight villagers including a child were injured at Kaliganj village in Karimganj district when a leopard attacked them on Tuesday.Reports from the village, eight km from the border town of Karimganj, on Wednesday said the leopard suddenly appeared in the village on Tuesday afternoon and pounced on some children who were playing in a paddy field.Although many of the kids managed to flee, a 10-year-old boy was injured when the leopard attacked him. The animal took away a big chunk of flesh from the child's leg. On hearing about the incident, villagers came out with lathis and weapons to chase away the animal.However, later in the evening, the leopard again appeared in the village and attacked some other people, injuring them. The five injured persons have been identified as Abikul Islam (10), Imran Ali (20), Mustaq Ahmed (20), Nazrul Islam (20) and Mizir Uddin (27).The injured have been admitted to Kaliganj civil hospital. Imran Ali's condition is critical.Officials of the forest department on Wednesday rushed to the village and found the leopard sitting on a branch of tree. But in the absence of tranquilizer, net or other equipment, the forest officials had no other option but to chase away the wild animal.However, a sense of fear has gripped the villagers. They have been guarding the village with the help of lathis, daos and other weapons and are lighting fires at various places to keep the animal at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "beijing/new delhi", "code": "11367854", "title": "China finally detains 5 for Yiwu horror", "text": "BEIJING/NEW DELHI: Two Indian traders who were being held hostage in the town of Yiwu by Chinese merchants who had lent money to their firm were freed on Wednesday and escorted by policemen to Shanghai.The release of Shyamsundar Agarwal and Deepak Raheja came within hours of the Chinese foreign ministry assuring New Delhi that they would be protected from the lynch mob outside their hotel against the debtors. Five local businessmen who kidnapped the two traders mid-December have been booked. \"I am very happy with the outcome,\" foreign minister S M Krishna said. P 9\"They have been released. They are on their way to Shanghai,\" S Jaishankar, Indian ambassador in China, told TNN. In Delhi, foreign minister S M Krishna said, ``I am very happy with the outcome. Traders have been released and they are on their way to Shanghai under consular officers' security.\"\"We have friendly relations with China. Let's not blow this incident out of proportion. We should look at it objectively. Both the traders will take care of themselves in the civil-suit case in China,\" he added.Zhang Yan, Chinese ambassador to India, met Krishna this afternoon and assured him that the Indian businessmen would be protected. On his way out, he told waiting reporters, \"\"We are coordinating. We are working hard to solve the issue. Everything will be settled through Chinese law.\"Agarwal and Raheja will still have to remain in China because there is a case against them and their passports have been impounded. But they have been struggling to leave Yiwu because they said they had come under threat of machete-wielding Chinese groups, and feared for their lives.Although refusing to acknowledge that the Indian dup had been in illegal detention for over two weeks, the Chinese foreign ministry acted swiftly after India issued a travel advisory to its businessmen to stay away from Yiwu. On Wednesday, they said they had detained five persons in connection with the case.Speaking to journalists, Agarwal and Raheja said the hotel they had been kept was surrounded by angry and armed Chinese who continued to threaten them. At one stage the said they had contemplated suicide if the Indian government did not free them. Sources said such behaviour is apparently common among foreigners in Yiwu, but things had come to a head this time.However, in their weekly foreign office briefing the Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson said India should ensure that its businessmen abide by local laws and keep faith in trade transactions. \"China hopes that the Indian side will look at this case from objective and just perspective and educate and get the Indian businessmen in China to abide by Chinese laws and regulations and conduct business in good faith\", foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said. But he did not directly refer to the Indian travel advisory.The case exploded when an Indian diplomat at the Shanghai consulate S Balachandran collapsed after six hours of negotiations to free the Indians in Yiwu. He said he had not been given food or drink or even allowed to have his medicines which he needed as a diabetic. He fainted when he was walking out of the courthouse with the two Indians clinging to him, and the angry Chinese lynch mob in front.The Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson denied reports that Balachandran was denied food and medicine. \"Relevant reports saying that the Indian consular official was forbidden to take food and medicine and was besieged during his stay in Yiwu are not true,\" Hong said.Local authorities have already taken stern action against five local businessmen found to be involved in the wrongful confinement of the two Indians, he said. He said the incident of kidnapping was an isolated incident and did not reflect on the overall situation in Yiwu. \"It is only an individual case caused by economic dispute and Chinese judicial authorities are dealing the case in accordance with the law,\" he added.The two Indians say they were kept under confinement by local traders after their employer, a Yemeni, defaulted in payments worth several million renminbi. The traders were trying to recover money from them although they did not participate in the transactions, they said. \"They are afraid and the local police have taken measures to ensure their security. Public Security officials of Yiwu have adopted criminal enforcement measure against five suspects who were involved in illegal detention and relevant case is due for investigation,\" the foreign ministry spokesman said.Hong said, \"China is a country under the rule of law and it attaches great importance to China-India relations\". China strictly abides by the Vienna Convention on consular relations and ensures the \"physical security\" of foreign consular officials, he said. \"Yiwu is the largest trading market of small goods. We welcome businessmen from around the world to conduct their business there,\" Hong added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370976", "title": "Rs 80cr proposals passed despite code of conduct", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the election code of conduct came into effect, the civic standing committee passed \"routine\" proposals worth Rs 80 crore, with few of them awaiting state election commission (SEC) approval. For the first time, the media was barred from the standing committee meeting, raising doubts about the civic body's intentions.Though there was no state election commission (SEC) directive, the administration exercised its discretionary power, stalling the media. Sources say the SEC has sought minutes of the meeting and the civic body is likely to discuss the agenda of the house which will take place on Thursday.The administration barred the media claiming some proposals could have violated the code and created confusion. Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said, \"Only routine proposals like repairs and maintenance were passed. We took the decision as the agenda for the meeting was distributed earlier this week and it had proposals which could violate the code. No such proposals which would be seen as influencing voters have been passed at this meeting. All were routine proposals.\"TOI has learnt that 19 items of the standing committee meeting were circulated earlier this week but another 20 were distributed late on Tuesday evening. \"I received the agenda on Tuesday night and I had no time to go through it,\" said a corporator.Chand Goel, additional chief secretary, state election commission, told TOI, \"The civic administration has been told to meet us. It is difficult to comment on the developments in the BMC at this stage.\" The distribution of additional proposals after the code was announced has raised eyebrows. Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said, \"We had distributed the additional items in the afternoon. There is nothing to worry as the proposals were routine.\"A noteworthy proposal approved was SGS Consultancy being awarded a contract worth Rs 6.78 crore to audit road work. The proposal was awarded after standing committee members inspected the firm's performance. No changes were made in the proposal despite a hue and cry by standing committee members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11374708", "title": "Indore: BAMS students cut up over Vice Chancellor response", "text": "INDORE: Annoyed at 'poor' valuation of papers, students lodged protest at the DAVV administrative block on Wednesday. But the agitating students had to go back disappointed after officiating vice chancellor of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) asked them to approach the court for redressal of grievance. A day earlier, the MBBS students protested against the alleged delay in result declaration.On Wednesday, more than 50 students of BAMS and BSc met officiating vice chancellor Dr Rajkamal and complained about the poor evaluation. Their grouse: Only one out of 35 candidates could pass in 'Dravya Gun Vigyan' paper of BAMS.Last month, the students had sought answer sheets through RTI application. On Wednesday, students found that 34 were allotted four marks in 30 mark questions.Alleging poor marking, students requested the officiating vice chancellor to take up the matter before the review committee, but the V-C reportedly did not approve of it and instead advised them to go to court. \"I cannot help if students do not study and get poor marks. If students have problems with marking system they should move the court,\" said Dr Rajkamal. Similarly, scores of BSc students reached university to register their complaint for poor marking.Students of MBBS first, who had raised slogan against the varsity to declare results on Tuesday, were in for a shock when they learnt that the Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC) faculty members did not check answer-sheets till date. On enquiring from examiners in the MGMC, the varsity officials found that the examiners delayed the results.Sources said the faculty members did not check the copies as varsity did not pay them for checking the copies. Now, the university is making other arrangements to speed up result declaration.\"The examiners did not check answer sheets so results were not declared on time. But, alternative arrangements have been made and results would be declared soon,\" said Dr Rajkamal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11371019", "title": "Heritage structure faces axe to make way fro BIA", "text": "BANGALORE: Is the Chikkajala fort a monument or a private property in dispute? Part of the fort which is being mowed down for construction of the High Speed Rail Link to BIA has now been disowned by the Archaeological Survey of India.This building is on the road side of the expressway to Bangalore International Airport (BIA), six kilometers before the airport. The road extends to National Highway (NH) 7 and the demolition has begun. Shockingly, on Wednesday when TOI visited the spot, from heritage walkers to localites, everyone had a different version on the history of the fort.The wall had posters or sign boards saying that the building is a private property and different posters read out names of different claimers. As for NHAI, they have demolished half the wall and have acquired 10 meters of the fort wall and land to widen the expressway and also for the high speed rail link which is going to be built by the Bangalore metro corporation.NHAI SPEAK:\"Nobody objected at the time of notification of the project and also when we began the work. Besides, the onus was also on part of Archeological survey of India, to alert the NHAI authorities at the time of land acquisition. It is not a protected building and we are not going to damage any part of the fort but only demolish the wall,\" said AK Mathur, regional officer, NHAI Bangalore.RK Gupta, project director of NHAI told TOI, \"This 10 mts that we have acquired includes road widening and also for the HSRL project. The wall will go but nothing will happen to the fort. If any agency demands compensation, we are ready to pay them. The central government notified to some agency to acquire this land which I am not so sure right now.\"HISTORIAN SPEAk\"I never called it as a fort. I am told that it's a private property in dispute, but because of its high wall it looks like a fort. Inside the structure, there is a Pushkarani (pond).This is not a protected monument under state Archaeological department. However, I will be talking to the NHAI authorities not to raze the structure,\" said H M Siddana Gowda, Deputy Director of the Museums and Heritage Department.G S Narasimhan, Superintending Archaeologist, Archeological survey of India completely denies that the structure is under their purview. However, the ASI website terms this structure as \"Pre-historic site.\"Eminent historian Suryanath Kamat made it clear that the fort is not a historic monument. \"It was not a fort but a choultry to house hundreds of people with fine fortified wall on the main road to protect the houses. This wall was built only in 19th century and even a Hanuman temple behind the wall are built in 19th century. It was never a historic monument for sure,\" said Kamat.He said a woman had rented out several rooms within the compound of the building. \"When we questioned her to speak she never spoke and neither did she allow her tenants speak to me. I wanted to write to the Tourism department to make it into a good hotel but somehow I never did that,\" he added.Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage has condemned the move of NHAI. \"The government should not erase history. The demolition must be stopped immediately. We must save the heritage structure \" said a researcher at INTACH .Eom/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11371017", "title": "Sole breadwinner wed 8 months ago", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Loud shrieks of constable Deepak Jadhav's widow Priyanka tore through the studied silence of mourners gathered at Shreeji Cooperative Housing Society in Kamothe.Priyanka, who is in her early 20s, married Jadhav just eight months ago.The couple stayed in a flat in Sector 6 with Jadhav's mother and two younger brothers, Ganesh and Vijay, both of whom are also in their early 20s. Jadhav's brothers were inconsolable and kept saying, \"Dada, hey kai jhala? (Brother, how did this happen?).\"\"Jadhav was the sole bread winner of his family. One of his brothers recently started working part-time for a private firm, but the family was dependent on Jadhav. Both his brothers looked up to him,\" said a family friend on Wednesday evening.Jadhav, said neighbours, was very happy after tying the knot with Priyanka.\"Deepak was very hard working. He was earlier posted at the Government Railway Police (GRP) chowky in Vashi and later deputed to the office of the assistant commissioner of police in Mankhurd,\" said senior inspector (Vashi) B D Bhujhbal.In fact, the constable's father, Dnyaneshwar, died five years ago while still working with the railway police. Jadhav was recruited into GRP as a special case so that he could support his family.\"It is tragic that someone's idea of fun-to throw a stone at a running train has claimed one life and left his family of four devastated,\" said another neighbour.Jadhav had been staying in his modest flat in C wing for the last six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369666", "title": "HUDA gives \u2018last chance\u2019 to KoD to pay dues", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has decided to give one last chance to the city's entertainment hub, Kingdom of Dreams (KoD), pay up the Rs 9 crore it owes to HUDA. If KoD fails to comply this time, it faces closure.HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar on Wednesday said that the KoD was issued notices in the past and the final decision about the dues would be taken once HUDA gets to know their side of the story. \"If there is any mistake in our calculation of dues, it will be sorted out and they will have to pay accordingly,\" he added.HUDA and Great Indian Nautanki Company had signed an agreement in February 2008 to set up KoD and the land was leased out for 15 years to the company. According to the agreement, the firm had to pay Rs 36 lakh per month as rent and the company had to invest Rs 40 crore for the development of the site.The company took possession of the land in March 2008. HUDA has already issued notices under three different sections of the HUDA Act to the private firm, Great India Nautanki Company, to clear the outstanding amount within the stipulated time frame.The first two notices were issued in June 2011 and the pending amount till June was Rs 5.83 crore and it increased to Rs 7.63 crore by November. The third notice was issued later and the former administrator, Nitin Yadav, had called a meeting of KoD officials to clarify why they were not making payment.The company representatives had appealed for one-year relief since the firm had invested Rs 200 crore for construction. Now the authority will issue the final notice in the next couple of days. If the company fails to clear the dues within two days of the notice, the project can be sealed. The KoD on its part claimed that it has not received any notice from HUDA. Gagan Sharma, managing director of the firm, told TOI that they had pleaded to HUDA to give them an extension of two years to pay the outstanding amount.\"There are a lot of miscalculations which we have been brought to the notice of officials and we have not yet received any response. The government had allowed it to be free of charge for one year, which has not been taken into account while calculating the dues. Also the date of possession in the documents differs from the actual date of possession given to the company and that is supposed to be recalculated,\" Sharma added.He added that the company had already paid the rent for 15 months. \"The department had to get back to us with the revised calculation as our plea was recommended to the chief administrator.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372205", "title": "LIU checks GSVM premises", "text": "KANPUR: The sleuths of Local Intelligence Unit (LIU) carried out a search drive at Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Medical College and its associated hospital, LLR, on Wednesday.During the drive, the medical college premises, including student hostels, lecture halls, bike stand, storehouse, was checked. The sleuths used hand-held metal detectors and checked every nook and corner of the medical college.Principal, GSVM, Dr Anand Swaroop said it was a routine check-up. A senior police official said in wake of upcoming elections and to strengthen security apparatus of the city, the checks were carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370834", "title": "New lease of life for Afghan national", "text": "JAIPUR: City based doctors have saved the life of an Afghan national, who was earlier operated upon in Pakistan for removal of kidney stone. The patient came to Jaipur with complaints of pain and urine infection. Some three months ago, she has undergone a surgery and the stone was removed in Peshawar in Pakistan through a long incision open surgery. After the surgery, the kidney stopped functioning and the patient complained of recurrent pain and urine infection.A private hospital doctor, Dr Sandeep Gupta, who operated on the patient, said, \"Removal of this non functioning kidney was essential because during pregnancy this can lead to serious infection and can cause damage to both mother and baby.\"He said in the first operation, the doctors there tried to save the kidney but they failed to do so, which is why, the kidney became non-functional.The doctors claimed that doing second surgery on the same kidney is very difficult. \"Because of the previous surgery, the important vital structures of the kidney and the intestines are adhered to each other. Thus, there is a risk of injuring intestines and major blood vessels of the body during such redo cases,\" Gupta said.Complex surgeries are done through laparoscopic key hole surgery. In this case the kidney, was removed by three small punctures. The patient was allowed to take light diet after four hours of surgery and was discharged within two days.Naeem Khan , a relative of the patient said, \"In Afghanistan , there are not such hospitals as in India. Afghan nationals go to Pakistan or come to New Delhi for medical services. But, I like Jaipur as I came here and I did not find any difficulty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bankura", "code": "11370291", "title": "Contract farming way out for potato growers", "text": "BANKURA: Plummeting potato prices for three consecutive years have prompted farmers to switch to contract farming this season. The reason is obvious. No one wants to get burdened with loans after the farming when it costs Rs 14,000 a bigha. The trend is picking up in as many as 19 blocks of south Bengal - Hooghly, Burdwan, Birbhum, West Midnapore, Howrah and Bankura.\"Potato farming is becoming disastrous with packets of the crop kept in cold storage offered at 50 paisa or one rupee a kilo without any taker,\" said Meghanjan Dutta of Shiromonipur village under Kotulpur block in Bankura.For them, tying up with the PepsiCo India is the only alternative for an assured return. \"It's not that they are offering much. But at least we are assured of the return six months ago. Also, we don't have to take the produce to the local mundi or transport them to the cold storage on our own,\" Dutta said.What is the contract? The farmer gives his land and labour. PepsiCo officials provide the seed - Atlanta and Chipsona - different from the traditional Jyoti or Pokhraj variety and the technology support. They supervise the cultivation and give advice to farmers from time to time. After the yield they take the produce to their own storage. The farmer gets Rs 6 for each kilo of potato. Advantage for the hapless farmers is that they get to know about the procurement price while they start sowing the seeds. They get crop insurance, seeds and loans from PepsiCo agents that they need to pay after the yield.Meghraj Dutta, owner of 6 bigha of land, has had enough of traditional cultivation.\"We didn't take to contract farming last year though the PepsiCo came to our village. We thought that the price on offer by the company was too low compared to the profit we made in the open market four years ago. But it didn't happen. Prices kept falling despite the rising input costs such as seeds, fertilisers, insecticides. I can't take it any more. I thus opted for contract farming though the procurement price is not high. The second thing is that the company won't take all the produce. It will grade potatoes and take those that suit its requirement. It becomes difficult to sell the reject low sugar potato variety. But then it is better than what we are facing now,\" Dutta said.Owner of two-bigha land Chittaranjan Nandi of Panahar village has also joined hands with PepsiCo. \"With the profit I earned five years ago I married off my two daughters. Now I can't support my son studying at the Chandernagore Government College even. I can't take the risk,\" Nandi said. Shyamsundar Guin from the Galsi block in Burdwan is also going for contract farming on 10 bighas of land. \"Some farmers in the Kalna block have also opted for contract farming,\" Guin said.Sensing the mood, the PepsiCo Holdings India has doubled its target this year. It plans to rope in 9,000 farmers doing the job in 5,000 acres of land. Assistant manager PepsiCo, Fritolay division Prabal Roy said: \"We are not going for direct purchase from farmers. We are procuring the produce through vendors. Last year purchased 10,000 tonnes of potato and sent it our stores. We plan to procure 20,000 tonnes this season. We won't release this potato in the market. We thank the state government and officials of allowing us approach the villagers.\"Incidentally, PepsiCo made an entry into potato farming in Hooghly during the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government. During the Left Front tenure, it could not make foray in Bankura because of political opposition.Sukdeb Shyam of Baghrol village in Bankura, however, stood out as one who has taken to traditional farming even this season. Shyam owns 15 bighas of land and is in a position to sustain the loss. \"I suffered a loss of Rs 7,000. But I am not into contract farming. I hope to make profits from the traditional variety this season. The price on offer by the PepsiCo is not encouraging,\" said Shyam.Deputy director Bankura agriculture division Abani Mohan Hazra said PepsiCo approached the division. \"Their (PepsiCo) officials told us that the company had been carrying out commercial farming on an experimental basis. This time, they want to go for it in a big way. With farmers in distress we chose not prevent them. We asked them to get in touch with the farmers directly and carry out the cultivation if they agree,\" Hazra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11368697", "title": "26 seats reserved for women in Wardha Zilla Parishad", "text": "WARDHA: 26 seats have been reserved for women in the 51-member Wardha zilla parishad the list. The seats allotment will have an impact on the upcoming assembly and parliament election as the local bodies' polls will bring in many new faces, especially women, in politics.Seats allocations for women include 7 for OBC, 12 for general, 2 for scheduled castes and 5 for scheduled tribes. While for general, OBC, scheduled caste and tribe, 12, 7, 3 and 3 seats have been allocated respectively. It is now clear that male of dominant castes who used to lead ZP earlier will be left with only 10 to 12 seats. The face of ZP will therefore undergo changes.However, there is little scope for the male in general category in 5 talukas where only one seat has been left. The rest are reserved. Arvi, Selu, Deoli, Samudrapur and Hinganghat talukas have one general seat each while 2 seats each are there in Karanja and Ashti for general candidates. Three general candidates can fight from Wardha taluka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11368971", "title": "Punjab politicians spent 'much less than allowed' in 2007 polls, but wanted ceiling hike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Going by Punjab politicians' word on their poll expenditure, not much money was spent during the 2007 elections by the three main parties.Bewildering, but leaders of Congress, SAD and BJP, who contested last elections, in their affidavits to Election Commission , have claimed to have spent money within the expenditure limit, which was Rs 10 lakh.Data released by watchdogs -- Punjab Election Watch and Association for Democratic Reforms -- on Wednesday revealed that the average claimed expenditure by winners and runners-up was a mere Rs 5.11 lakh.The winners and runners-up, on an average, claimed to have utilized only 51% of the expenditure limit of Rs 10 lakh available to them.There was also hardly any difference in the average claimed spending of all the parties.The average claimed poll spend of Congress, SAD and BJP was Rs 5.07 lakh, Rs 5.27 lakh and Rs 4.97 lakh respectively.Ranjit Singh of SAD from Raikot constituency was the only candidate, who is the highest spender among the total 232 statements of contestants the watchdogs analyzed, with a declared 90% utilization of expense limit, at Rs 9 lakh.Ram Kumar of BJP from Abohar claimed to have spent the lowest amount of Rs 98,968 in the elections.As per data, 45% candidates claimed to have spent less than 50% of the limit.While Raikot was the highest expenditure constituency with average claimed expanses of Rs 8,73,948, Khadoor Sahib was the lowest average expenditure constituency at Rs 1,56,711.Jalanadhar had the highest average expenditure of Rs 5,93,031 among districts and Tarn Taran had the lowest with Rs 3,47,836.Jagdeep Chhokar, founder-member of ADR, said that the amounts claimed by politicians was too low and did not match the actual expenses.\"These figures are not indicative of the real expenditure,\" said Chhokar.\"Huge unaccounted money is spent during elections. This is basically black money used in polls and is a danger to the democracy,\" said Chhokar.\"On the one hand, politicians claim to spend so little during elections and on the other, they demand increase in expenditure limit,\" added Chhokar.The expenditure limit for the coming elections in Punjab has been increased from Rs 10 lakh to Rs 16 lakh.Box:Statements analyzed by watchdogs : 232Average expenditure claimed by winners and first runners up: Rs 5.11 lakh51% candidates claimed to have utilized this much of poll expenditure limit of Rs 10 lakhCongress average expenditure claim: Rs 5.07 lakhSAD average expenditure claim: Rs 5.27 lakhBJP average expenditure claim: Rs 4.97 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11368992", "title": "Traffic jams in Manali take the fun out of holidays", "text": "MANALI: Unavailability of adequate parking space in Manali and its various tourist spots including Rohtang, Marhi, Vashisht and Manikaran, besides Hadimba temple, spoils things for tourists, who are left dealing with this problem, besides traffic congestion for hours together than having fun.Random parking on roads also causes long traffic jams. Tourists end up spending quite a bit of their time in either finding parking space or waiting for traffic jams to ease. Things get worse during public holidays, long weekends and the holiday season, when hordes of tourists descend on Manali. A 20 km narrow road stretch between Kothi and Marhi where heaps of snow is lying along the roadside is attracting tourists. But there are traffic jams when they leave their cars parked on the highway to have some fun in the snow. \"Visiting Solang Valley was hardly fun, as we spent half an hour parking the car and around two hours to get out of the jam,\" said Nipun, a tourist from Delhi who had come to Manali with his family to celebrate New Year. He said they had to face similar conditions at other places in Manali where vehicles were parked haphazardly.Marhi and Beas Nullah have parking capacity of around 200 vehicles but more than 2,000 vehicles coming here everyday makes things difficult. Hadimba temple and Vashisht, each have a parking capacity of 50 vehicles, Manikaran can accommodate maximum of 300 vehicles and Solang valley has a parking capacity of 400 vehicles. However the number of vehicles that reach these places is much more than their parking capacity. All seven parking places in Manali can accommodate a maximum of 1,000 vehicles which is insufficient for an average of 5,000 local and tourist vehicles here.\"On one occasion I had to park my car about 1.5 km away from my hotel as the hotel parking was full,\" said Navneet Singh, a tourist from Ludhiana who said that the government should not allot licences to those hoteliers who do not have sufficient parking space. \"Most of the hotels have similar problems here which irks tourists. When hotels sell their rooms online, they assure customers that they have sufficient parking space but the reality is quite different,\" he added.Explaining the major causes of traffic jams, police officials say that tourists and local taxi drivers don't cooperate with them and break traffic rules. City traffic in-charge Ramesh Kumar said police tries to be welcoming to tourists, but they create severe traffic bottlenecks. He added, \"Border Roads Organization has officially closed the Manali-Rohtang highway for all vehicles and heaps of snow along the roadside have engulfed half of the highway. However people still go there and the portions of the highway which don't have snow, become a parking lot for them. People park their vehicles wherever they see an empty space and disappear from there.\"Manali DSP Shamsher Singh said they challan vehicles for wrong parking but tourists, who just want to have fun don't pay heed to traffic laws. \"Now ahead of the off-season in Manali the traffic burden on roads is decreasing gradually and traffic is running smoothly. Conditions get difficult during holidays. Competition to get ahead of others causes jams on narrow bridges and roads,\" he said.Kullu MLA Govind Singh Thakur said some roads are being widened and remaining roads would be widened shortly. He said new parking spaces are proposed to be built across the city. \"We are working towards resolve traffic problems in Manali. Some parking places are proposed to be built under the Manali master plan while we are looking for land for parking at other places,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11368849", "title": "3 including wife of former head constable held for swindling", "text": "COIMBATORE: City rural police have arrested three persons including a woman who collected money from various persons, promising them government jobs, on Wednesday. Police suspect that they swindled at least Rs 2 crore from residents in and around Coimbatore district.The accused were identified as Vasantha, 52, from Kavundampalayam and her accomplices Mouna Guru, 54 of Ondipudur and Sampath alias Thirugnana Smapantham, 32 from Vellalore.Police said, the trio accepted money from victims, promising to get them government jobs including that of deputy collector, thasildhar, superintendent, accountant and junior assistant postings. When the victims realized they were duped, they demanded their money back. The accused gave fake appointment orders to the victims to buy time.Coimbatore rural police received over 40 complaints from district and city police.Immediately, the all women police station at Thudiyalur registered a case against the trio and arrested them on Wednesday. Police said that Vasantha's husband was a head constable who had retired 15 years ago.\"We received many complaints from the public based on which we have arrested them. Victims can lodge their complaints at the Coimbatore district crime branch police station,\" said E S Uma, Superintendent of Police, Coimbatore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11368995", "title": "500 tourists trapped in snow on Manali-Rohtang highway", "text": "MANALI: At least 500 tourists in 150 vehicles are trapped between Gulaba and Marhi stretch of road after unexpected heavy snowfall blocked the Manali-Rohtang highway on Wednesday evening. It was still snowing when reports last came in, even rescue teams reached the spot and started operation to evacuate the trapped tourists. Dozens of local youths had also reached the spot along with their snow scooters and four-wheeled mountain bikes to help in rescue operation.\"There is nothing to worry about. We have found all the tourists and everybody is out of danger,\" Manali DSP Shamsher Singh said over phone from Gulaba.Since the Border Roads Organization had announced the Manali-Leh highway closed after November 30 and people were plying on this route only at their own risk, the administration has requested its help to reach the victims, said a source.Manali SDM Balbir Thakur, who is supervising the search and rescue operation, said, \"Though the highway was blocked after sudden snowfall, tourists are enjoying this moment here. As a precautionary measure, movement of vehicles has been stopped on this route.\"The first snowfall of 2012 has delighted tourists and fruit growers in Kullu. Met department has predicted more snowfall on Thursday and Friday. Rohtang pass has received 30cm fresh snow. Marhi, Gulaba, Kothi, Solang and Manali town received 25cm, 15cm, 12cm, 14cm and 5cm fresh snow, respectively. Administration has issued an advisory against venturing close to isolated mountains in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372429", "title": "Undertrial consumes poison, hospitalised", "text": "KANPUR: An undertrial, Siraju, consumed poison on Kanpur court premises on Wednesday. He was rushed to hospital by authorities.According to police, Siraju, an accused of heinous crimes, had been summoned by the additional district and sessions judge V of Kanpur Nagar for a hearing. When he was returning from the court room to the lockup, he consumed a dye.Later, at the lockup, he complained of pain and nausea and the lockup incharge rushed him to UHM Hospital from where he was referred to LLR Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11371013", "title": "Hunt on for 1,465 more polling booths", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body faces a huge challenge of scouting for new polling booths across the city with the increase in voters. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has 1,465 more booths for the elections on February 16, as per directions from the state election commission (SEC). In 2007, there were 6,951 booths across the city.There are 16 lakh more voters with registrations touching one crore, compared to last year's 83.88 lakh.While the SEC has relaxed norms by allowing the BMC to have 1,200-1,400 voters per booth, finding ground floor polling stations was a humongous task. Many housing societies, including one of civic employees, turned down BMC requests to set up polling booths. \"We ended up having mainly municipal and private schools, private halls and samaj mandir halls made from MLA funds for slum rehab projects,\" a civic official said.The SEC had directed the BMC to have only ground floor booths and upper storey booths only in buildings with lifts. The election department had said that most structures that housed the 6,951 booths during the last elections did not have lifts.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said there was also a challenge of gathering people to manage booths. \"They are usually government officials or school staff; this year we have around 55,000 people to manage 8,416 booths,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370235", "title": "Court refuses bail to Saiyed murder case accused", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City session court turned down bail plea of an accused in RTI activist Nadeem Saiyed murder case on Wednesday. The court denied bail to Parvez Pathan, who is among the 11 accused arrested in gruesome killing case.A witness in the Naroda Patia massacre case of 2002, Saiyed, was brutally murdered in the Juhapura area of Ahmedabad on November 5. He was stabbed 28 times by four men.Crime branch officials had arrested Pathan when it was found that many accused in the murder case where in touch with him on the fateful day. Police officials said that Pathan had helped the accused flee and hide after the murder. Police had also recovered clothes of the four assailants who came on a motorcycle and attacked Saiyed when he had stepped out to buy a newspaper.Pathan had prayed in his application that there are no evidence to suggest his involvement in the crime and that he knew nothing of the incident. Police officials had submitted in the court that soon after the murder Pathan had taken the accused to Anand where he and others stayed at the house of Arif Saiyed for a week. He then took them to Petlad and then Karamsad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11373005", "title": "Posco camp ransacked", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The Posco camp office in Jagatsinghpur's Nuagaon gram panchayat was ransacked by some persons on Tuesday night. The attackers damaged glasses, doors, windows, air-conditioners machines and furniture. \"It is a minor incident. We are trying to sort out the matter at the local-level. So we have not filed any FIR against anyone,\" said S N Singh, deputy general manager of Posco.Meanwhile, police have denied that it had banned entry of foreigners into the proposed steel plant area. \"We have not restricted foreigners, including South Korean officials of Posco, to visit the proposed steel plant site of Posco in Dhinkia, Nuagaon and Gadakujang gram panchayats in Jagatsinghpur district as reported by a section of the media,\" SP (Jagatsinghpur) Debadutta Singh said on Wednesday. \"But we have asked Posco officials to inform police before they enter the proposed steel plant site for security reasons,\" he added.Four years ago, anti-land acquisition villagers detained four South Korean officials of Posco when they entered Dhinkia without informing police. The DGM of Posco and other officials were also detained by anti-Posco villagers at Nuagaon two months ago.The DGM of Posco said the authority has not barred entry of officials of Posco, including South Koreans, into the proposed steel plant site. \"We have only received an advisory cautioning us against entering the site without informing police,\" he said.\"Locals are also supporting us. We opened our transit camp and office at Nuagaon after villagers helped us,\" he added. A director of Posco India and a South Korean national spent a night at the transit camp on December 27.On December 14, a supporter of a construction company was killed by anti-Posco villagers at the time of the construction of the coastal road. Police also arrested former MLA and CPI leader Narayan Reddy and the controversial contractor and trade union leader Bapi Sarkhel last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11370392", "title": "Haqqani fears for life, hiding in PM house", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Former Pakistan envoy to US Husain Haqqani, sacked for allegedly authoring a memo seeking Washington's help to prevent a coup in May, fears that he may be murdered like former Punjab governor, Salman Taseer , due to the hysteria generated around the scandal .\"My good friend Salman Taseer was killed by a security guard because he heard in the media that the governor had blasphemed. I'm being called a traitor and an American lackey in the media with the clear encouragement of certain powerful quarters even though I've not been charged legally with anything ,\" Haqqani told a British newspaper on Tuesday in a clear reference to the ISI.Haqqani said president Zardari and PM Gilani were \"standing behind\" him and were determined to stay on and challenge the allegations. He said that he had left PM Gilani's residence , where he has been staying since his return to Pakistan , on three occasions, each under heavy security escort.\"I'm a guest of prime minister with whom I have had a long-standing political association . There are clear security concerns given the hysteria generated against me. Staying at the prime minister's house is the safest option.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373359", "title": "A royal party in Bangalore", "text": "Party people who wanted some royal treatment, so to speak, headed to the Bangalore Palace, where the Maharaja opened his doors to ring in the New Year.Guests wound their way past international acrobats and jugglers, fire artists and dancers, and got to boogie to the tunes of Rohit Barker, Ivan Rosie Romero and Rohan Kapoor.BT spotted Waseem Khan - who was kitted out in a leather jacket and bright yellow scarf to keep out the cold - as well as Rahul Shetty and Abbas at this do. The nip in the air didn't stop revellers from staying out till well into the night as they wanted to usher in 2012 in style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "11369029", "title": "Couple commits suicide in Bawani Khera", "text": "BHIWANI: A dalit boy and an upper-caste girl reportedly committed suicide in Bawani Khera town of the district by consuming celphose tablets on Wednesday. Their bodies were recovered near the grain market.The victims were identified as Joginder Kumar,18, and Rekha,17. Joginder was a school dropout and Rekha was a student of Class X in a government school.Cops said the families came to know of their love affair some time ago. The boy's family objected to their relationship and sent him to their relatives place in Umra village. \"He returned to Bawani Khera on Tuesday and the couple ended their lives realizing that their relationship could not materialize due to caste differences,\" police said.Bawani Khera SHO Mahender Singh said forensic experts collected samples for analysis. \"Statements of the families have been recorded and no foul play is suspected,\" SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369448", "title": "3D to be redefined at IIT fest", "text": "MUMBAI: Watching a three-dimensional movie on your iPhone , enjoying a 3D movie without the glasses on, touching a gel that reacts like a human being is no longer just wild imagination.The Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay's annual fest, which celebrates innovation, will have all these and over 200 more exhibits on offer this year.Of these, 140 will arrive from 16 countries around the world and 100 others from colleges across India, a huge jump from the previous editions. The exhibits include the NAO Robot, considered to be the world's best humanoid robot, developed by a French start-up. Interestingly, the University of Tokyo uses NAOs as active lab assistants. Also arriving would be the three-time world RoboSoccer champions, the TNT Robotics and the CrazyFlie, the world's smallest quadracopter (weighing just about an ounce).The Japan Media Arts Festival, which encourages inventions in the area of art, animation, entertainment and comics, has shipped three of their hand-picked exhibits to the techfest. One of them, Blob Motility is a fluid material programmed using robotics and material technology.What will interest the techfest visitors would be the i3DG and the X-ray train, both redefining 3D. \"From the 2,700 entries in the Media Arts Festival from over 50 countries that had participated, it is sad to find that none of the exhibits were from India. Being the second most populous country and one of the richest in terms of culture, we want to inspire people to take note of these media art exhibits and pioneer a revolution in this regard,\" said Vaibhav Pednekar, techfest manager, exhibitions.The lecture series will have Nobel laureate Venki Ramakrishnan, founder of the MP3 Karlheinz Brandendurg and Hakon Wium Lee, founder of Opera, who also started a campaign for browsers to support downloadable web fonts using common font formats.In addition, this year also has some old students coming back to give lectures on the campus. Shashank Inamdar, an IIT-B alumnus and founder of Praj Industries, will speak on his 25 years in the bioplant industry and Johnny Jha will talk on what it took to build a satellite, first by an IIT-B student. Shubham Garodiya, overall coordinator, Biosynth, will talk on the importance of environment-friendly initiatives to set up a biodiesel production facility in IIT-Bombay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11370523", "title": "Death lurks in dangerous curves on Barapullah road", "text": "It was one of the most talked about benefits that the Commonwealth Games had bestowed on the city. But by the end of 2011, the Barapullah elevated road turned out to be one of the most dangerous roads in the city. As many as seven fatal accidents occurred here last year and nine lives were lost. Alarmed by this, the Delhi Traffic Police has written to the Public Works Department (PWD) to do something to curb the menace.\"Some intervention is required in the form of speed-calming measures and better signage for the curves on the elevated road. Drivers on such corridors have a tendency to speed, so curbs are absolutely required to make the stretch safer,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.But PWD officials claim introducing speed-calming measures here is a bad idea. \"It is an elevated thoroughfare and placing an obstruction on it is of no use. All the accidents have been due to speeding and people need to adhere to the speed limit on the stretch. Police have suggested some measures, which we will take up with the consultants of the stretch and Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure (Planning and Engineering) Centre (UTTIPEC). A decision will be made at the appropriate level. If something is really required on the stretch, it will be done; but there is no engineering flaw on the stretch,\" said Sudhir Kumar, director (Works) PWD.A TOI team visited the stretch found several vulnerable spots. The base of the flyover around the signal intersection near the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium side is flanked by residential area on either side. Jaywalkers are a problem here. Children were found playing cricket on the parking lot on the side of the road. They frequently dash across the stretch to retrieve cricket balls and put their own lives at peril.There are no zebra crossings or stop lines on either side of the signal. Also, there's a steep incline for vehicles approaching the signal from Lodhi Road, which makes it even more unsafe.\"Vehicles ascend the elevated road from JLN Stadium at high speeds, and there is not a single speed calming measure on the entire stretch from the signal to the end of the flyover. The several sharp turns on the elevated stretch are blind spots for any driver; he can't see beyond 100 metres here. Rumble strips would necessitate vehicles to slow down. Proper cautionary signs are a must at the curves,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Meanwhile, the descent from the elevated road on the Sarai Kale Khan side ends in a sharp curve that runs into Ring Road. This spot is particularly skid-prone, and has caused one fatal accident already, said traffic officials.The descent on the JLN Stadium side, too, has a leftward shift, so vehicles can drive into the central verge.\"During a spot visit before the inauguration of the elevated road, we had pointed out the alignment problem, which PWD had said they would fix by removing two street poles. However, that spot remains how it was,\" said a senior traffic police officer.The most recent fatal accident on this stretch occurred in the last week of December when a speeding truck rammed into an autorickshaw and then hit the railing, killing him at the spot and a biker, who was hit by a streetlight pole that flung off upon impact.Before that, similar accidents had occurred on February 28, May 9, August 28, October 4, December 12 and December 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11370792", "title": "Fading notes of veena", "text": "Sabhas conduct concerts all day long during the December music season. However, not many veena concerts are held. A look at the schedules shows that only a few artists such as Geetha Bennett, Nirmala Rajasekar, Rajesh Vaidya and T N Seshagopalan make it to the listings.Many artists blame the sabhas for not allocating slots for veena players.\"They should hold more veena concerts as many upcoming artists go unnoticed,\" says Nirmala Rajasekar, a USbased artist. \"The audience should also appreciate the technical expertise of the artists as it will encourage more musicians to measure up to concert standards.\"The veena is four feet long, consisting of a resonator (kudam). It is carved and hollowed out of a log (usually jackwood) and has a tapering hollow neck (dandi) topped with 24 brass or bell-metal frets set in scalloped black wax on wooden tracks. It also has a tuning box culminating in a downward curve and an ornamental dragon's head.This instrument finds mention in ancient Hindu religious texts. In an essay, Tamil poet Subramanya Bharathi compared the sound produced by the veena to vocal music. He asked people to learn the instrument as it is one where gamakam (oscillation ) is possible and many artists such as S Balachander and Chitti Babu excelled in playing the veena.But now artists find it hard to find slots as sabhas feel that there is a lack of patronage for veena concerts.\"The number of listeners dropped after performers started using microphone. Many rasikas say that the sound reproduced by the microphone varies a lot from the original,\" says Y Prabhu, secretary of the Sri Krishna Gana Sabha. He says that S Balachander was one of the first persons to use a microphone. \"Since then many veena players have started using it but it has not appealed to the audience ,\" says Prabhu.Also, many rasikas prefer vocal performances to instrumental concerts. \"There is not much of an audience for instrumental music. People like to hear the lyrics of a song and so they prefer vocal music,\" says another sabha organiser.This is where special festivals help the case of veena, says A Natarajan, a music fan. \"Many artists participate in these festivals held just before the December music season so that they get a chance to perform. But over the years, the number of artists playing the veena has come down,\" he says.Many veena players, however , say they have a bigger audience abroad.\"Foreigners are showing interest in learning the instrument . It is only in Chennai that we are not given a chance,\" says an artist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370438", "title": "Slippery thieves in soap king Karsanbhai Patel's house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a close shave for chairman of Nirma group Karsanbhai Patel and his family early on Wednesday. A gang of seven armed goons broke into the sprawling campus that houses Patel's two bungalows along SG Highway.Though the reason for the break-in remains a mystery, the gang members, who had a revolver and sticks, beat up four security guards and tied them up. But they did not make any attempt to approach Patel's new bungalow in Nima farmhouse. The goons were on one mission - hunt for one Ashok Sawant. When they could not find him, they opened the front gate and left. The cops say neither Patel's family not the guards know anyone by that name.The incident took place at 3.15 am when the gang of seven scaled the 20-feet tall boundary wall and got into the campus. In the Nima farmhouse the old bungalow is closer to the main gate while the new bungalow is 1.5 km away. Patel stays in the new house with his two sons.\"There are 30 security personnel manning the campus. It is surprising the gang managed to get in unnoticed and took four guards by surprise,\" said police officials probing the case.All the youths wore jeans, t-shirts and jackets. They first attacked two guards manning the main gate. The goons asked them who is Ashok. When the guards expressed ignorance, the goons tied up the guards' hand and feet and disabled their mobile phones to prevent them from sounding alarm. The gang then proceeded towards the old bungalow. Along the way they came across two guards who also got a similar treatment.The men who broke into the Nima farm house of Nirma's chairman Karsanbhai Patel on Sarkhej-Gandhinagar Highway were not robbers. Despite having breached the farm house's security cordon the goons did not make any move to penetrate into the campus any further and when one of the frightened security guards, after he was immobilised by the goons who tied his hands and feet, offered to hand over his money and mobile phone, the goons shot back - \"We are not robbers.\"This strange conduct has only added to the mystery surrounding the incident that took place in the wee hours of Wednesday. The goons got away through the main gate. They took the gate's keys from one of the guards. Half-an-hour after the gang left, one of the guards was successful in untying himself . He then informed guards patrolling near the new bungalow . Surprisingly, the gang had made no attempt to go near the new bungalow which was being guarded by six security personnel .When the matter was reported to the cops, superintendent of police, Ahmedabad (rural ), Rajiv Ranjan Bhagat rushed to the spot with a dog squad and forensic investigators . The cops have recovered a knife from the bungalow. Bhagat said: \"We are quite surprised and mystified by the incident. Loot was not the motive . The goons were asking all the guards about somebody called Ashok Sawant. We are yet not clear on who is Ashok and why the gang was so aggressively hunting for him.\" Gandhinagar police as well as Ahmedabad city police are helping Bhagat and his teams in probing the case.\"All the security officials deployed at the bungalow are Nirma employees. Usually, an armed guard is part of the security cover, but Tuesday was his weekly off. CCTV cameras too are there, but they were not operational on Wednesday,\" said a police official. Cops believe that the goons had walked for a long distance before getting into a car. \"Our sniffer dogs followed the goons' scent till Satellite ,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369185", "title": "Yiwu nightmare haunts importers of Chinese products", "text": "NEW DELHI: Water guns on Holi, decorative lights on Diwali, toys for children, cosmetic jewellery for weddings, chandeliers for new houses... For years, the city's wholesale hubs like Sadar Bazaar have imported joy for the masses from China.A whole new generation of bold traders - willing to risk the food, language barrier and unpredictable officialdom of China for fat margins - made their millions bringing back ever-bigger consignments of goods from monthly trips. But news of the ill-treatment of two Indian businessmen and a diplomat in Yiwu, a busy market city in China's Zhejiang province, has struck cold fear in their hearts.Famous for its factory outlets and discount deals, Yiwu is the hub of China's small commodities trade. Businessmen from all over the world flock to it. Yet, an Indian diplomat was allegedly ill-treated at a court there during a trial for the release of two Indian traders held hostage by their Chinese counterparts.Not satisfied with the government's advisory to Indian businessmen to \"not do business with Yiwu\", many traders TOI spoke to said they had expected stronger action. \"The Indian government should take a strong stand for the safety of traders. We are not too worried about the impact on our business as Chinese companies will also face losses if we stop buying from them,\" said Bhupender Singh who visits Yiwu twice in three months for gift items and decoratives.Some other traders recounted the suffering of a Mumbai businessman a year earlier. \"His Indian agent collected the goods and fled without paying the Chinese dealer. When the man visited Yiwu with another agent, he was harassed. However, taking traders hostage is going too far. The government has to do something about it,\" said an Old Delhi dealer in Chinese products.Traders blamed fraudulent practices of agents for most of their troubles. But they said they could not do without agents because of the language barrier. \"Even in case of a conflict, we cannot put across our point. The agents have an upper hand. We just go there to select products; the transaction, transportation and delivery are taken care of by agents,\" said Lakshmi Narayan who imports cosmetic jewellery. The agents charge a commission of 2-3% from both parties.The incident has also touched a nationalistic chord. \"India can make everything. We will sell Indian goods if trade with Yiwu is stopped,\" said Mazhar Hashmi, a dealer in decoratives at Sadar Bazaar. \"But we cannot make that leap because of the very high demand for Chinese goods that are reasonably priced and very attractively packaged. Indian goods are of much better quality,\" he added.A wholesaler of toys said Chinese products were inferior. \"People buy them because they are cheap\". He said there were concerns about the use of heavy metals such as cadmium and lead in them. Nonetheless, 60% of the toys he sells are Chinese.In Bhagirath Palace, chandeliers, fancy lights, solar lamps and a host of appliances such as heaters and torches are brought from China. \"Every light on display at my shop is from Guangzhou. But I will not mind if the Indian government suspends trade with China. A product worth Rs 9 lakh is sold for Rs 60 lakh here. That's the kind of profit they make. They have the technology, but Indian businessmen bring only goods, not technology,\" said Vikas Pandey who has a chandelier store in the market.Some traders, however, swore by their safe and pleasant experiences while trading with Chinese businessmen. An importer of sunglasses, who spent a fortnight in Yiwu, said, \"I don't think Indian traders are being picked on. It is the fallout of a fraudulent deal by someone.\"Manish Khandelwal, who imports office furniture, said, \"I have not had any problems so far while importing products from China. I visit Hong Kong and Guangzhou every month. I stay at a guesthouse arranged by my agent and have never had any issues. It's very disappointing that such harassment has come to light. I feel both governments should intervene and work for our security\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11375923", "title": "Smartphone sales to double in 2012", "text": "MUMBAI: A plethora of utility applications, rapid adoption of broadband and affordable price options has fuelled growth in convergence devices like tablets and smartphones. Though both smartphones and tablets made an appearance in the domestic market over a year ago, smartphones are expected to double sales this year from nearly nine million units, and lead the growth in the segment.Smartphones have grown from a 2% share to 6% of the overall mobile market, estimated at 150 million units. Priced in the range Rs 6,000 to Rs 40,000, smartphones have witnessed a deep penetration not only among business executives, but also among youth for on-the-go entertainment and functional use.\"Smartphones and convergence devices like the Galaxy Note and tablets are showing a strong adoption in the market linked with the growing consumer need for staying connected with their friends /family /work, while being on the move as well as personalizing them by downloading applications\", says Ranjit Yadav, country head, Samsung Mobile &amp; IT.Samsung, which has a portfolio of 13 smartphones across platforms, emerged as the leader with the largest value and volume market share in November.Factors which have spurred growth in these devices are affordability and availability across operating platforms - Windows, Android and bada. Industries are increasingly applying mobile services in banking, manufacturing, retail, hospitality and healthcare, while automotive, logistics and consumer goods companies are using them to streamline inventory management, track demand, and manage shelf space.The market dominated by Samsung, Nokia and RIM is expected to get more crowded with the entry of Chinese and other domestic companies this year.Other devices like tablets and netbooks have also caught the consumer's fancy, though tablets are more popular due to their favourable form and advanced functionalities. Consumers and enterprises alike are seeking real-time, on-demand access to content, internet, computing and communication tools, and applications (apps), and the tablet has emerged as the perfect device to provide access to these features.Dell expects to see a proliferation of devices in various screen sizes to meet different needs as accessibility of information-on-the-go, becomes inevitable. With the small screen devices segment witnessing a rise in India, customers have a lot of brands, screen size and applications to choose from. \"We have a single purpose in mind and that is to provide a one-stop solution to consumers who want to discover, capture and share content as they roam around the world,\" says the company's director, product marketing, Shishir Singh.Apart from global vendors like Apple, Samsung, Dell, and more recently, Sony , entry of domestic players like Reliance and Beetel has led to intense competition in the market. Tablets are available at a price tag of Rs 4,500 to Rs 47,000, with Aakash (Datawind Ubislate) -the world's cheapest tablet PC - priced at Rs 2,999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372461", "title": "A separate civil court in Ghatampur soon", "text": "KANPUR: The lawyers of Ghatampur in Ramabai Nagar have reasons to rejoice. They will soon get a new court-- a civil judge junior division court-at Ghatampur Crossing. The notification to this effect was issued by Chief Secretary KK Sharma addressed to the registrar general of Allahabad high court on December 23, 2011. It said the governor of the state had sanctioned the creation of a court and its staff by February 29, 2012.Lawyers of Ghatampur tehsil were demanding establishment of a court that could hear and try the civil and criminal cases of certain remote areas of the tehsil. District judge, Ramabai Nagar, Ali Zamin; additional district and sessions judge-I Rakesh Kumar and chief judicial magistrate Sanjeev Kumar Singh visited the site and witnessed the court room and the proposed land for judiciary. They expressed their satisfaction but advised construction of for one more room, according to the Lawyers Association.Kuldeep Singh and new president Mr Srivastava had met with district judge Ramabai nagar on Monday last and had invited him to witness their contribution and efforts.Singh informed that district judge after witnessing the plot for judiciary asked the SDM Nitin Bansal and Tehsildar Shaligram Verma to complete the remaining formalities at the earliest as there were all possibilities that adminstrative judge would inaugurate the court in current month.The district judge was welcomed by the presidents of Ghatampur Bar Association and Lawyers Association in presence of advocates.Talking to TOI, Bhanu Pratap Singh, president of Ghatampur Bar Association, said the court having jurisdiction of Ghatampur tehsil was situated in Kanpur Nagar and litigants had to cover a distance of 40 to 90 km to reach it for a hearing. Therefore, the Ghatampur Bar Association had sent a proposal to the Allahabad High Court in 1997 stating the population, area and need for a separate court. The high court responded and asked to provide a land for the court. The land was arranged for but that turned disputed and their efforts went in vain. At that time neither any local politician nor any MP or MLA supported them and Bhoganipur grabbed the opportunity and in the year 1997, a civil court was set up in Bhoganipur to hear the cases of that area.In 2010, another proposal along with all old proceedings were sent to the high court. On December 19, 2010 a letter from Dinesh Gupta, registrar of Allahabad high court, was received in which it was said that there were possibilities of setting up a court if two formalities - plot and an alternate accommodation to run the court -- would be fulfilled. The association contacted Ghatampur Nagar Palika in this regard and later allotted a plot of one bigha land for the court purpose on Hamirpur Road.The then district judge, Mahendra Dayal, along with a couple of other judicial officials visited the site and alternate accommodation for court which was the bar association's hall and said land was not sufficient and it should be at least seven to eight bighas. Nagar Palika came forward this time to rescue the situation and it allotted the required area of land by a proposal dated April 6, 2011.In the month of June 2011, administrative judge Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza visited the site and cleared the same. He also inspected the bar association hall and cleared that too and asked to convert it to a court room. A sum of Rs 70,000 was spent on the hall to convert it into a court room. The sum was donated by the lawyers, clerks, stamp vendors and typists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372246", "title": "Rumours of CBI inspection keep medical fraternity in tizzy", "text": "KANPUR: Rumours of a CBI team's sudden visit to the city in connection with the multi-crore NRHM scam probe kept the medical fraternity of the district in a tizzy. Earlier there was a word around that a BI team had gone to a surgical equipment selling shop in Shivala. This firm was hired by the government health agencies to supply surgical instruments in various NRHM schemes in the district. However, the authorities of the shop said no CBI official visited them on Wednesday.To recall, the CBI had started its crackdown in the NRHM scam by conducting search at this particular surgical equipment centre a few days back and asked the authorities to deposit the records and bills of NRHM transactions. The firm authorities claimed that they had already provided all the required details to the CBI team.S K Garg, owner of the surgical equipment shop, said, \"The CBI team had turned up at our shop three months back. They had sought various data which was already provided to them. Initially, we also heard that a CBI team had inspected the office in the morning hours, but at that time, the office was closed so we didn't see any CBI official turning up.\" When TOI contacted chief medical officer of the district, he said he too didn't have any such information regarding CBI's inspection. He said that all these were rumours had arisen due to CBI's recent summon to the health directorate in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11369647", "title": "Mother accuses boyfriend of 'harassing' Sabina", "text": "MARGAO: Caitania Hilario, the mother of deceased Sabina Hilario, has lodged a complaint with Salcete SDM Dasharath Redkar expressing apprehensions that her daughter was \"harassed and tortured\" by her boyfriend Roy Fernandes, leading to her death.As Roy was with Sabina during the few hours preceding her death, there was cause for a second autopsy on Sabina.Speaking to mediapersons SDM Redkar said he has instructed the police to submit all papers relating to the case to him to enable him to arrive at a considered decision over the matter. \"I will examine the police records and decide on whether or not to order a second autopsy by Thursday,\" Redkar said, adding that he also held consultations with senior medical officers of the GMC over the matter on Wednesday.Sabina had died under mysterious circumstances on January 1. Roy Fernandes, 20, her boyfriend, was arrested by the Maina Curtorim police under Section 304-A (causing death due to negligence) on Monday night based on a complaint lodged by the deceased's mother and was subsequently released on bail. Sabina had gone to Roy's house for a New Year Eve's party on December 31, 2011, where she took ill and subsequently died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368453", "title": "On CIC order, CBSE reveals engg exam\u2019s answer keys", "text": "NEW DELHI: After initially refusing to part with the answer keys of All India Engineering Entrance Examination ( AIEEE) of 2010 and 2011, Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) - under order from Central Information Commission (CIC) - has finally given them, but without the question papers.In its September 30, 2011, order, CIC had asked CBSE to give answer keys in line with decisions of the Commission and the courts in this regard. RTI applicant Rajeev Kumar had asked for answer keys along with question papers and model answers. But the demand for model answers was dropped after CBSE said court cases are underway.In 2007, CIC's order had resulted in IITs disclosing answer keys, question papers etc of JEE, 2006, to Kumar. In August, 2011, even the Supreme Court said that all examining bodies should permit examinees to have inspection of their answer books. Apart from IIT-JEE, examination bodies of state governments have started disclosing answer keys along with question papers.Kumar has written to CBSE stating that without question booklet, the supplied answer keys are of no value. At times even wrong questions have been asked - as happened in case of JEE in the last two years.It has been nearly 20 months since the first RTI was filed in this regard. Initially, CBSE had refused to supply answer keys, stating that the \"larger public interest does not warrant disclosure of such information\". When Kumar appealed against the order, the appellate authority said \"as a policy matter of CBSE, the answer-keys cannot be supplied\". Then, CBSE took the plea that possibly records were destroyed. But it was pointed out that destruction plea of CBSE is wrong since RTI seeking disclosure of answer keys was submitted to CIC on June 15 - only a few weeks after the results were declared. However, CBSE has been regularly divulging details of All India Pre-Medical Entrance Test (AIPMT).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370634", "title": "SPG in town, 5 extra SPs detailed for security duty during PBD", "text": "JAIPUR: Officers of the Special Protection Group (SPG) engaged in Prime Minister's security along with the senior officers of Jaipur police visited various sites to monitor the security arrangements for the upcoming Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD). Five extra superintendent of police (SP) have also been detailed for security, law and order duties during the event.Senior officers including commissioner of police, B L Soni, additional commissioner of police (law and order) Biju George Joseph , on Wednesday get into a security liaison exercise with the SPG officers at Birla Auditorium.\"The inspector general of police, SPG, Ramphool Panwar along with his 30-member team took stock of the security measures taken up by the Jaipur police for PBD. The SPG team and Jaipur police also discussed the law and order and other security aspects, including the VVIP and VIP movements during January, 7 to January, 9,\" a senior police officer with the Jaipur police commissionerate on said.The SPG and Jaipur police team will also visit Raj Bhawan, airport and nearby areas to check the security in and around these places in the upcoming days.Asked about the arrival of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in Jaipur, police said he would be visit the city on the evening of January 7 and is likely to depart in the afternoon of January 8.Senior officers of the commissionerate said apart from the regular SPs (DCPs in Jaipur), the police headquarters have also deputed five extra SPs which would exclusively work for the security and law and order duties of the PBD.\"The SPs - Rahul Barath, Mamta Bishnoi, Don K Bose , Gaurav Srivastav and Bahadur Singh Rathore - would work with the Jaipur police during the PBD for the security, and law and order,\" a senior officer said.Soni remained busy in a series of meetings for the PBD. During the meetings, Jaipur police officers were asked to remove encroachments from where the carcade of the VVIPs and other dignitaries are expected.\"Security in and around the routes from where the dignitaries and VVIPs would be brought is fortified as during the movement of carcades, all entries on the routes and traffic would be closed. There would be some diversions,\" an officer said.Senior officers also confirmed that on January 6 evening, the officers including from the SPG would participate in a mock drill exercise to inspect the security on the eve of the PBD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369017", "title": "Chinese manja injures three more citizen", "text": "NAGPUR: Makar Sankrant is still 10 days away, but many people have already suffered injuries due to the deadly Chinese manja. On Monday, a stray manja nearly slit the throat of 26-year-old Sunny Bhongade on the Mhalgi Nagar stretch.Bhongade said, \"I was on my bike when all of a sudden I felt a sharp pain across my neck.\" Bhongade said that since he wasn't speeding, luckily the cut was not too deep. He slowed the bike to check and found that he was bleeding from the neck.\"My fingers were also injured while trying to remove the manja,\" he said.In pain, he rushed to a nearby hospital, where doctors told him that he was saved by a whisker as the manja just missed his larynx. The manja that cut Bhongade and nearly cost him his life was Chinese manja. Bhongade has a few stitches, and is suffering from throat irritation.Similar incidents last year had claimed four lives, including two children, while many others had been injured. In addition, many birds were injured in the town. Last week, residents of Itwari rescued an owl injured by the manja. On Sunday evening, a 26-year-old youth had a miraculous escape after he suffered injuries when the manja cut his neck near his residence at Bagadganj.In another incident, a standard X student hurt two of his fingers badly and sustained slight injuries on his neck after a manja got entangled in his bicycle's handle.The incident took place on Monday evening when Roshan Kapale was on his way to tuition classes.\"The manja had got entangled in my brakes and hence I fell down. When I checked, I saw the manja passing through my fingers,\" he said.While Kapale was trying to remove it, boys holding on to the other end of the manja were pulling it towards them and it slightly cut Kapale's neck. He was rushed to a nearby hospital by his parents.Another middle-aged man suffered some stitches after getting cut above his eyebrow by kite thread at Tehsil on Tuesday evening.Many people have demanded a ban on sale of Chinese manja. Though the city police have cracked down on Chinese manja in the city, accidents due to it continue to injure citizens in the city.Neha Jain, who had suffered 13 stitches on the throat last year, said that the city police should raid shops at Itwari, Mahal and nearby market areas, where sale of Chinese manja is rampant.City cops say they have seized some Chinese manja from several shops and even sent a notice to sellers. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has assured strict action against those selling Chinese manja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11370426", "title": "Was Anuj Bidve killing part of 'gang initiation' process?", "text": "LONDON: British police are probing \" gang initiation\" angle to the seemingly unprovoked murder of a 23-yearold Indian student in Manchester on December 26, a source close the investigations has revealed. The initiation involves gang leaders putting people interested in joining them through a test to prove their worth.The source said Kiaran Mark Stapleton, charged with Anuj Bidve's murder, may have killed the Indian student to show to \"violent dons that he wished to join and that he had it in him to be a cold blooded assassin''.Bidve, a graduate student at Lancaster University, was shot in the head after he was approached on Boxing Day, as he walked with a group of friends towards Manchester city centre. He was holidaying there during the Christmas break. A police spokesman refused to comment on the probe angle but did not deny it. \"We would not like to say anything that might jeopardize the prosecution,\" he said.Underworld gangs have always existed in pockets of England, but their operations have become more prevalent with rising unemployment in the past few years.Sources told TOI that police believe Stapleton, who identified himself as \"Psycho Stapleton\" when produced and charged in court on Monday, shot dead Bidve although at least one more person was accompanying him. The Crown Prosecution Service, to whom the case was referred, was quoted as saying they are \"reasonably certain of a conviction\". But a trial date is yet to be fixed.Separately, the coroner concerned - Jennifer Leeming - permitted the release of Bidve's body after a second , independent autopsy was performed at the defence team's request. The remains were handed over to India's Birmingham consulate and entrusted to a local funeral director.Bidve's parents and brother-in-law were scheduled to arrive in Manchester late on Wednesday and expected to visit Lancaster University , where his room and belongings remain untouched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374148", "title": "All \u2018fit\u2019 to socialize", "text": "This event, which coincidentally was the launch of a fitness centre, saw some of the popular faces from Kollywood drop by, where they hobnobbed with the guests and the invitees.Cine star Karthi dressed in a cool blue and white combination, who was the main attraction, seemed to be enjoying all the attention that he was getting at this do, with everyone requesting him to oblige and take photographs along with them. We also spotted popular funnyman Vivekh at this do, and he came loaded with his repartees as usual, that ensured anyone who wanted to talk to him was kept entertained throughout. What's a Chennai soiree without a dash of Kollywood, we wonder!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11371182", "title": "Drive at your own risk on city roads", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gaurav Rajyaguru, 24, was a youth with stars in his eyes and a future ahead of him. He had come to Ahmedabad to meet his parents. Late on the night of Dec 31, he left his home and his outing turned fatal. A speeding car swerved and hit his bike hard in the wee hours of January 1. The impact was so severe that he was flung far and died on the spot. With his death his parents lost their only son.If you feel that the city roads are not safe for your children or theelderly anymore, you are not alone. A 20% annual growth in vehicular population on almost the same infrastructure has made the system burst at its seams. Experts see road accidents as the by-product of mismatch between inf structure and th number of vehicles using it. As the city was adjudged the best city to live according to IMRB's survey for TOI, experts believe that better management of on-road parking and enforcement is the only way outof thetraffic mess.A re c e n t study by EMRI 108 on road trafficemergencies attended reveals that accidents make up 20 per ent of all emergencies in the state. The city recordsthehighest number of road accidentsin Gujarat with almost 25 incidents daily, thanks to the complete disregard tizens show for traffic rules.Compared to 2010, the last year saw a 15% rise in accidents. Jashvant Prajapati, COO of EMRI108 Gujarat,saidthat road traffic emergencies are the second mostcommon emergencies, - after pregnancy - in the state. \"With the introduction of 108 services, fatalities have reduced but there is a need is to create awareness about managing road traffic victims and providing emergency care as the first hour is critical,\" he said.When TOI asked experts about problem points, the first move they suggest is to reduce number of vehicles on the road. \"WhileBRTS has redressedthis problem to some extent, we are more prone to use our own vehicles rather than sharing with someoneelse.Unlikecitiessuch as Mumbai and Delhi we have not reachedsaturation pointbut the problemshave already started showing up in western city parts,\" said Janak Nanavaty, of Ahmedabad Traffic Consultative Committee ( ATCC).Amit Khatri, a road safety trainer, said that the need of the hour is better infrastructure and better civic sense. \"We have good roads but we will have to utilize it properly. Several junctions are riddled with problems such as on-road parking, no space for pedestrians, no vision for the future and most importantly lack of civic sense. An accident at a crossroad can halt trafficfor half an hour,\" hesaid.Times ViewAhmedabad is one of the most liveable cities in the country. However, one can't say the same for its roads where the traffic can often turn deadly and result in fatal accidents. For this, one has to blame the commuters who simply refuse to follow traffic rules. At the same time, problem spots where maximum accidents take place are known to the cops and town planners. They should work together and find scientific solutions to remove them as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373973", "title": "Divya Dutta takes over Shabana", "text": "When the bubbly actress Divya Dutta decided to undertake an image makeover in her profession by choosing more \"commercial\" roles, she didn't tell us that one day she would be doing theatre too!Divya is all set to play the part of Amrita in the play famously adopted by Shabana Azmi and Farooq Sheikh, titled \"Tumhari Amrita\".\"This will be a Punjabi play made by Om Puri and is called, \"Teri Amrita\". I am very excited at the prospect of doing this play since it has been rendered so beautifully by Shabanaji and Farooq saab,\" says Divya, adding, \"It is one of my favourite plays and it already seems mind boggling to me to do it in Punjabi!\" The play has been conceptualized by Om Puri and according to Divya, should be completed in the next 2-3 months.\"Yes, we intend taking this play to different cities in the country,\" says Divya. Ask her if the language will be a barrier for audiences to understand it pan India, and she promptly replies, \"My dear, Punjabis are all over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370481", "title": "Fat packages lure grads to core sectors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a trend reversal in placements, engineering students with non-software background at Panjab University are no longer chasing leading software companies for jobs. A case in point is the final semester batch of chemical engineering graduates at University Institute of Chemical Engineering and Technology (UICET) who are turning down offers of software companies, preferring core companies offering profiles matching their study area.Attractive packages touching Rs 8 and Rs 9 lakh per annum to B.Tech grads by companies like Indian Oil Corporation Ltd (IOCL) and UOP are luring them into grabbing offers of core companies.\"Although some students have bagged two job offers including a software and other by a core company of their field, the inclination is more towards core companies because of the long-term sustenance in the field and better pay packages,\" explained S K Agarwal, placement officer, UICET.The department offers courses including B.Tech (chemical engineering) and B.Tech (food technology) and the core sector companies include fertilizer, pharmaceutical, oil and gas, energy and water management companies.\"Unlike in the past, the interest towards core companies is much more now among UICET students. A major reason for this is that more core companies are directly giving opportunities to fresh graduates in chemical and food technology industry. Even after MBA, companies now prefer students who have that graduation background suiting their job profile,\" said Nitish Singal, a B.Tech (final semester) student at UICET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11375277", "title": "M Karunanidhi's grandson Udayanidhi Stalin surrenders in land grabbing case", "text": "CHENNAI: Former chief minister M Karunanidhi's grandson and film producer Udayanidhi Stalin on Thursday appeared before the investigation officers of land grabbing cell.Land grabbing wing inspector Kader Batcha questioned him at the office while he came to sign in at the anticipatory bail register being maintained at the assistant commissioner's office.\"Police personnel asked me whether I was rented the house bought by Venugopal Reddy, one of the accused named in the case. I replied them 'yes'.\" Udayanidhi told TOI, while he returned after submitting the anticipatory bail copy obtained from the XI metropolitan magistrate court in Saidapet.Udayanidhi Stalin and his aide Rajasankar were granted anticipatory bail by the Madras high court in connection with the case registered against him in first week of December, last month. Rajasankar had already surrendered before the magistrate court in Saidapet and availed his bail order. Meanwhile, Udayanidhi Stalin approached the Madras high court and sought extension to avail the anticipatory bail, as he was away with his family for vacation.The court allowed his petition and asked Udayanidhi Stalin to appear before the magistrate court in Saidapet before the second week in January top avail the anticipatory bail.As per the orders, Udayanidhi Stalin on Wednesday surrendered before the XI Metropolitan Magistrate Court in Saidapet and produced the sureity before the magistrate.Central crime branch sleuths registered a case of cheating against Udayanidhi's father, former deputy chief minister, Stalin, his son Udayanidhi, Stalin's aides Rajasankar, Srinivas, businessmen Subba Reddy and Venugopal Reddy based on the complaint of N Seshadrikumar, a businessman, of Alwarpet.According to the complainant, NS Kumar claimed that he was forced to sell his two and-a-half ground property on Chitharanjan Salai in Teynampet for a lesser price than the market price.Stalin had met the additional director general of police T Rajendran and submitted two separate petitions following the case registered against him and five others. He claimed the case has been foisted against him and it was a political vendetta.Meanwhile, NS Kumar and a sub-registrar Pandi, who registered the property in the name of Venugopal Reddy from Kumar, gave statements before the magistrate separately under the Section 164 of Evidences Act, which cannot revoked by the victims during the trial of the case.Udayanidhi Stalin will appear before the investigation officer in land grabbing cell every day at 10am from today onwards. Meanwhile, Udayanidhi's lawyers said they would approach the Madras high court to relax his bail conditions. Rajasankar has approached the high court to relax his bail conditions and he case came for hearing on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11370772", "title": "Mindful stretching", "text": "Each part of our body has its own purpose, or its own dharma to fulfil. The purpose of a muscle is to produce force for movement, and for this it requires to build and retain tension. The more elastic this tension, the more pliable the muscle and thus more capable of smoothly negotiating a wider range of movement possibilities and challenges. Thus all muscles, depending upon their usage, retain a certain degree of resistance or tension.But as much as a muscle needs strength, elasticity and resistance to hold on to the tension required to produce force, the body/mind also needs to experience a resistance-less state of being.The mind and breathStretching is a way of pushing the natural tension of the muscle to its optimum. It is to be remembered that stretching in yoga is special, as yoga necessarily involves the application of the breath and mind in a prescribed manner. The yogic-breath is a mindfulbreath that helps gauge, facilitate and guide the physical movement to realistically achieve its fullness of range without causing stress or injury.Two principlesWhile stretching, it is important to remember two principles: a) that a stretch takes place between two points that are aligned or positioned intelligently against each other, and b) that out of these two, one point remains fixed and well-braced while the other pulls in the opposite direction, lengthening the muscle along the line of alignment.When the muscle attached to these two well-aligned points is repeatedly stretched along with yogic-breath, it builds the strength and flexibility of the muscle. And when the same muscle is eventually released after a routine of sustained stretching, it results in the muscle losing even its natural tension which is deeply relaxing and, in fact, pleasurable. That indeed is the moment of sukha or pleasurecomfort that results from the mindful effort of asana.Yoga for a dual experienceThus yoga offers muscles the dual experience of becoming both like a stretched rubberband and then like a wet noodle. The wet-noodle experience that is a result of methodical practice of tenacious, rubber-band stretching is most important because the quality of physical and mental comfort that ensues out of such a practice directly corresponds to states of selfcontainment , contentment, calm, centredness, serenity and clarity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372271", "title": "Preparations in full swing to ensure fair polling", "text": "KANPUR: With the announcement of assembly election dates, the district administration, too, is gearing up to ensure free and fair polling. Sources in district election office said that 13 poll observers, including one IPS official, will report on election duty in the district to ensure fair polling.\"Out of the total 13, about 10 observers have been put in general category; while two will look after the aspects related to expenditure. Besides, an IPS rank officer would be deployed who will particularly monitor the police-functioning in the district till the election process is over, sources said.\"DIG/SSP will be asked to coordinate with the police observer and report any issue related to violation of election model code of conduct,\" they added. However, at this point of time, stress is more on election guidelines laid by the Election Commission of India. Almost every day, sessions are being held at the district collectorate to impart training about election norms to the administrative employees.District magistrate Hari Om said, \"Several meetings are being held routinely at the district collectorate office where dos and don'ts regarding election norms, rules, and violations are being discussed in detail with all political parties and their representatives.\" He further said that political party representatives have assured district election office of their full support for the smooth conduct of the election.Om added, \"Today, a meeting was held in which election officials were briefed about the administrative machinery and election process.\" The candidates would have to inform the election office before holding election meetings. Meanwhile, the district police have formed special teams to check any untoward incident during the poll in the district. DIG Rajesh Rai said, \"The special teams are zeroing in on elements which could be involved in practices like distribution of cash, liquor.\"According to an administrative official, on Wednesday, following complaints from Billahur, Sadar and Ghatampur tehsils, election officers were asked to take immediate action on the spot against those violating election norms. \"Election officers are given full power to act in such a situation,\" said he. A total of 2.84 lakh voters are expected to exercise their right to vote for the first time in the district and 2.23 lakh voter ID cards are being readied for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370790", "title": "Sena-BJP\u2019s pledges to city remain on paper", "text": "MUMBAI: The ruling Shiv Sena-BJP alliance in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has launched a campaign in the run-up to the civic elections, patting itself on the back for delivering 90% of the promises it had made in the 2007 manifesto.But the squalid reality that is Mumbai's failing infrastructure is a far cry from the grand promises the parties had made five years ago when they were contesting the civic elections. At the time, the saffron alliance had presented a joint manifesto in which it had spoken eloquently on 24/7 water supply, concretization of roads, a city free of garbage , completion of Brimstowad works on storm water drains and turning Byculla zoo into an \"international style zoo.\"It had also promised Mumbaikars that the few remaining playgrounds and gardens would not be given out to private players, and vowed to plant 10 lakh trees to give the city a green shot in the arm.Five years later, round-the-clock water supply remains a pipe-dream , while citizens are reduced to pleading for pothole-free roads, let alone concretized ones. Barring some work in the health sector, the beautification of a few gardens, and launching water leakage detection programmes, there has been little or no improvement in the Mumbaikar's life. In fact most people TOI spoke to said they get no returns for the high taxes (direct and indirect) they pay.Angry citizens also questioned the point of party manifestos, dismissing them as fiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11371061", "title": "HC: Come out with names for elephant task force", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Wednesday asked the assistant solicitor general to submit in one week the names of persons who will constitute the elephant task force.\"It seems to us that if a competent task force is constituted, the next step like receiving status reports, short-term and long-term measures as contained in the government's comprehensive action plan for the conservation of the elephant and the other wildlife in the state shall be comprehensively available,'' the bench observed while adjourning the hearing of the suo motu PIL relating to elephants deaths in the state to January 13 .The bench turned down the suggestion of translocation of elephants as one of the issues to be considered by the task force .\"Don't think they (elephants) are causing problems, it is we who are causing problems. If the task force is based on this (translocation) platform, then it would be better to wind up the same,'' the bench strongly observed while asking the counsel for central government to come out with a practical solution.The high court had registered the PIL in November 2008 following media reports highlighting elephant deaths.The high court on Wednesday quashed the acquisition of about 250 acres of land for the greenfield airport at Bellary.Allowing a batch of petitions filed by K P Lingappa and 77 others, Justice S Abdul Nazeer quashed the May 23, 2009 notification with regard to acquisition of their lands (about 250 acres ) falling under Sirivara, Chagalur and Teggina Budihal villages on the ground that theobjections of the land owners were not considered.The judge, however, reserved liberty to the authorities to pass fresh orders after affording an opportunity of hearing to the petitioners.The petitioners have claimed that their lands are irrigated, agricultural lands being fed from Tungabhadra right bank canal. They also claimed that as Bellary had two airports and the passenger inflow was less, the third one was not required.BU registrar asked to probe Justice BS Patil has directed the registrar of Bangalore University to conduct an inquiry and submit a report in four weeks with regard to the attendance controversy raised by a batch of MBA students of T John College, Gottigere.The jdge has permitted the six petitioners to appear for MBA III semester examinations starting from Thursday.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen has granted a further time of six weeks to the secretary to department of food and civil supplies and consumer affairs to file an affidavit on the beneficiaries who have obtained Anthyodaya AnnaYojana(AAY) and Below Poverty Line (BPL) cards unauthorisedly.The PIL has been filed by AA Ramadas, now medical education minister, alleging that subsidized rations were being provided to AAY and BPL card holders even though the beneficiaries were not identified.Notice to HegdeJustice Anand Byrareddy has ordered issuance of notice to former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde and editors and printer/publishers of several newspapers in the city with regard to an appeal filed by IPS officer Hemanth Nimbalkar.The officer has challenged the verdict of a city civil court dismissing his defamation suit with Rs 3,000 cost/fine.Nimbalkar had filed a defamation suit for one rupee claiming that Hegde had given false information to the media during his press conference on March 19,2008 (about the Lokayukta raid) that he (Nimbalkar) possessed assets worth Rs 250 cr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11370243", "title": "Strange bedfellows in Manipur", "text": "NEW DELHI: Politics makes strange bedfellows and its latest manifestation is playing out in Manipur where BJP has joined hands with RJD and CPM to oust the 10-year-old Okram Ibobi Singh-led Congress government.BJP leaders insist this is a part of a \"broader alliance\" of all non-Congress parties. But the prospect of RJD, whose leader Lalu Prasad remains the most rabid saffron-baiter coming together with BJP, has evoked interest in the upcoming elections.The main regional party , Manipur People's Party , had formed an alliance with RJD, NCP, JD-U and CPM called People's Democratic Alliance and was looking to have a seat-sharing deal with BJP. Senior BJP leader Prakash Javdekar described the formation as \"an alliance within an alliance\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11368545", "title": "New Year shocker: Airlines shelve night parking plans at city airport?", "text": "NAGPUR: Here is a New Year shocker for air passengers and Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport operated by Mihan India Limited (MIL). If sources are to be believed, then as off now low-cost airlines, especially Indigo, JetLite and even SpiceJet have shelved their plan to avail night parking facility being offered by MIL at Nagpur airport.Sources at airport informed that this decision will also affect the airlines' plan to start early morning and late night direct flights to and from Mumbai and Delhi, and regular flights to Hyderabad and Chennai, which was decided after availing the night parking of aircrafts at city airportMIL officials agree that as of now there is no official confirmation from airlines, in spite of MIL promoting the night parking facility here with minimum charges and maximum facilities. But officially, they cannot admit that MIL's plan to generate additional revenue during off-peak hours for Nagpur airport has become a distant dream.The city airport has so far been earning revenue only during peak hours (from 7am to 11pm) from the 29 domestic flights and an international flight. Now, as airport is ready with a capacity to park 18 wide body aircraft. Of these, seven parking bays are normally reserved for scheduled flights and remaining 11 bays will be made available for aircraft parking, it plans to earn revenue during off-peak hours (12 midnight to 6am).MIL Chief Operating Officer (Operations) Abadesh Prasad confirmed the development and said domestic airlines (including Jet Airways and Indigo) had earlier planned for night parking of aircrafts at Nagpur airport and also started planning early morning and late night flights, just because both Mumbai and New Delhi airports became congested and not a single spot was available at these ports for new aircrafts.However, after the development of New Delhi, Mumbai and Hyderabad airports in the last few months, these airlines got a plenty of new night parking slots for aircrafts. Hence, Indigo and JetLite are opting for these airports while Spice Jet has already made newly-developed Hyderabad airport as its operational base, Prasad added. A few international airlines had also conducted a survey of the Nagpur airport to use the night parking facility. However, none of them have yet forwarded an official proposal, Abadesh Prasad said.Few years back, international airlines like Belgium-based Sabena Airlines and US-based Goodrich Air, both had planned to start operations in India and had sought night parking slots for aircraft at Nagpur airport. Another US-based airline had asked for stop over parking here, sources at the airport said.A senior Indigo official, requesting anonymity said their head officers have yet not decided on whether to park aircrafts at Nagpur airport or not. \"Since, we will have to create separate base, along with engineers and technical staff, it will become an added financial burden on the company,\" he added.TOI has constantly highlighted that frequent flyers have been demanding morning flights as early as 6.30am to Mumbai or New Delhi, with the possibility of returning on a late night flight from these destinations, instead of having to spend a night there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374334", "title": "U2's effortless albums", "text": "U2 make their records in a way so that they sound \"like they didn't try too hard\".The 'Vertigo' band work meticulously in the studio, but always aim for their albums to sound effortless and full of energy, according to long time producer, Steve Lillywhite .He told theartsdesk.com: \"They've been able to afford themselves a style of making music that is unique. They go off on tangents, they try everything, and good luck to them - it doesn't matter to me how long it takes to make a record, as long as it doesn't sound like it took that long. It has to sound like they didn't try too hard.\"This is what makes them such a great band: for them 'good' is about the worst thing you could ever say. When they have a new record coming out it has to have that wow factor.\"Steve has worked with the group - singer Bono, guitarist The Edge, drummer Adam Clayton and bassist Larry Mullen Jr. - on a number of their albums, including 2004's, 'How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb', and explained how lead single, 'Vertigo', took shape.He added: \"Basically, the moment he started singing the song with the band, Bono projected himself a year into the future, on a stage at Madison Square Garden , and he suddenly realised he couldn't sing it with the passion he really wanted.\"So he decided to rewrite the words and melody. Bono had a rhythm for the chorus but he couldn't get the words, and he was trying and trying.\"Eventually, after changing the chorus, changing the words, the final version of 'Vertigo' just sort of leaked into life. It has become one of their top five songs. It's one of those songs that, if they're having the worst gig in the world, they know they can pull it out and get the crowd back.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372792", "title": "On a shivery Wednesday", "text": "The city opened its eyes to a cloudy Wednesday though the minimum temperature increased a bit, giving some relief to residents. Whether while moving out in markets or attending college, everyone was seen waiting for the sunlight.The Air India flight to Delhi was also cancelled due to poor visibility. The authorities cancelled the flight at 9.30am as visibility at that time was 0.3kms and even till afternoon, it was merely 1.2 kms. \"The weather was very bad in the morning, therefore we cancelled the flight for Wednesday,\" said V P Jain, manager with AAI. The passengers had a tough time due to the cancellation.According to met department, Chandigarh, the minimum temperature was 5 degrees celsius while the maximum was 19.9 degrees celsius while on Tuesday, the maximum temperature was 21.3 degrees and the minimum was 4.2 degrees celsius.In spite of clouds, Sarabha Nagar and Ghumar Mandi markets witnessed good rush. Students of Government College for Women were seen sitting outside the classrooms, waiting anxiously for the sunlight.\"A cold wave was felt the whole day. There was no sunlight in the morning, so we decided to bunk classes and sit outside,\" said Pooja Madan, a student and resident of Model Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370083", "title": "Women TTEs refuse to travel on Pune-Mumbai route", "text": "PUNE: Women traveling ticket examiners (TTEs) in the Pune division on Wednesday refused to travel on the Pune-Mumbai route following an incident wherein a woman TTE was allegedly asked by government railway police (GRP) officials to wait at their office in Mumbai for 30 minutes.An official from the Pune railway division said, \"There are about 22 women TTEs in the division. Some of them are deployed on the Pune-Mumbai route since the last few months. They check tickets on the Pune-Mumbai Deccan Queen and other trains on the route. However, they refused to go on the Mumbai route on Wednesday. Alternative arrangements were made from them and these will continue to remain in place till a further decision.\"Railway workers on Wednesday demanded action against the GRP official who was allegedly caught traveling without a ticket on the Pune-Mumbai Deccan Queen by a woman TTE. An official from the Pune division said, \"The TTE caught the GRP official without a ticket and asked him to pay a fine, which he did. However, later when the train reached CST Mumbai, the TTE was asked to sit in the GRP office without any reason. Following the incident, women TTEs said they would not travel on the Mumbai route.\"Officials in the division said an alternative plan requires to be worked out for the women. They say that even though it is a difficult task to re-plan the shifts and trips of TTEs, steps will be taken soon to initiate changes, if required, in the existing plan. \"If the TTEs have raised issues about their security and safety, we have to give due consideration to it. We will hold talks with them and a solution will be worked out soon,\" said officials.Another official said, \"We deploy women railway protection force constables on trains at night. There is no proposal to deploy them on the Pune-Mumbai route during the day.\"The official said that a letter has been sent to the general manager of the Central Railway's office about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370152", "title": "Night temp drops, may go down further", "text": "PUNE: The temperature on Wednesday night dropped to 12.6 degrees Celsius, a fall of 2.3 degrees C from Tuesday night.However, the minimum temperature is still two degrees C above the normal. The day seemed hotter with the temperature at 32.5 degrees C, a rise of 4 degrees C.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) officials say the minimum temperature is likely to drop to 11 degrees C over the next 24 hours while the maximum temperature is expected to touch the 33 degrees C mark.Nashik recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature at 9.6 degrees C while the day temperature at Ahmednagar was the highest at 34.9 -- 6 degrees C above normal.The IMD's all-India weather summary stated that night temperatures remained below normal in some parts of Konkan and Goa. Mumbai recorded 19.5 degrees C and Ratnagiri recorded 21.7 degrees C. This was 1 and 2 degrees C below the normal mark respectively.However, the temperature was above normal in the central Maharashtra and appreciably above normal in Vidarbha region. Jalgaon recorded 10.6 degrees C while Malegaon and Mahabaleshwar recorded 12.6 degrees C and 14.6 degrees C respectively.The night temperatures in Sangli, Solapur and Kolhapur were above the 18 degree Celsius mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374969", "title": "Katrina Kaif wants a bungalow", "text": "Katrina Kaif is looking for a bungalow in Mumbai. While in their heyday, Dilip Kumar, Sunil Dutt , Dharmendra , Hema Malini and Rajesh Khanna's bungalows were quite the crowdpullers, SRK's Mannat and Bachchan's Jalsa and Prateeksha still feature on the tourist run of Mumbai visitors.So it's no surprise that Kat wants to join the league. She's looking for a property at Juhu where she can get her mum and seven siblings to stay with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370437", "title": "Fog plays havoc with flight, bus, train timings", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Foggy conditions in Delhi and Chandigarh heaped misery on those undertaking air, road and rail journeys as dense fog early on Wednesday morning made things quite difficult. Barring one, all other flights taking off from the Chandigarh airport in the morning were either cancelled or postponed.Airport officials said that very dense fog in Delhi had caused four flights to Chandigarh to be cancelled and those flights which managed to reach Chandigarh airport were delayed by one-and-a-half hours on an average. Even afternoon and early evening flights were affected with dense fog forming at the runways in both Delhi as well as Chandigarh.\"Only the Air India flight reached Chandigarh on schedule. Apart from that, all other flights were affected. We urge passengers to inquire the status of flights and their scheduling in order to avoid inconvenience,\" said Chandigarh airport director H S Toor.Things were no different at the Chandigarh railway station where all the nine trains arriving from other stations were majorly delayed. Officials at the railway station said that the morning New Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi Express was delayed by one hour, the morning New Delhi-Kalka Himalayan Queen was late by an hour, Lucknow-Chandigarh Express was delayed by three hours, Howrah-Kalka Mail was late by two hours and 10 minutes, while Amritsar-Chandigarh Duronto Express and New Delhi-Chandigarh Jan Shatabdi were delayed by one hour each.Private as well as state-run buses were delayed in their arrival timings at Chandigarh, with heavy fog in Delhi and along the way through Haryana playing havoc with their schedules. Some buses from the National Capital were delayed by as many as six hours on Wednesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11372092", "title": "Police drive against those carrying huge cash without papers", "text": "VARANASI: The strict implementation of model code of conduct in view of the assembly election has generated serious trouble, especially for those traders who do not carry supporting documents while taking huge cash or valuables from one place to other.A coal and one ornament trader came under the dragnet of statistic surveillance team and Adampur police on Wednesday. The Admapur police had launched a massive checking drive at Bhadau Chungi area since early morning to check each and every vehicles passing through the area. During the same drive, the police stopped the vehicle of a coal trader, Sachin Kumar Singh of Shivpur. When they checked the vehicle, cash worth Rs 13 lakh were recovered from it. The coal trader tried to convince the police by stating that he was returning from Chandauli coal depot after collecting dues from retailers. But, the police called the income tax officials for further investigation.After a few minutes, the luxury vehicle of a Madhya Pradesh ornament trader, Balkrishna Soni, was caught. He was carrying cash worth Rs 6.5 lakh and 4.5 kg of silver. As he also failed to produce the documents in support of the cash and silver being carried by him, his case was also handed over to income tax officials for further investigation.This drive of Adampur police also resulted in nabbing of Indian Made foreign liquor (IMFL)-laden goods carrier. Station Officer Adampur Sunil Verma said without supporting documents, the driver of the vehicle was heading towards the city with 61 cartons of IMFL bottles worth of Rs 5 lakh. Both the vehicle and the liquor stock were seized.Before that the Kotwali police caught the car of a Ghazipur-based trader, Afroz, from Maidagin on Tuesday evening. After the police recovered cash worth Rs 10 lakh from his vehicle, Afroz, his two companions and their car were taken to the police station where the IT officials interrogated them. Reports stated that after proper verification, Afroz was released on Wednesday. However, as Prashant Gupta, the cashier of a trader Suresh Gupta, could not produce satisfactory documents against the recovery of cash worth Rs 3.65 lakh, the money was seized. The amount was recovered from his possession by statistic surveillance team and Sigra police on Tuesday, confirmed SO Sigra Anand Singh. Cash worth Rs 2.10 lakh of a Ghazipur-based trader Arwind Singh was also deposited at Sarnath police station as he failed to produce supporting documents.Not only those travelling with cash and other valuables without supporting documents but even the blue and red beacon vehicles were caught by the police during the drive. The blue beacon vehicle of SDM Sadar (Chandauli district) in which his family was going, and a red beacon carrying two luxurious vehicles of a Rajya Sabha MP was caught in Adampur and Phoolpur police station areas respectively. All these vehicles were seized. Also dark film applied on the windows of cars and other vehicles also remained on the target of the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369557", "title": "Hooch claims 4 more lives in AP", "text": "HYDERABAD: Close on the heels of the death of19 tribals due to consumption of spurious liquor in Krishna district, illicit brew claimed the lives of four more in different parts of the state in the last 24 hours. While the hooch deaths continued, PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana made controversial remarks on Wednesday by blaming those who consumed the illicit liquor for the mess.A 35-year-old woman died in Yelikal village in Kalwakurthy mandal on Wednesday after she consumed illicit toddy. Kotamma died in the early hours in her house. She was a daily-wage labourer and her husband had also died four years ago after consuming hooch. Sources said some villagers who also consumed the toddy started vomiting and were rushed to the area hospital. Despite excise officials warning the villagers against consuming the illicit liquor, sources said hooch is illicitly brewed in Gadwal, Narayanpet and Shadnagar mandals.Tandu Yadaiah, 43, died in K T Annaram village in Suryapet mandal in Nalgonda district in the late hours of Tuesday after consuming spurious liquor. A carpenter, B Sambachari, 35, died in Marripalligudem in Kamalapur mandal in Karimnagar district in the early hours of Wednesday. Sources said he started consuming the spurious liquor since Tuesday morning.Another person, Konapakula Ramu, 28, died in his residence in Lankapalli village in Penuballi mandal in Khammam district in the late hours of Tuesday.Meanwhile, Botsa said excise officials had failed to check the ID (illicitly distilled) liquor business in villages and small towns.Speaking to newsmen in Gandhi Bhavan, Hyderabad, he said the onus was equally on those who consumed the hooch and the officials who failed to check the spread of the menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "saifai (etawah)", "code": "11370636", "title": "In Saifai, even Jatavs are veering back to MSY", "text": "SAIFAI (ETAWAH): There's an unlikely group of supporters that Mulayam Singh Yadav can bank on to reach 5, Kalidas Marg (official residence of UP CM). In a state where castebased politics reigns supreme, Saifai's Jatavs, regarded as Mayawati's traditional vote b a n k , also appear to be veering tow a rd s the Mulayam camp.Development, though, is the reason why the Jatav community and other Harijans in the area are considering throwing their weight behind Mayawati's political arch rival. Coupled with a strong anti-incumbency factor, this could even upset power equations in Etawah, where Mayawati swept 3 of the 4 assembly constituencies in the 2007 elections. \"These concrete roads here were built when Mulayam was in power. He also built hospitals, schools and colleges. When Mayawati won, we thought we would get handpumps near our homes; nothing was done,'' said Sugat Singh, a Jatav resident of Saifai's Lachhaun village.Despite the dramatic improvements in infrastructure, though, BSP won the Etawah, Barthana and Lakhana assembly seats, while losing Jaswant Nagar to Mulayam's younger brother Shivpal. This year though, none of the BSP MLAs appear to have made good on the poll promises they made in the last assembly election. A resident of Etawah's Pucca Bagh area, Faizuddin, said, \"Last time, Mahendra Singh Rajput of BSP was voted to power. He did nothing in these 5 years. Our sewer lines have still not been laid. Roads constructed during Mulayam's government are starting to fall apart. Our MLA is just a silent spectator.''There's reason why winds of change are blowing in Etawah. The last time Mulayam was voted to power, Saifai got a makeover that still manages to keep visitors and local residents talking, even after over 5 years have passed since he was the chief minister. And disgruntled voters appear to be reconsidering the SP rule.On the development front, the transformation of Saifai's skyline is clearly visible. From the centre of the village, where Mulayam's ancestral mansion is located, wide expanses of potato and mustard fields stretch to one side, while on the other, the horizon is dotted with a state-of-the-art UP Rural Institute of Medical Sciences and Research (RIMS), international sports stadia, residential degree colleges for men and women and pothole-free metalled roads.In a state where rural folk are migrating from villages in search of better lives and bigger opportunities in metropolitans, people in Saifai are happy with their rural existence.Even residents of Etawah who have lived away from the region acknowledge Mulayam has worked hard for his constituency; even going to the extent of transporting fertile soil from Itarsi in Madhya Pradesh for converting barren lands in Saifai to fertile tracts.Farming is not the only area that has benefitted from Mulayam's benevolence. Being an active sportsman through his younger years, Mulayam has ensured interested youth get the best sporting facilities within the village limits-that's two international level stadia for athletics and hockey, an Olympic size swimming pool, state-of-the-art gymnasiums and wrestling facilities. \"These facilities have provided an opportunity to local youth. Many of them have been selected at national level events,'' said district sports officer YP Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369142", "title": "Constable thrashed in Saket court premises", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two weeks after a beat constable was thrashed with a hammer in Sarojini Nagar, another cop was targeted by a drunk duo, this time in Saket. The constable had asked two youths, who had parked their car inside the Saket court complex, to vacate the premises. Enraged by the cop's interference, the duo allegedly dragged him into a police booth and assaulted him. One of the miscreants has been nabbed.The victim - identified as Subhash Chandra - who is posted at Saket police station, said he was thrashed by two men on the night of January 2 after he objected to them consuming alcohol in the court premises. Around 10pm, he saw a car stopping near gate number 3 of the complex. Although the guard opened the gate, the car did not move out. Suspecting foul play, the cop approached the car and saw two of the three occupants consuming liquor.\"I told them to leave the place immediately. A verbal altercation ensued which turned violent. Soon, the youths began to beat me,\" the cop said in his complaint. But there was more to follow. The accused allegedly dragged the cop to the police booth inside the court premises and hit him several times.In the melee, the constable got hold of one of them and dragged him towards the gate. He was overpowered by the police. In the meantime, the third occupant of the car fled while the other escaped on foot.A medical examination of the accused, identified as Sanjay Dutta, a resident of RK Puram, revealed traces of alcohol in his body. A case under section 186 of IPC (obstructing a government servant from discharging his duty), section 332, (voluntarily causing hurt) and section 353 (using assault or criminal force) has been registered against him. Sanjay has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur / new delhi / pune", "code": "11368199", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: 2 held for disposing of nurse\u2019s body", "text": "JAIPUR / NEW DELHI / PUNE: In a major breakthrough, the CBI on Wednesday arrested two people, Kailash Jakhar in Jodhpur and Bishna Ram in Pune, for Rajasthan government nurse Bhanwari Devi's murder.While Jakhar owned the SUV used to dispose of Bhanwari's body, Bishna had allegedly taken Bhanwari's body from the two main accused in the case, Sohan Lal Bishnoi and Shahabuddin, for disposal. With these arrests, the number of people in jail for Bhanwari's murder is now 12.Based on Jakhar's information, CBI sleuths conducted search for over four hours in Jaloda village in Rajasthan and also said they had identified the place where Bhanwari's body was burnt. The remains were then dumped in the Rajiv Gandhi link canal. Then, on the basis of Jakhar's phone calls made to Bishna in Pune, Bishna was arrested. Bishna had a reward of Rs 5 lakh on information leading to his whereabouts, and was untraced since September.The CBI has secured the spot where Bhanwari's body was burnt and called a Central Forensic Science Laboratory team from New Delhi to collect evidence. It has also got the flow of water in the canal checked and kept divers ready to search for possible remains of Bhanwari.According to sources, Bishna's brother Om Prakash Bishnoi, took CBI sleuths to the spot, where he pointed to a 20-30 feet deep crater. \"He said she was burnt in this crater and after the body was completely burnt, they collected her remains like ash, etc., and threw it in a nearby canal,\" said the source.Bishna, sources said, was hiding in Pune but in constant touch with Jakhar. \"On the basis of Jakhar's phone record, Bishna was traced to Pune. He is being brought to Jodhpur,\" said an officer.CBI said Jakhar came to Nevra Road on September 1 to receive Bhanwari;s body from Sohan Lal and Shahabuddin in a green Scorpio. His brief was to dispose the body without leaving any evidence. That Scorpio has been seized and a CFSL team is examining it.The arrests will now enable CBI to give a reply to Rajasthan High Court, where a habeas corpus filed by Bhanwari's husband Amarchand is still pending and listed for hearing on January 10. The agency already has under arrest Congress leader Mahipal Maderna, believed to have ordered Bhanwari's killing as she was blackmailing him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11375700", "title": "Smartphone sales set to double in 2012", "text": "MUMBAI: A plethora of utility applications, rapid adoption of broadband and affordable price options has fuelled growth in convergence devices like tablets and smartphones. Though both smartphones and tablets made an appearance in the domestic market over a year ago, smartphones are expected to double sales this year from nearly nine million units, and lead the growth in the segment.Smartphones have grown from a 2% share to 6% of the overall mobile market, estimated at 150 million units. Priced in the range Rs 6,000 to Rs 40,000, smartphones have witnessed a deep penetration not only among business executives, but also among youth for on-the-go entertainment and functional use.\"Smartphones and convergence devices like the Galaxy Note and tablets are showing a strong adoption in the market linked with the growing consumer need for staying connected with their friends /family /work, while being on the move as well as personalizing them by downloading applications\", says Ranjit Yadav, country head, Samsung Mobile &amp; IT.Samsung, which has a portfolio of 13 smartphones across platforms, emerged as the leader with the largest value and volume market share in November.Factors which have spurred growth in these devices are affordability and availability across operating platforms - Windows, Android and bada. Industries are increasingly applying mobile services in banking, manufacturing, retail, hospitality and healthcare, while automotive, logistics and consumer goods companies are using them to streamline inventory management, track demand, and manage shelf space.The market dominated by Samsung, Nokia and RIM is expected to get more crowded with the entry of Chinese and other domestic companies this year.Other devices like tablets and netbooks have also caught the consumer's fancy, though tablets are more popular due to their favourable form and advanced functionalities. Consumers and enterprises alike are seeking real-time, on-demand access to content, internet, computing and communication tools, and applications (apps), and the tablet has emerged as the perfect device to provide access to these features.Dell expects to see a proliferation of devices in various screen sizes to meet different needs as accessibility of information-on-the-go, becomes inevitable. With the small screen devices segment witnessing a rise in India, customers have a lot of brands, screen size and applications to choose from. \"We have a single purpose in mind and that is to provide a one-stop solution to consumers who want to discover, capture and share content as they roam around the world,\" says the company's director, product marketing, Shishir Singh.Apart from global vendors like Apple, Samsung, Dell, and more recently, Sony , entry of domestic players like Reliance and Beetel has led to intense competition in the market. Tablets are available at a price tag of Rs 4,500 to Rs 47,000, with Aakash (Datawind Ubislate) -the world's cheapest tablet PC - priced at Rs 2,999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370807", "title": "Caretaker held for sodomy", "text": "JAIPUR: A caretaker of an 'ashram' (orphanage) in Hanumangarh was arrested for allegedly sodomizing four minor boys for a long time.The Eklavya Ashram at Hanumangarh, meant for orphaned as well as children below poverty line, has nearly 15 teenagers belonging to BPL families.Out of these 15 teenagers, parents of four minors have alleged that Ram Singh (35), who was working as caretaker of the ashram, had been allegedly sodomizing the children. On Tuesday night, after the victims narrated their plight before their parents, a case under Section 377 of IPC was lodged against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370547", "title": "Sakshi, Samarpal get BJP ticket", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sakshi Maharaj and Chhatrpal Singh, both former MPs who were disqualified from Rajya Sabha after a committee headed by Dr Karan Singh pronounced them guilty for anomalies in handling their MP Local Area Development Fund, find themselves duly accommodated in BJP's third list of 77 candidates released on Wednesday. With this, the party has announced 224 candidates so far.The third list has mostly those candidates whose name was more or less certain and contentious seats like those in Lucknow have been left untouched. It has 17 former MPs and MLAs ,one former MLC, apart from 10 women candidates. Two former minister -- Jaipal Singh Gujjar and Rajendra Singh Chuhan -- have been selected to contest Kithore and Pariyali seats.Among other notable candidates the party MLA Udaybhan Kavaria has been fielded from Allahabad North while Muzaffarnagar MLA Ashok Kansal joins the fray from his home constituency. Samarpal Singh, former RLD legislator who had recently joined the saffron party, is in contest from the Siwal Khas seat. Haripartap Singh will contest the Pratapgarh and Ashutosh Vasherney, mayor of Aligarh, has been fielded from Aligarh seat, and Nawab Singh Nagar is in fight from Dadri. Rashmi Singh, a block pramukh, has been pitted against Congress heavyweight Amita Singh from Amethi constituency while Jagdish Mishra 'Balti Baba' will join the fight form Kushinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369327", "title": "Depressed with being obese, techie commits suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old software engineer of Intelligroup who was reportedly depressed for being overweight committed suicide by setting himself ablaze at his house in Miyapur on Tuesday night.The engineer, K Chandrasekhar of Vijayawada, was working at Intelligroup's Madhapur branch, Miyapur police said. He got married three years ago and the couple was residing at Hemdurga Plaza in Miyapur.A month ago his wife Prabhavati, who is pregnant, went to her parent's house and Chandrasekhar was living alone at the house. According to Miyapur SI G Sreekanth, Chandrasekhar, who was suffering from obesity , had been undergoing Ayurvedic treatment. However, the treatment did not help him in weight reduction.At about 8.30 pm on Tuesday, Chandrasekhar returned home with a bottle of petrol and locked the main door from inside. \"He doused himself with petrol and set himself ablaze. Neighbours who noticed the smoke billowing out of the house, broke the window glass and found Chandrasekhar engulfed in flames,\" the SI said.While some of them poured water through the window, others gained entry into the house by opening the door latch. But by the time the neighbours reached inside the house, Chandrasekhar was unconscious and the 108 staff, who arrived at the spot after 15 minutes, declared him dead, the SI added.Police did not find any suicide note. However, they found a few notes in his bedroom that pointed to the fact that he was depressed. \"Chandrasekhar did not leave any suicide note, but we found a few papers containing his random views about religion and women. We also came to know that as the Ayurvedic treatment did not work, Chandrasekhar went into depression. We suspect that he might have committed suicide due to depression ,\" the SI said.After the post-mortem, his body was handed over to the family on Wednesday and a suspicious death case was booked under Section 174 of the CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370756", "title": "School heads mull ways to impart quality education", "text": "LUCKNOW: To redefine Anglo-Indian education in India, heads of nearly 90 Anglo-Indian schools from across the country came together at La Martiniere Girls' College on Wednesday. In a three-day conference, which began on Wednesday, the principals of Anglo-Indian schools will dwell upon the finer aspects of imparting quality education to students.Talking to TOI on the challenges faced by Anglo-Indian schools, president, Heads of Anglo-Indian Schools, G I G Mann said, \"Being in minority in itself is the biggest challenge. Also, what is worrying is that the Anglo-Indian schools are not growing. Most of the schools are old ones, which were set up even before the independence. We need new Anglo-Indian schools.''Mann immediately reasoned that as it is difficult to get recognition, Anglo-Indian schools are fading away. The president, who is the head of Carman School, Dehradun, was present at the 90th conference of Heads of Anglo-Indian Schools at the La Martiniere Girls' College on Wednesday.Accompanying him was the secretary of Anglo-Indian schools, David Hilton. Hilton said, \"As times are changing, we need to adapt to the present scenario. We have been imparting quality education with values to the students. A lot of new policies have come up.\" The conference was inaugurated by governor B L Joshi. On the occasion, he said, \"Much of the person's character is built during his school days. Getting that foundation right is very important.'' Appreciating the Anglo-Indian schools for their laudable job in imparting value-based education, Joshi said, \"These schools are the centres of excellence. They have been nurturing values among children.''During the coming days, there will be a detailed discussion on the Right to Education (RTE) Act. Also, former chairman, Central Board of Secondary Education, Ashok Ganguly will talk about National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT), and National Curriculum Framework (NCF).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370408", "title": "HC pushes process further", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The anxiety of parents seeking admission for their kids in city private schools has got more intense with Punjab and Haryana high court adjourning the hearing on the petition alleging admission controversy in St Kabir School once again and this time to March 5, two months from now.Earlier, the hearing was adjourned as the inquiry committee was asked to submit the probe report as an affidavit on January 4 and this time the high court has asked the education department to submit their reply, that is - they do not have a say on the 75% of seats in private schools, in written on March 5. Shipra Bakshi, mother of a kindergarten applicant, said, \"March 5 means two more months. I feel the matter is being unnecessarily being dragged.\"Vikram Khanna, another parent said, \"I had never thought that getting your child admitted in a good school would turn out to be this difficult. From last one month my wife and I have been checking school websites in which we have applied, everyday to know the final draw date, but after today's decision it feels as if the anxiety is going to continue.\"\"It is just admission and could have been carried on peacefully but because of one school thousands of parents are suffering. Already there is so much of stress as the chances of admission are bleak due to less number of seats and this delay is become a headache,\" said Ashima Bhardwaj, mother of a nursery applicant.\"The education department should now let the other schools take forward the admission process as it has been a month of waiting now. Instead, the department should strictly direct schools to make sure that there are no irregularities. We also want to get over with this pressure of admissions,\" said Ashok Verma, father of a 4-year-old son.On the other hand, other private schools are eagerly waiting for UT education department to decide whether other private schools can go on with the admission process or not. Private schools had withheld the nursery class admissions, following directions from Director Public Instructions (school) office on December 12.However, this time they are expecting positive response from the education department as no school is willing to wait till March to 5.Manav Mangal School director Sanjay Sardana said, \"Education department should now give us some outline because if now the matter is kept pending, it will lead to chaos. The session must start by first week of April or else the burden of completing syllabus would fall on teachers.Most importantly parents are also suffering and department should take a decision which is in best interest of parents and schools.\"DAV-15 principal Dr Rakesh Sachdeva said, \"It would have been good if the matter would have settled today. But now the matter should not be delayed beyond March 5.\"Education cum finance secretary V K Singh said, \"We will decide upon the next action on Thursday or definitely by Friday.\" DPI(S), Sandeep Hans was not available for the comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370937", "title": "Dubious international calls bother cellphone subscribers", "text": "CHENNAI: If you are a Vodafone subscriber and have been getting missed calls from international numbers over the past two days, be careful. The telecom operator's investigators have found that several customers have been receiving calls from numbers beginning with +22455 and told to give their personal and banking details.The ISD code is of Guinea, but investigators say the callers may not be physically present in that country and could be using a system to make the calls appear with that code. The company has issued an advisory on Wednesday requesting customers not to respond to such calls and report them to Vodafone support centres.The modus operandi is simple: They give a missed call to the subscriber. The subscriber returns the call. He is told that he has won the lottery or a mobile phone. In some cases, the calls are abusive.Experts say these attacks are known as 'Wangiri' and they originated in Japan in 2002. 'Wangiri' means 'one (ring) and cut'. In this method, a computer is used to dial many mobile numbers at random using hundreds of phone lines. Many countries in the past, including Japan and the UK, were hit by such attacks. A similar attack was reported from Uttar Pradesh a few days ago.Vodafone subscribers have been discussing the matter over internet forums. One such member wrote: \"When I answered , a heavily-accented woman was telling me that I'd won a prize and I had to submit my details before being given the prize. I asked them how was it that they entered me for a prize draw but didn't know my details. Then, they disconnected the call.\"In some cases, subscribers were asked their personal details , and some others to deposit money in some Indian bank accounts. \"The attackers obviously have a good network in India as far as bank accounts are concerned ,\" said an investigator. The team has not been able to ascertain the primary motive so far but it looks very likely that it is mainly designed to steal information and cheat people financially.Vodafone's investigative team has been working in close coordination with police to trace the callers and to block such numbers. Officials said blocking numbers that have already been discovered is difficult since they target different circles at a time. Also, it is hard to predict how many such numbers are used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369207", "title": "Feisty NASA keep DKM at bay", "text": "NAGPUR: Sujay Bose and Sameer Jain struck when it mattered the most - punched crucial holes in the rival defense at the crunch situations - to help home team Nagpur Amateur Sports Association (NASA) overcame Dharampeth Krida Mandal (DKM) 32-25 in the Bank of Maharashtra U-18 D-League Basketball Championship at the Surendra Nagar courts here on Wednesday.Playing their second game in the league, the arch-rivals fought a tense and testing battle of wits before the boys in green prevailed by the sheer composure of their line-up, booked their second victory in as many games.The boys in blue from Shankar Nagar have themselves to be blamed, having failed to convert under-the-net baskets in the middle game as both the teams recorded 5-5 and 4-4 score at the end of first and last quarter respectively.The home team, however, held their nerves to seize the second period 12-9 and take a handy three-point lead at the breather before stretching it further to seven points by winning the third quarter 11-7. NASA maintained their handy advantage at the end to emerge victorious. For the winners, Sujay scored a game-high 8 points while Sameer and Prajwal Choudhary netted 7 points each. For DKM, Rahul Pisipati (7), Shubham Tulankar (5) and Rajat Pawar (5) played well.Earlier, in a girls' section game, Gurudeo Nagar Krida Mandal (GKM) outclassed Hanuman Nagar Krida Mandal (HKM) 25-3. Kalyani Wankhede (10) and Sayali Anturkar (8) have done all the scoring for the winners.In the last clash of the day, GKM boys maintained their teams' winning tempo with a facile 21-point (43-22) victory over Swastik Krida Mandal. Point guard Shubham Motghare displayed a heroic 22-point effort. Shrey Lende added 13 points for the winners. For SKM, Akshay Pande (9) and Sunil Pande (4) did well.From Thursday, the D-League action will be shifted at the Shankar Nagar courts of DKM.RESULTSBoys: NASA (Sujay Bose 8, Samir Jain 7, Prajwal Choudhary 7) bt DKM (Rahul Pisipati 7, Rajat Pawar 5, Shubham Tulankar 5) 32-25 (5-5, 12-9, 11-7, 4-4); GKM (Shubham Motghare 22, Shrey Lende 13) bt SKM (Akshay Pande 9, Sunil Pande 4) 43-22 (12-8, 6-9, 12-3, 13-2).Girls: GKM (Kalyani Wankhede 10, Sayali Anturkar 8) bt HKM (Ketki Mujumdar 2) 25-3 (6-0, 7-0, 4-3, 8-0).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11369807", "title": "Final arguments on MoI plea today", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Wednesday adjourned to January 5 the hearing of final arguments on a petition challenging the decision of medium of instruction (MoI) for giving grants to English medium primary schools.A division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre adjourned the hearing after senior advocate Atmaram Nadkarni, appearing for the petitioners, told the court he had some difficulty in completing his arguments on Wednesday and prayed for an adjournment to January 5.The petitions were filed by educationist Pandurang Nadkarni and others challenging the cabinet decision and the subsequent circular issued by the department of education (DoE).On December 22, 2011, the high court had directed the state government to file by January 4, 2012, the action taken report against those schools that had changed the MoI, despite high court's directions.The court had passed the direction after the advocate general Subodh Kantak told the court that appropriate action would be taken against these schools.On July 18, 2011, the high court had passed an order that the cabinet decision and the subsequent DoE circular should not be implemented until further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370653", "title": "UP election turns into a family affair", "text": "LUCKNOW: When it comes to elections, blood relations seem to score over toil. The manner in which every political party is fielding the kin of senior leaders in UP election, the battle of battle can be dubbed as a family affair. About two dozen heir-apparent are set to inherit the political legacy of their father. Many will enter the arena without any experience.And, it's the ruling Bahujan Samaj Party that tops the list with at least 10 such candidates already in the fray.The first-timers include two children of state BSP president Swami Prasad Maurya. His son Utkarsh is taking the political plunge from Rae Bareli, while daughter will test the political waters from Jasrana assembly constituency in Mainpuri.Ramveer Upadhay, a powerful minister in Mayawati's cabinet, is fielding his younger brother Rameshwar from Dibai in Bulandshahr. Having already paved the way to Parliament for his wife Seema, Ramveer is confident that Rameshwar, a debutant, will make it through because of his sheer dedication and concern for the people of Dibai.Following Ramveer are BSP MPs Qazi Rana and Jagjit Singh . The duo are set to launch their brothers from Charthawal in Muzaffarnagar and Muzaffarabad respectively. Former MP Ganga Charan Rajput has fielded his brother from Hamirpur. The list does not end here.While MLC Pappu Chaudhary's wife Hemlata has jumped into the fray from Baghpat, chief minister Mayawati's confidante Satish Chandra Mishra is believed to have secured a ticket for his three relatives excluding his nephew Anant Misra who was the medical health minister in Maya cabinet till he had to resign following allegations of corruption in National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).The Samajwadi Party list of candidates has the names of Mulayam's nephew Ankur Yadav and two of his cousins. The list also includes sitting SP MP Ameer Alam's son Nawazish Alam from Muzaffarnagar, SP MP from Banda RK Singh Patel's son Sunil Patel from Chitrakoot and MP Reoti Raman Singh's son Ujjwal from Karchana in Allahabad. SP MP from Shahajahanpur Mithlesh Kumar has secured a ticket for his wife while party MP Bal Kumar Patel has got a ticket for his nephew. Naresh Agarwal, who returned to SP recently, too has got a ticket for his son Nitin from Hardoi.The Congress has announced the names of Beni Prasad Verma's son Rakesh while former UP chief minister Ram Naresh Yadav's son Ajay Naresh Yadav has got ticket from Phoolpur PawaiUnion minister Salman Khurshid's wife Louise Khurshid is Congress candidate from Farrukhabad while there is buzz of Congress MP Sanjay Singh's wife Ameeta Singh getting ticket from Amethi. The candidature of Union minister RPN Singh's mother Mohini Devi Singh, Zafar Ali Naqvi's son Saif Ali Naqvi and Digvijay Singh's son-in-law Rajkunwar Ratnakar Singh may be announced soon.Ramakant Yadav's son Arun Yadav from Phoolpur, Saleem Sherwani's son from Badaun, Balram Yadav's son from Attauriya in Azamgarh may also enter the fray. Lalji Tandon's son Gopal Tondon and Rajnath Singh's son Pankaj Singh are also known aspirants for UP election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369143", "title": "NSI to probe black money invested in post office savings schemes", "text": "NAGPUR: With the government tracing black money flowing even into small savings schemes, post offices offering these plans are also coming under the lens of probe agencies.National Savings Institute, which is headquartered in the city, markets these schemes through post offices. It has been designated as the inspection agency to prevent money laundering via schemes like national savings certificate (NSC), post office bank accounts, recurring deposits or public provident fund (PPF).These schemes are mainly targeted at the poor and middle class. However, there are reports of substantial amount of unaccounted wealth being parked in such plans too.The government has inputs that since banks adopted the 'know your client' (KYC) norms, black money is being diverted to small savings schemes, with the hope that it can avoid the attention of sleuths. Unlike banks, post offices do not have a system of tallying accounts of various branches.In 2010, post offices were brought under the jurisdiction of anti-money laundering laws. This made KYC norms applicable to post offices too, with investors required to submit credentials of their identity and address as well as permanent account number (PAN) for investing over 50,000. However, there have been reports that norms are not being effectively implemented at some post offices, said a source in the ministry of finance.There is information of money being parked under fictitious names. Multiple accounts are used to invest more than the upper limit fixed. It is easy to open multiple accounts of same or fictitious names, since post offices do not have a system of cross-checking. Now, with KYC norms in place, identity of the person can be tracked but there is no prevention against this, sources said.NSI will now probe whether the norms are being effectively followed or not. A mandate has been set for each region to conduct inspections in at least 10 post offices during a month.However, NSI is expected to face several challenges in the job. The move was initiated in August, but NSI officials are yet to be trained, so inspections have not been started. A decision has now been taken to train officials through the financial intelligence unit (FIU), which does the job for Reserve Bank of India (RBI) officials too.Also, NSI is poorly staffed. With 1.5 lakh post offices all over the country, the staff strength, including the regional directors, does not exceed 100. A proposal to increasing manpower has been put up before the ministry of finance. However, the organization will also have to conduct a few inspections before that, said a source.Many other details have to be worked out too. The type of post offices to be inspected have to be decided first. Rural post offices may be left out, considering that mainly those in the cities are being used for money laundering. Hence, number of post offices will be reduced to 20,000, but even that number is too big for the present NSI staff, the source in ministry of finance added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370221", "title": "Man held in Bhanwari Devi case", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police on Wednesday arrested Bishnaram Monaram Bishnoi, an absconding suspect in the alleged kidnapping and murder of Rajasthan nurse Bhanwari Devi, from an industrial godown in Lonavla, around 60 km from here.Also, on Wednesday, the CBI arrested one Kailash Jakhar in Jodhpur in the same case.Bishnoi (26) of Jodhpur was untraceable since September last year and the CBI had announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh for information about him.The police said Bishnoi was staying in Pune before moving to Lonavla. They are trying to find out who had given him shelter here.Pune police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar said Bishnoi's acquaintances had helped him hide at the godown in Lonavla. \"We have information about the people who helped Bishnoi in Lonavla. However, we are not going to disclose their names,\" she said.Borwankar also refused to divulge the exact location in Lonavla from where Bishnoi was picked up, saying it could hamper investigations. She also refused to elaborate on the role played by Bishnoi in the alleged crime, saying he was yet to be interrogated.Borwankar said Bishnoi is a criminal on the records of the Rajasthan police. \"He has 42 cases registered against him, including attempt to murder, body offences and fraud,\" she said.Borwankar said Bishnoi's arrest was an \"excellent example\" of team work between law enforcement agencies. She said joint commissioner of police Sanjeevkumar Singhal got a call on Tuesday night from the CBI superintendent of police in New Delhi about Bishnoi's presence in Pune. \"The Pune police crime branch and the CBI started working together to trace Bishnoi. Four teams were formed to trace him. On Wednesday morning, the crime branch received reliable information that Bishnoi had taken shelter in Lonavla. A police team arrested him from an industrial godown there,\" she said.A source from the crime branch of the Pune police told TOI that Bishnoi came to Pune in the first week of December last year. He left for Lonavla around 10 days back, he said.The police produced Bishnoi before judicial magistrate first class K P Jain-Desarda around 5.30 pm to seek his transit police custody remand for two days. Assistant public prosecutor Supriya Desai said the transit remand was required as Bishnoi was to be handed over to the CBI in Jodhpur. She said the CBI had obtained an order to declare him a proclaimed offender as per section 82 of the Criminal Procedure Code.The magistrate asked Bishnoi in Hindi whether he had any complaints of ill-treatment against the police. He replied in the negative. The magistrate then granted the two-day transit remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11372170", "title": "BHU is 'university with potential for cxcellence'", "text": "VARANASI: The Banaras Hindu University (BHU) got the status of 'University with Potential for Excellence (UPE)' from the University Grants Commission (UGC).According to the university spokesperson, a communication by UGC to the BHU vice chancellor has conveyed the sanction of Universities with Potential for Excellence (UPE). A total of 31 universities had sent their proposals for this purpose. The standing committee of UGC shortlisted 10 universities, out of which six got the UPE status. Under this proposal, BHU will get a grant of Rs 50 crore for five years. Vice chancellor Lalji Singh and his team had visited Delhi and presented the proposal before the standing committee of UGC on December 7, 2011.The revised proposal focused on two areas -advanced functional materials (Rs 7.5 crore) and Genomics and Proteomics (Characterisation of risk factors/diagnostic markers in multifactorial/infectious diseases and genomics of abiotic stress tolerance Rs 7.5 crore). The university will also get Rs 12 crore to establish stem cell, bone marrow transplant facility at its Sir Sunder Lal Hospital.The facilities of stem cell/bone marrow transplant at the BHU hospital will help cases of heart alignment, muscular injuries, spinal code injuries, cancer treatment, damaged liver regeneration. In the scientific community, the BHU VC is one of the experts in the field of stem cell culture. He is currently the chairman of Stem Cell Advisory Committee, Chhattisgarh, to advice the chief minister to create these facilitates in the state. The Stem Cell Institute is in advanced stage of establishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369539", "title": "Moneylender booked for abetting suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Juhu resident Gokul Dashrat Mali attempted suicide following harassment from the local moneylender, the Juhu police on Wednesday registered an FIR against the moneylender.The Juhu police on Wednesday booked moneylender Silva Devendra under for abetment to suicide and sections of the Money Lending Act. On Tuesday, Mali attempted suicide by consuming rat poison. Mali gave a statement to the police on Tuesday that he was harassed by Devendra and when he went to the Juhu police the latter helped Devendra instead.DCP (zone 9) Pratap Dighavkar said, \"An inquiry has been ordered and the ACP has been asked to inquire into Mali's allegations.'' Cops have also registered an offence of attempt to suicide against Mali.\"My husband had taken a loan of Rs 3 lakh from Devendra mortgaging our house papers. He paid the amount but Devendra claims the amount and an interest of Rs 10 lakh was due. He harassed us to transfer the house in his name, but it was registered in his friend Raju Khatik's name,'' said the victim's wife, Kalpana Mali . She alleged that Devendra had forged Khatik's signature.\"I had never signed documents for Devendra,'' confirmed Khatik.Moneylender Devendra denied the allegation. \"I am a licensed moneylender. Mali had taken a loan of Rs 10 lakh anD failed to pay. I have filed a cheque bouncing case against Mali.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370470", "title": "Pharma firms lapping up fresh grads", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The latest placement trend at Panjab University has been beneficial for the pre-final year students who have successfully bagged jobs while companies came to hire the final year batch.Besides the 35 students in a batch of 40 in MPharma course at University Institute of Pharmaceutical Studies (UIPS), five students who just entered the second year of their course bagged job offers from leading pharmaceutical companies.\"Companies have shortlisted the students whom they will offer job letters in advance, before they complete their course,\" said Renu Chadha, placement coordinator at UIPS. The students have been offered varied interesting job profiles in leading pharma companies, she added.The major firms include Novartis , Indigene Pharmaceuticals, Dr Reddy's Lab, Ranbaxy, Matrix Laboratories and Mylan. The pay package for pharmacy students have been ranging between Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh per annum. \"They would remain the same or may get better for the younger batch,\" said Chadha.Meenakshi, an MPharma-I student from UIPS, said leading companies have been visiting their campus for placements with the efforts of faculty members.\"It is an encouragement for pre-final year students to have got job offers much in advance,\" said Renu Chadha, faculty member and placement coordinator at UIPS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11370474", "title": "Deep-voice not a sign of virility in men: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Women often find deep-voiced men more attractive, but a new study says such men are not always better in one of the masculine traits: virility.Researchers from the University of Western Australia found that though men with a lowpitched voice are considered more muscular and attractive , they don't have \"macho\" sperm.The first finding of the researchers, who looked at male voice pitch, women's perceptions of it and semen quality, was no surprise: Women like low-pitched voices and consider them masculine.But contrary to expectations , they also found that these men aren't better off in the semen department. In fact, by one measure of sperm quality - concentration - men with the deep voices appeared to have a disadvantage, LiveScience reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11369766", "title": "Gold chain robbed fromshop at Bicholim", "text": "BICHOLIM: The Bicholim police have booked an offence against two unknown women for allegedly stealing a gold chain weighing 16gm from a jewellery shop at Bicholim market on Wednesday morning. Police said that chain is worth 70,000.According to the complaint lodged by the jewellery shop owner, Balkrishna Vernekar, the two women entered the shop on the pretext of buying a gold chain.While the chains being shown to them, one of the women diverted the shop owner's attention, while other one picked up the chain.The duo then quickly left the shop. The theft came to light when the shop owner noticed that one chain was missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi/lucknow", "code": "11370325", "title": "\u2018CBI must conduct impartial probe &amp; I\u2019ll come out clean\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI/LUCKNOW: Babu Singh Kushwaha was sacked in April 2011 soon after chief medical officer B P Singh was murdered and lid on the swindle blew off.Singh's predecessor V K Arya had also been shot in a similar manner and deputy CMO Y S Sachan was arrested on suspicion of masterminding the two killings. Mysteriously, Sachan was found dead in Lucknow jail soon after his arrest. During raids on premises of general manager (constructions and design services of UP Jal Nigam), P K Jain, CBI found three kg of gold and Rs 1.10 crore in cash. Raids were also conducted at homes of BSP MLC Ram Chandra Pradhan. Several relatives of Kushwaha were questioned.Kushwaha insisted he was innocent. \"I am open to any investigation. The CBI must conduct an impartial probe and I will come out clean,\" he told reporters in Lucknow. The agency said it registered five cases on Monday in connection with corruption in awarding contracts by UP's Family Welfare department for implementation of NRHM scheme in the state. The cases were registered by turning two Preliminary Enquiries (PEs). Three other PEs relating to UP's health department also probed former health minister Anant Mishra.The agency has estimated Rs 28 crore loss in these five cases so far. The CBI probe is focused on alleged irregularities in utilizing Rs 10,000 crore allocated under the National Rural Health Mission to the BSP-ruled state. These funds were allocated for 2005-06 till date by the Union Health and Family Welfare Ministry. About 300 CBI officers conducted raids across four states - UP, Delhi, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh - and found large number of incriminating documents.The raids began on Wednesday morning, a day after CBI procured warrants. They raided 60 places, including Amethi, Ghaziabad, Agra, Moradabad, Noida, Bareilly (all in UP), Sonepat (Haryana), Gwalior (Madhya Pradesh) and Delhi. The first case is based on one PE about upgrade of 134 district hospitals for Rs 13.4 crore by C&DS;, a unit of UP Jal Nigam. Kushwaha has been named an accused along with P K Jain, private company Surgicoin and other family welfare department officials in this FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374429", "title": "Bollywood wishes Deepika Padukone on her b\u2019day", "text": "The beautiful Deepika Padukone turns an year older today and in an earlier interview to TOI she says, \"I don't expect gifts from anyone. I work hard and treat myself to whatever I want...\"The girl who has her head firmly placed over her shoulder was last seen in Rohit Dhawan's Desi Boys with John Abraham and is currently on a vacation with boyfriend Siddharth Mallya.Meanwhile, friends and colleagues from Bollywood have been wishing Deepika Padukone a happy birthday on Twitter.Her co-star from 2007 hit Om Shant Om , Arjun Rampal tweets \"@deepikapadukone happy birthday most beautiful, get back soon we miss u. Love always\".\"Happy b'day babe... Have a super year!\", tweets Priyanka Chopra .Neil Nitin Mukesh says, \"here is wish one of my most favorite co stars and dearrrr friend a very happy and jovial, filled with love, birthday! Loads of love to you and a lot of blessing. Keep smiling always\".Ace Photographer, Atul Kasbekar tweeted \"And a very happy birthday @deepikapadukone. Hope ur having an awesome holiday\".\"Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Love. Love. Karthik. Karthik\",says Farhan Akhtar .Deepika Padukone also thanked her friends for all the lovely wishes and blessing, she tweets, \"Thank you all so much for your love and wishes and making my birthday so special\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11370349", "title": "Pak SC warns govt about amnesty law", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's supreme court warned the government of action if its verdict on amnesty law, which granted immunity to politicians and bureaucrats in corruption cases, was not implemented by January 10.The court had declared the amnesty law, National Reconciliation Ordinance, void.To implement the SC order , the government must reopen graft cases against thousands of people, including Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari . These cases were closed under the amnesty law promulgated by former president Pervez Musharraf in 2007 to enable slain leader Benazir Bhutto's return to Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372762", "title": "East West Summit held", "text": "KANPUR: The University Institute of Paramedical Sciences of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharj University organised a seminar under the aegis of 'East West Summit For Service To Humanities and International Relations'. Paula W Boley, Dean of School of Health Sciences, US and Cora D Shonk were present as chief guests.Prof Ashok Kumar, vice chancellor, CSMU; registrar, Syed Waqar Hussain, Prof Sandeep Singh, Dr Awadh Dubey and Dr Pravin Katiyar lighted the lamp to mark the start of the programme.During the programme, Paula W Boley, Dean of School of Health Sciences, proposed ties for exchange of educational and social programmes between the two. The CSMU VC gave his consent and said such an exchange programme would benefit students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11374637", "title": "Thumb impression must for getting driving license", "text": "INDORE: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) has made thumb impression mandatory from Wednesday for all the driving license seekers. The impression would be linked to complete information of the applicant and would be stored in the computer.RTO Pawan Garg said that the new system is fool-proof, and will be useful at the time of issuing license or renewal of license. This would make identification of individuals easier and impersonation difficult.The project is being undertaken with the help of Smart Chip Company and it would make the data available of the applicant on a click of a mouse. \"As of now there are chances of tampering with the information and even the license,\" said the RTO adding that after linking the data with thumb impression chances of tampering would be minimal.Whether the system was in use earlier, the RTO said that the system of thumb impression was in use, but was not linked to the data and therefore the official had to go through the time consuming process of putting the data in place with the thumb impression. \"But now we have the details just on the click of the mouse,\" he added.The new system has been welcomed by the people seeking to renew the license or even applying a fresh. \"Any system which can prevent our security is welcome,\" said Alok Singh, a resident of Malviya Nagar while standing in queue for test. He said that the RTO would be also able to put a check on fake licenses.Another applicant Jitu Mathur said that the RTO needs to check the interference of agents. \"Thumb impression etc is all fine but what about irregularities and corruption in the RTO,\" he quipped adding that the officials need to ensure that the common man is not harassed at the RTO, which as of now is a distant dream.The impression would be linked to complete information of the applicant and would be stored in the computer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369095", "title": "Final hearing on Zill Parishad polls quota today", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Wednesday deferred final hearing on the plea by a zilla parishad member and another citizen challenging cancellation of reservation in various constituencies for the ZP and panchayat samiti (PS) polls by a day.A division bench comprising justices PB Majumdar and Ashok Bhangale stated that the plea would not be rendered infructious and decision would be given on merit.State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan had already announced the programme in Mumbai stating that the ZP polls would be conducted on February 7. Counsels for petitioner, Parsodkar and Amit Balpande, earlier contended that the government has sought time at all benches of Bombay HC in similar petitions.As per petitioners - Devendra Godbole, ZP member from Mouda Babdeo in Nagpur, and Sanjay Jagtap -the forthcoming ZP and panchayat samiti polls in the state are being held on the basis of census of 2011 but in Nagpur, those are being conducted on the old census of 2001. He pointed out that as per SEC's notification of September 29, the ZP and panchayat samiti elections should be conducted on the basis of 2011 census.On October 13, the draw of lots for the reservations was held as per 2001 census. The petitioner said that in Nagpur ZP, there are 59 seats of which 50% are reserved for women .Earlier, the petitioner's Babdeo ward was for open category. However, the district collector in a meeting on November 2 reserved it to women's category. Godbole then raised objections with the divisional commissioner arguing that the collector acted arbitrarily and without following due process of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369705", "title": "Robbers attack ex-babu\u2019s wife", "text": "HYDERABAD: Robbers attacked a 73-year-old lady at her residence in Ramnagar and made off with gold jewellery.The septuagenarian, Venkata Subba Lakshmi, suffered a cut on her throat but is reportedly out of danger.Although the incident occurred on Tuesday, it came to light on Wednesday.Subba Lakshmi is the widow of a former IAS officer , Visweswar Rao. She has been residing at Lalita Nagar in Ramnagar along with her son NSS Prasad, who is principal of the Kendriya Vidyalaya at Mahbubnagar, and daughter-in-law Karuna, a teacher at Uppal's Kendriya Vidyalaya.After her son and daughter-in-law left for work in the morning, two unidentified persons entered the house at about 1.30pm and attacked the elderly woman with a knife after throwing chilli powder in her eyes.\"Luckily, the weapon did not damage Lakshmi's windpipe. After injuring Lakshmi, the robbers escaped with her gold chain, four gold bangles and earrings,\" Nallakunta inspector M Suman Kumar said.The incident came to light at about 3.30pm after Karuna returned from work.Not finding her mother-in-law in the hall, Karuna went to her bedroom and found it latched from the outside.Opening the latch, she found Lakshmi lying on the floor bleeding.Police have booked a case under sections 392 (robbery) and 397 (robbery or dacoity with an attempt to cause death or grievous hurt) of the Indian Penal Code.The two accused have been reportedly taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370042", "title": "SFI and CP gherao Asutosh principal", "text": "KOLKATA: Trouble broke out at Asutosh College in south Kolkata on Wednesday after the governing body decided to postpone the students' union election that was scheduled to be held on January 20.The Student Federation of India (SFI), the CPM's student wing, and Chhatra Parishad, alleged that this was an attempt by the college management to provide an edge to the Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) and gheraoed principal Dipak Kar from 5pm till late in the evening. It has also been alleged by the SFI that the governing body only paid heed to the TMCP's demands and ignored theirs.Trinamool leader and Union minister of state Saugata Roy, who was a former teacher at the college and is now chairman of the governing body, said, denied that deferment of the election date had anything to do with the TMCP.\"The election was postponed as it came to our notice that the process was illegal. The postgraduate and BBA students don't have voting rights. We also received complaints that there are only 22 class representative posts for nearly 5,000 students. The college election committee took all these factors into account before postponing the date. Even Sugato Marjit, chairman of state higher education council, wrote to the college principal requesting him to postpone the elections. When the governing body took the decision, SFI representatives were present. I don't know why they are protesting now,\" he said.Asutosh College alumnus and SFI state secretariat member Satarup Ghosh, however, refuted the claim denied that SFI representatives agreed to the deferment.\"Student representatives weren't present when the governing body took the decision. Even we want the postgraduate students to vote but we don't want the elections to be postponed for an indefinite period. Names of the PG students could have been included in the voters' list next year. We were told by the principal that he postponed the elections after receiving a letter from the state higher education department. This is undemocratic,\" he said.Education minister Bratya Basu denied that any such letter was sent to the college principal. \"College elections are the responsibility of the governing body and I have ensured that the government doesn't interfere in any way,\" he said.State TMCP president Baishwanor Chattopadhyay said: \"We gave a deputation to the state higher education council that elections should be held after working out a proper ratio between students and class representatives. The previous government, for its convenience, had only 22 CRs posts for 5,700 students. The SFI and Chhatra Parishad are creating unnecessary trouble.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11372484", "title": "People's Party of Arunachal merges with Congress", "text": "ITANAGAR: In a significant political development, all the four legislators of the People's Party of Arunachal (PPA) has merged with the Congress thus, giving a boost to the ruling party in the state.The four PPA members, who by themselves constituted the entire legislature party in the Assembly, joined the Congress on Tuesday night, increasing the strength of the Congress in the state assembly to 46 members in a house of 60. The speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Wanglin Lowangdong made this official in a decision taken as per the provision of the Tenth Schedule of the Constitution of India and the Members of Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly (Disqualification on Ground Defection) Rules, 1987. The four MLAs include Phurpa Tsering, Kumsi Sidisow, Takam Pario and Markio Tado. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11372382", "title": "Centre for disability studies inaugurated", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati University, in collaboration with NTPC Limited, started an information communication training centre (ITC) at the department of disability study on Wednesday. The aim behind this training centre is to encourage students with disability to pursue higher education in the field of science and technology.Power minister Pradyut Bordoloi, who inaugurated the centre, said, \"It is really a memorable day as such a training centre would definitely help differently abled students to pursue higher education in science and technology.\"The centre would have computers with several assisted devices and software to enable visually challenged students to use computers. At present, a course on computer literacy and a foundation course in science and technology have been introduced and about 20 students have enrolled for the course.OK Medhi, vice chancellor of GU, said, \"There is no scope for higher education for the people with disabilities and their education is confined till school level only. So, we wanted to provide them scope to pursue science and technology. Right now, we have introduced two courses. But in the coming years, we plan to diversify our courses and a PhD in science for disabled students is also on the anvil. As of now, we are taking one step at a time.\"Kishore Mohan Bhattacharyya, the head of the department of disability studies, said, \"The NTPC has indeed done a great job and we hope that the students would be able to have proper exposure to science and technology.\"Chitrani Medhi, course co-ordinator of NTPC foundation, said, \"One of the most challenging work for the disabled is to learn how to use computers, science and technology. So, this centre would help them in learning new technology.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11362720", "title": "Navale family celebrates b'day of M N Navale", "text": "It was an occasion to raise a toast for the Navale family, as they celebrated the birthday of M N Navale, Founder President of Sinhgad Technical Education Society in style, at hotel Le Meridien. The family members who took lead in lending the party a special touch included M N Navale's wife Dr Sunanda Navale, daughter Rachana and son Rohit Navale.The party had all the elements of fun including peppy music and a live performance. The perfect venue added to the mood of the guests. A sumptuous dinner which the guests were seen relishing, aptly summed up the celebrations.A few celebs who graced the function were former Minister Ramesh Bagwe, Uday Bapu, Mohite Patil, Dr Shejwalkar and Bias, Ghanshyam Talreja, Suresh Kolhapure, Geetanjali Roy, Subhash and Neelam Sanas, P D Patil, Bashant Vaidya, Kushbhau Singare, Madhukar Kokate, Ram and Reeta Agrawal and , Vasantrao Mhaske, Lal Bahadur and Jaishree Katariya, Sunita Band and Dilip Band, N B Pasalkar and all STES heads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11372764", "title": "SPOs detained, prevented from staging protest in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: Over two hundred special police officers (SPOs), who were relieved from their jobs in 2010, were prevented from staging a protest in front of the office of the Assam director general of police (DGP) here on Wednesday.222 SPOs under the banner of the Special Police Officers' Welfare Society (SPOWS) gathered at Guwahati railway station to march towards the DGP's office at Ulubari. But, the SPOs were promptly detained by police soon after reaching the Guwahati railway station area and were taken to the Sonaram playground. The SPOs were not allowed to proceed towards the DGP's office.Although all the detained SPOs were released later, the SPOWS has threatened to resume its protest on Thursday to highlight their plight.About 278 SPOs were relieved from their duties in the Dima Hasao district in 2010. The SPOs have been demanding their re-engagement with the police since then.\"About 900 SPOs were recruited by the police department to protect the infrastructure projects from militants' attack in Dima Hasao district in 2009. We were engaged in manning infrastructure works like National Highway Authority of India's road project and railway broad gauge conversion project after special training on handling arms and counter-insurgency attacks,\" said SPOWS president Parag Buragohain.Buragohain claimed that while the SPOs deployed for manning the road project were retained, those engaged in the protection of the broad gauge conversion works were removed from duty without any prior notice.\"On May, 2010, we were suddenly informed that we have to hand over all the weapons and leave for our homes. Now we are all jobless. Many of us have families. Unless we are given our jobs back, we will die,\" Buragohain said.He also claimed that the family members of the eight SPOs who were killed in militant attacks during their duties did not get any benefit from the government yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11368897", "title": "Congress-NCP pact for Nagpur, 7 other cities", "text": "NAGPUR: With barely six weeks left for the crucial elections to the ten municipal corporations in the state, the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party formally announced a pre-poll tie up for eight cities - Nagpur, Amravati, Akola, Mumbai, Thane, Nashik, Ulhasnagar and Pune.\"We have in principle agreed to go together in eight cities for the civic polls,\" state Congress president Manikrao Thakre told TOI on Wednesday. NCP state president Madhukar Pichad also confirmed the alliance for the eight cities. The two parties had been under pressure to have a tie-up to avoid splitting of the secular vote.However, right from start, the NCP wanted to go it alone at Pimpri-Chinchwad. To balance it, Thakre said the Congress would not have an alliance in Solapur, a Congress stronghold represented in Parliament by senior leader and Union energy minister Sushilkumar Shinde whose daughter Praniti is an MLA from there.\"Local leaders in each city have been asked to sort out seat-sharing. The two parties are into talks and it may take a few more rounds to arrive at the number of seats each would contest,\" said Thakre. AICC general secretary and city MP Vilas Muttemwar said the pre-poll pact would benefit both parties. \"Finalisation of seats may take at least two more weeks,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372859", "title": "Supriya wants to marry Shahid Kapoor", "text": "The world would come to an end on December 21, 2012! This is what the ancient Mayans would have us believe, having had predicted this thousands of years ago. Almost all scoff at such predictions and rightly so. However, there are some who harbour thoughts of what they would like to do before the end comes. Ludhiana, Times of India checks out the wish list of some LudhianvisModel Town: Owning a BMW, earning about Rs 50,000 in an MNC, marrying Shahid Kapoor and touring Australia and Canada in style are somethings Supriya Mahajan is hoping to do before doomsday. But that's not all, the 22-year-old also wants to use her final months - if the world were to after all end soon - educating villagers against child marriage.Daughter of Arya Bhanu Mahajan, who is working with Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL), and school teacher Sumita, Supriya said she has never been to a village but it irritates her that girls are forced to dropout from school and get married. \"If the world has to end in 2012, I want to make villagers around Ludhiana allow their daughters to study instead of marrying them off at very young age. History stands witness about the contribution of women in India's success story,\" she said.On a whim, the Model Town-resident would love to marry Bollywood star Shahid Kapoor because he is cute, innocent and boyish. \"I liked him in 'Vivah' and 'Mausam'. I like Imran Khan also but since he is already married he is off my list,\" said Supriya, quickly adding that she knows it's a wild desire and eventually she will marry the one her parents pick for her.A student of masters in business management at Gujranwala Guru Nanak Institute of Management and Technology (GGNIMT), Supriya also wants to work with a company like Reliance and earn big bucks so that she can live life king size. BMW is her favourite brand of automobiles and she wishes to have one for herself before meeting doomsday. \"It looks great and is comfortable inside. I would love to take my husband for a ride in the car,'' she said.Going for luxury tours to Australia and Canada are also high on her list of things to do because she has heard a lot about the two countries' scenic beauty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368357", "title": "TMC CPM\u2019s B team: Congress MP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress's agitation against the Trinamool Congress over renaming Indira Bhawan and Congress MP Deepa Dasmunshi's description of its ally as a CPM \"B team\" is threatening to escalate the row between the coalition partners.Congress's riposte to Trinamool leader Mamata Banerjee's claim that the UPA lead player was in league with CPM did nothing to ease to growing tensions. Trinamool leaders claimed that Congress withdrawing support to the West Bengal government would have little impact but UPA rested on the backing of the regional party's 19 MPs.There is a concern among leaders in both parties that the war of words may gather a momentum of its own. Banerjee needs the continued support of the Centre, but is keen to rub it in that she calls the shots undisputedly in Bengal and can even influence the Delhi durbar.Congress spokesman Rashid Alvi, in a suo moto statement, said it was a \"wrong practice\" to rechristen a building named after a big leader with another. The statement came in the wake of Congress protests in Kolkata over the CM's reported plan to rename Indira Bhavan after Kazi Nazrul Islam. Banerjee retaliated with an angry outburst on Tuesday.Alvi said, \"Indira Gandhi was not just the country's PM but the people's emotions were associated with her. She is seen with great respect in the entire world. So, when you replace one name with another, it hurts the sentiments of people.\" Trinamool has indicated that it does not intend to relent on its opposition to some major Congress initiatives. Managing the Trinamool is the foremost political task for the Congress in the new year.The suggestion that Congress would brook no compromise on the renaming could further strain the ties between UPA allies - already in trouble after Trinamool Congress opposed the Lokpal Bill in Rajya Sabha. Asked about the protests by Congress leaders that include a minister in state, Alvi said it was linked to \"people's sentiments\".Though Banerjee earlier said that she did not need advice from Congress, Alvi stressed the CM could name another building after Islam, who is undoubtedly a great personality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369480", "title": "\u2018Can you give proper security for Indu Mills\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Wednesday asked the state whether it is willing to give proper protection to Indu Mills to ensure that there is no repeat of the December 6, 2011 incident.A division bench of Justices D K Deshmukh and Anoop Mohta was hearing a petition filed by National Textile Corporation Limited (NTC) seeking eviction of protestors, who want the mill land handed over for building a Dr BR Ambedkar memorial.On December 22, 2011, the court had asked the government if it will persuade the squatters to vacate the land or will forcibly evict them. Additional solicitor general Darius Khambata, representing the NTC, told the court that the squatters had vacated the premises and had left behind two statues. \"Possession is restored. They are free to come and take the statues,\" he said, adding that the state must guard the land and ensure there are no similar incidents.Additional government pleader G W Mattos said, \"Adequate police protection would be provided but they will have to keep their own security guards inside the mills,\" Mattos said.Justice Deshmukh said, \"The NTC does not want a similar incident again. You give proper protection to ensure there is no recurrence.\" Mattos asked for time to take written instructions from the government and make a statement on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369674", "title": "State govt effects minor IAS rejig", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government Wednesday effected a minor bureaucratic reshuffle involving eight IAS officers.PV Ramesh, awaiting a posting for the last three months, was appointed principal secretary of finance in place of T Satyanarayana Rao who was named MD of the AP State Finance Corporation. Rao succeeds Vikas Raj.Vikas Raj was given posting as secretary for rural water supply and sanitation in the panchayati raj and rural development department. He replaces Chitra Ramachandran who has been awarded the prized posting of principal secretary of endowments, a position held till recently by KV Ramana Chary.CR Biswal, principal secretary of industries and commerce, was shifted to the panchayati raj department. K Pradeep Chandra was transferred to the AP State Warehousing Corporation as its vice-chairman and managing director. He had been occupying the post of commissioner of inquiries.Former Hyderabad water board chief M Jagadeeshwar, who, too, was awaiting a posting, was named managing director of AP Beverages Corporation in place of M Subramanyam.Subramanyam was moved to the Board of Intermediate Education as secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata/lucknow", "code": "11370224", "title": "Trinamool Congress tests waters in UP &amp; Goa", "text": "KOLKATA/LUCKNOW: The Trinamool Congress is likely to field candidates in four poll-bound states, including UP. While it has firmed its plans in Goa, UP and Manipur, in Punjab it will be finalised in consultation with Rajya Sabha MP K D Singh (elected from Jharkhand but a Chandigarh resident).Days after it inducted former Goa CM Dr Wilfred de Sousa to head its Goa unit, Bhagwan Singh was appointed state convener in UP.Singh said the party with the Rashtriya Parivartan Morcha comprising smaller parties , would contest the coming elections. The Trinamool Manipur unit has named 18 candidates in its first list of nominees for the January 28 polls.In UP, the Morcha would contest all 403 seats, but Trinamool is yet to decide on the number it'd contest. A formal announcement would be made on January 6, Singh said. Mamata Banerjee is likely to address election meetings in Lucknow, Meerut, Agra, Moradabad, Aligarh, Varanasi, Gorakhpur, Kanpur , Allahabad and Sonebhadra , along with the Trinamool top brass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369498", "title": "Man shot dead in Seelampur", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old man was shot dead by unidentified assailants in Seelampur area of northeast Delhi, police said. The deceased, identified as Dinesh, had several cases, including robbery, filed against him, said police. The deceased's neighbour, also sustained bullet injuries during the firing.Police suspect a gang-war to be the motive behind the shootout. The incident took place around 5:15pm on Wednesday when Dinesh was at home. The assailants opened fire at Dinesh. While one of the bullets hit him, a stray bullet also hit his neighbour, Noor Bi, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370564", "title": "Amarchand\u2019s role is still intriguing", "text": "JAIPUR: The role of Amarchand and at whose behest he was acting remains a mystery in the Bhanwari Devi case. The CBI is yet to clarify that on whose instructions the nurse's husband lodged an FIR against former minister Mahipal Maderna.Sources said he was given money by Sohan Lal Bishnoi. However, if that was the case then Amarchand's implication of Maderna comes as a surprise considering Bishnoi was following Malkhan Singh's instructions.Malkhan and Maderna were believed to be hand-in-glove in the conspiracy.Sources in the CBI had claimed that Amarchand was paid Rs 50,000 of the total Rs 10 lakh promised to him. He had to allegedly give misleading statements to the police on Bhanwari's kidnap.Amarchand had lodged a missing complaint on September 1 last year when his wife Bhanwari Devi went missing. However five days later, the missing complaint became a kidnap case. Amarchand insisted that big politicians were behind his wife's disappearance.Later, he approached a court which ordered the police to lodge an FIR against Maderna on September 23.Speculations are doing rounds about the intentions of Amarchand. It is not clear if he was directly acting on the instructions of Malkhan Singh who could be trying to shift the entire blame on Maderna.Amarchand was later arrested by the CBI on December 8. He even attempted to evade CBI questioning a day before his arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374288", "title": "Gangor (Choli Ke Peeche)", "text": "CreditsDirector: Italo Spinelli Cast: Adil Hussian, Priyanka Bose, Seema Rehmani, Samrat Chakrabarti, Tillotama Shome Based on story 'Choli Ke Peeche' by Mahasweta Devi Cinematographer: Marco Onorato Producer: Vinod K Wuthoo, Angello Barbagallo Banner: Nirvana Motion Pictures (India), Bibi Films, Rai Cinema (Italy)SynopsisGangor an Italian Indian co-production directed by Italo Spinelli and based on the short story by Magsasay Award and National Award winning writer Mahasweta Devi , has won the NETPAC JURY AWARD at the 10th THIRD EYE ASIAN FILM FESTIVAL 2011.The film recently won the Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Director and Best Film at the recently concluded 11th New Jersey Independent South Asian Cine Fest organised by the Asian American Film &amp; Theatre Project and the Presitigious LINO BROKA GRAND JURY AWARD at the 13th Cinemanila International Film Festival.Gangor has featured as the first Indo Italian co production to be in Competition at the Rome International film festival and has been invited and shown at Shanghai, Taipei, Jerusalem, Ischia and Salento International Film Festivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11369792", "title": "Goa Board chalks out timetable of SSC exams", "text": "PANAJI: Class X public examinations of the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education will begin on March 30 and end on April 11 this year.Over 15,000 students from 350 government and government-aided schools in the state answer the exams each year.Goa Board has framed the time-table for the exams as per the usual dates followed. On the first two days, students that have opted for technical subjects will answer their papers.The actual exam for all students that have registered for the public exam will begin on April 2 with first language papers. Students will have a Sunday before the first exam to revise their lessons.Class X exams will be conducted across 24 centers all over Goa. Students will be assessed based on marks as well as grades. Results of the exams are usually expected in the last two weeks of May.An all time high pass percentage of 86.5 was recorded at last year's Class X board exams. The Goa Board has attributed this increase to the internal (school) assessment component, which was introduced under the grading system implemented for the first time at the Class X and XII public exams last year.At this year's Class X exam, there will be a one-day break on April 6, a public holiday and April 8, a Sunday, to revise for the rest of their exams. The Class X exam will also end with a language exam as students will answer their second language papers on the final day on April 10. For students that have opted for pre-vocational subjects, the exam will end on April 11.Goa Board has issued a separate timetable for special children, approved by the Board general body last year. The Class X board exams for special children will begin on April 2 and end by April 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370454", "title": "Man posing as CBI official held for bribe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday arrested a 40-year-old man, who was trying to extort money from the complainant by posing as a CBI official. According to the CBI officials, they laid a trap near the sector 22-23 traffic light point and caught the accused, who was identified as Dinesh Kumar, a resident of Kurali in Mohali district, while accepting bribe. Dinesh actually is a senior assistant with Punjab vigilance department.A CBI official said, \"B D Singla, who is a Punjab government employee, had filed a complaint against the accused with the CBI. Dinesh had told Singla that CBI had received a complaint against him and demanded Rs 2 lakh to 'settle the matter.' And on Wednesday he had come to take the first installment of Rs 20,000 from him.\" CBI officials took Dinesh to a police post in Sector 22 after he was arrested. Sources said Dinesh had also duped some other people.In the meantime, a special team was sent to Dinesh's home in Kurali to carry out a raid on Wednesday. \"We have also seized some identity cards, his PAN card and some other documents from Dinesh and we are trying to ascertain their authenticity,\" the CBI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369232", "title": "CISF begins parallel probe in Uri firing case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), whose personnel were allegedly involved in firing at the NHPC power plant in Uri, has initiated an 'independent parallel inquiry' into the incident that saw killing of a Kashmiri boy on Monday.The inquiry, which began under an inspector general (IG)-level officer, will not interfere with the ongoing police probe.Officials here said that though the paramilitary force during its 'inquiry' would look into the details of its fact-finding report which stated that its men opened firing only when a mob attempted to vandalize the premises after ransacking the peripheral security blockades, it would \"fully cooperate\" with the Jammu &amp; Kashmir Police that registered a case and arrested five CISF personnel.CISF director general N R Das, who visited the incident site and spoke to his men and NHPC employees a day after the incident, briefed Union home secretary R K Singh about instituting an inquiry on Wednesday.The ongoing 'inquiry' will also take into account whether the personnel, deployed for guarding the power plant, had adhered to the 'guidelines' on their 'duties and powers' enshrined in the CISF Act. A circular, issued by the force in last September, had stated that \"the CISF personnel should be utilized effectively for protection of installation against mob violence particularly where there is delay in arrival of police\".It had issued certain dos and don'ts for its personnel, stating that \"the CISF is duty bound to protect the property of undertaking under all circumstances\". The incident occurred on Monday when locals were protesting outside the power plant against shortage of electricity in the area.Referring to the paramilitary force's report, sources here said that the mob was stationed near the premises for three hours and police were unable to control it. When the 'agitated' mob attempted to vandalize the premises of NHPC, the CISF personnel had first fired in air and then below the waist in which a boy was killed at Boniyar on Monday.They said that unlike CRPF, the CISF personnel had no 'non-lethal' weapon to deal with the crowd. Though the ministry would provide the force such weapons, the need was not felt earlier because of different nature of duties if its personnel.Officials here, however, said though no one was denying strict action against the CISF personnel, there was a need to clarify on the issue through 'inquiry' whether they would be tried under the local laws or under the CISF Act that has provisions of punishing guilty for such a conduct during discharging duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11369601", "title": "The Flying Carpet takes off", "text": "MAPUSA: The Flying Carpet and other works, an exhibition by artist Subodh Kerkar opened to the public at Kerkar Art Complex, Calangute, on Wednesday. The show will be on view till January 8.The exhibition showcases Subodh's latest works created using tyres. The artist stumbled upon this new medium during a trip to Jaipur last year when by chance he visited a shop selling products created out of old tyres.\"Ever since John Dunlop created the first rubber tyre for his son's bicycle in 1887, the human civilization has moved on tyres,\" says the artist. Kerkar uses tyres as a vehicles to carry his ideas. he has created a six by four feet carpet with skins of tyres. He calls it The Flying Carpet. It is inspired by Aladdin's carpet from the Arabian Nights. He has created a video in collaboration with designer Hema Nagvenkar in which 25 women of different nationalities stare at you dressed as Jasmine! The video will be shown alongside the carpet.The Tortoise is a work which speaks about paradoxes of ideas. A giant tortoise is created with truck tyres. The work dwells on the idea of slow and fast.The Sound Pollution consists of five funnel-shaped speakers covered with tyres. The installation is the artist's response to the menace of traffic sounds.There are 15 works on display at the exhibition including a phallic depiction which the artist calls Shivalingam. Other works include forms which appear like insects and even spacecrafts.\"This is only the beginning of a series of work I intend to create with used tyres. I can call it recycling art or sustainable art. I am in love with the material and believe that it has tremendous potential,\" says Kerkar.The exhibition promises to be a real treat and a good example of recycled art. The works will also be exhibited at the NIV art center in New Delhi from January 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369524", "title": "Double murder: Gaurav called up to check cousins were home", "text": "NEW DELHI: The accused in the Ranjit Nagar double murder case, Gaurav Kumar, has allegedly confessed that the murders were premeditated.The analysis of call records shows that Gaurav had first called up his cousin, Shivani, to confirm her and her brother Vishal's presence in the house.The conversation between the two had lasted for eight seconds during which Gaurav had asked - \"Are you at home? I am coming,\" a police source said.Gaurav had also called up his brother, Sunny, just before the murder to make sure he was not present at the time.While planning the murder, Gaurav came across a man, identified as Ranjit from Bihar, from whom he bought a .32 bore pistol - the weapon used in the crime - for Rs 45,000, police said. Cops are now searching for Ranjit, sources said.Ajay Arora, the father of the victims, told police that he would have readily given the property to Gaurav had he known what was on his mind.According to police sources, Gaurav was unhappy over the allotment of property to the deceased children's mother. Initially, the ground floor of the house was to be given to Gaurav's father. But in March last year, Gaurav's grandfather willed it to Shivani and Vishal's mother, Rajni Arora.\"Since then, Gaurav was carrying this grudge and wanted to take revenge,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11368967", "title": "6 kg charas recovered in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Police on Tuesday recovered 6 kg charas and 550 gm opium from Bithal area of Kumarsain tehsil in Shimla district and two people were arrested in this regard.On Tuesday, cops had laid a naka at Bithal area and while checking a car bearing registration number HP-35-0212 they found the illegal consignment hidden inside. After seizing the charas and opium, a case under NDPS Act was registered at Kumarsain police station.The accused were identified as Partap Chand of Anni village and Dayal Singh of Koltha village in Kullu district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372186", "title": "Dispelling the darkness with grit &amp; courage", "text": "KANPUR: \"I regret I could not pursue higher studies through Braille system of learning. But blind children today have an opportunity to study using Braille. They should become literate and lead a life like other normal people,\" said Uday Narain, a 57-year-old class IV employee of Kanpur Nagar Nigam, on the occasion of birth anniversary of Louis Braille, the inventor of Braille.Born on January 4, 1809, Louis Braille lost his eyesight in an accident when he was a kid. As a student at a school, he created a revolutionary form of communication that transformed the lives of those who could see. Even after two centuries, the Braille system remains an invaluable tool of learning and communication for the blind. Uday Narain and several others like him can make use of this tool to study and make themselves literate.\"When you don't have any other option in life, you've got to find some way to survive,\" said Uday Narain. After his duty hours, he loves playing with kids and socialising with people. He told TOI that he was partially blind during childhood and with the passage of time, he lost his vision completely.But by then he had passed a few classes. He was left with no option but to go for eye transplant. \"Hailing from a poor family, it was impossible for my parents to opt for such costly treatment. This is what forced me to lead a life of a blind,\" added Uday.He said that he got this job of class IV employee in nagar nigam around 25 years back. He has no grudges at not being promoted. He has crafted the art of chair weaving which is the only work allotted to him in the office. He has a complaint that he is overburdened with work. All his fellow workers have either passed away or left the job.Having just a single handicapped female fellow worker, he is forced to do a lot of work which is often beyond his capacity. \"I was not rewarded for my skills. I have heard about a new rule of having a special class of chair weaving in the government offices but no one in the KMC registered my name for the same. I sometimes felt discouraged when people offered me sympathy instead of giving me the right grade in the job,\" added Uday.Saluting his courage and positive attitude, most of the KMC employees can easily be witnessed surrounding him and calling him \"babaji\", or 'Uday dada'. The co-workers said that Uday is the most fun-loving man in the KNN with his prompt answers and rural lingo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11374848", "title": "IIT-Madras campus placements up", "text": "CHENNAI: Less than a month after campus placements began at the Indian Institute of Technology - Madras 63% of the 1,208 students who had registered for placements this year have been offered jobs by visiting companies. The rate of recruitment has looked up since last year.As many as 209 companies have recruited 769 students, including 221 B Tech, 183 from the dual degree, 213 M Tech, 62 MBA, 4 from MA Humanities and Social Sciences, 10 M Sc, 58 MS and 18 Ph D. Last year, 172 companies recruited 627 students in the same period. In 2011, core engineering companies dominated the recruitment, with 115 companies visiting the campus compared to information technology, the second best sector, from which 38 companies recruited students.While six public sector units, including NTPC , HAL, ISRO, Indian Navy and Power Grid, came looking for fresh talent, first timers like Sony Corporation (Japan), Pocket Gems (USA), Infoaxe (USA), EPIC (USA), Honda (Japan), NTT Communications (Japan), Gulf Talent, Social Soft (USA), Hyundai Motors, Paypal , WS Atkins , UoP Honeywell and Commvault were also seen.New entrant Pocket Gems, a mobile gaming developer in the US, picked up three students for the highest pay package of $1,35,000. One of them declined the offer. On an average students were offered between Rs 4 lakh and Rs 15 lakh as salary this year. Hyundai Motors offered other incentives to students who joined them. Students placed with them will be sponsored for a two-year postgraduate program in top management / engineering school in South Korea. On successful completion of this program, they will have the opportunity to work at the company headquarters in South Korea for two years as part of a professional development programme. The candidates will also have an opportunity for a global assignment for two years at any of the company's overseas corporations.IIT-Madras is resuming the placement operations from Thursday with two to three companies visiting the campus in a day. Deputy registrar for training, placement and public relations B. Nagarajan said the placement season could continue up to May, if needed.(ramya.m@timesgroup.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369309", "title": "President complains about poor condition of Gandhi hospital", "text": "HYDERABAD: The pleas and complaints of poor patients regarding the pathetic treatment and facilities at state-run hospitals often go unheard. But will the complaint of the first lady Pratibha Singh Patil be taken into account?The president's chief cook Dhanraj Mani, 55, fell ill on January 1 and went to Gandhi Hospital. He was diagnosed with bilateral pneumonia and was admitted in the Acute Medical Care (AMC) wing of the hospital. But later in the day, the hospital was flooded with critical cases and Mani was shifted to the general ward. He did not get enough attention he was getting in the AMC wing, there was only one nurse taking care of six wards.Meanwhile, Mani complained of breathlessness and was shifted to another ward but dissatisfied, he left the hospital against medical advice at around 1.30 am and got himself admitted at Care Hospital.While poor patients do not have access to the high and mighty, Mani is of course a privileged one. He complained to Patil about the treatment meted out to him at the hospital and how his condition only worsened. An angry Patil lodged a complaint about the matter to governor E S L Narasimhan and that triggered a series of phone calls that resonated across the health department.The governor first called the health minister D L Ravindra Reddy, who in turn called up the health secretary G Sudheer and asked him to inquire into the matter. The health secretary then spoke to director medical education B Vasantha Prasad who in turn called up the hospital superintendent Dr B T Prasad Rao. The superintendent then called up the head, department of general medicine Dr K S Ashok Kumar.Sources at the hospital said that Mani was treated like any other patient in the hospital. \"Because he is president's cook, there is so much noise. But there is nobody to take care of thousands of patients, who are denied proper healthcare every day. There might be many who are dying because of lack of treatment,\" said a senior doctor at Gandhi.Other doctors also said that the biggest problem in the general medicine department of the hospital is that Dr Ashok Kumar does not report for duty for as long as 10 days. They also said that the intensive care unit of general medicine department at Gandhi Hospital is probably the worst in the state.A spokesperson of Care Hospital said that Mani is currently undergoing treatment in the acute medical care unit of the hospital. He said that Mani's admission was done by 'higher officials'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11372409", "title": "One Karbi rebel arrested", "text": "JORHAT: Security forces arrested one Karbi Longri National Liberation Front (KLNLF) militant from Diphu area in Karbi Anglong district on Wednesday morning. Some ammunition was also found on the militant.The arrest came as the district goes to polls to elect the 26 members of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC).Superintendent of Police (Karbi Anglong) Anurag Agarwala said, \"We arrested one KLNLF cadre from Diphu area early on Wednesday. Some ammunition, including 45 bullets of a .22 pistol and 24 bullets of a 7.65 mm pistol, was found on the arrested militant.\" He added the rebel was identified as Jameson Ingleng and he was arrested when he was hiding in the house of another KLNLF leader.\"Acting on a tip-off, a joint team of police and CRPF launched the operation at the house of one KLNLF leader and arrested the militant. However, the leader of the militant group managed to escape under the cover of darkness,\" he said, adding an operation against militants in all parts of the district was underway. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369202", "title": "No time limit for registration of voters, issuing IDs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the Delhi government prepares to bring 30 more services under the purview of the Delhi Right of Citizen to Time Bound Delivery of Services Act 2011 by March, the services provided by the office of the chief electoral officer like enrollment of new voters, issuing of voter ID cards and making changes in the voter lists are not going to figure on this platform for now. While the state had proposed to include voter-related services on a priority basis under the Act much before the legislation was enacted in September last year, the inclusion could not materialize as the matter is under examination by the Election Commission of India (EC).According to sources, the EC is examining the matter under the legal provisions that govern election processes. It is learnt that concerns have been raised by certain quarters that if the services of the office of the chief electoral officer is brought under the purview of the Act in Delhi then a similar framework would have to be made applicable in other states as well since election processes of all states come under the umbrella of the EC. Thus for the time being the Delhi government has decided to put these plans on hold.The Right of Citizen to Time Bound Delivery of Services Act came into effect on September 15 with 32 services which over time increased to 44. Today there are 70 services by various departments that have signed service level agreements to provide services to the public within a certain timeframe. The law makes babus liable to pay a penalty to citizens for any delay in delivering the desired services within the prescribed time limit.On the list of the 30 new services that are likely to be added to the existing list of 70 , one finds much focus on social welfare schemes such as the enrollment of a girl child under the Ladli programme. The government is also exploring the idea of bringing schemes related to providing financial assistance to widows so they can get their daughters married, old age pension schemes and the Janani Suraksha Yojana under time bound service delivery so that the poor are not subjected to delays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11367852", "title": "Taj Mansingh lease ends, NDMC seeks open auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: The future of Hotel Taj Mansingh, a capital landmark, has become uncertain with the expiry of its 33-year lease agreement with the New Delhi Municipal Council in October last year. The hotel is currently functioning on a one-year extension granted by the civic body, which has decided to invite fresh bids for the property.The hotel, operating out of a building and land on Mansingh Road owned by NDMC, is managed by the Tata-owned Indian Hotels Company Limited (IHCL). The civic agency has decided to rope in IDFC, a financial institution, as an advisor to assist it in evaluating the property's cost and get maximum revenue through fresh bidding for the property.IHCL sources said the company would try utmost to retain the property as it is one of the key assets in Taj's portfolio, contributing more than Rs 150 crore to its revenue.NDMC decided to invite open bids following advice to this effect from the Union urban development ministry in August 2011. After the 33-year-long contract with IHCL expired on October 10, 2011, the NDMC council held a special meeting three days later to extend the lease for a year.NDMC officials say this decision was taken since the process of inviting open bids is lengthy. \"We have decided to rope in IDFC as the financial advisor to help us select a partner to operate the hotel. The details will be worked out soon,'' said Archna Arora, chairperson, NDMC.Sources say months before the UD ministry suggestion to invite open bids, the civic agency decided to initiate the process of renewing the contract with IHCL on \"mutually agreed terms\".\"The minimum licence fee for the first 10 years was set at Rs 21 crore and the IHCL was expected to pay 17.25% of its gross turnover annually to NDMC in the first 10 years. For next 10 years, the terms were 18.25% of gross turnover with Rs 25 crore as minimum licence fee. And in the last 10 years, IHC was to pay 19.25% of its gross turnover with Rs 30 crore as minimum licence fee,'' said an NDMC official.At present, NDMC gets 10.5% of the gross receipts (minimum of Rs 20 crore) or 15% of NDMC's investment in the hotel building (it was Rs 6.26 crore), whichever is higher, along with Rs 12 lakh as house tax and a ground rent of Rs 2.29 lakh per annum.Over the years, it is learnt, NDMC has earned Rs 220 crore from the hotel.Sources said NDMC is not bound by the UD ministry's advice on initiating an open bid. \"If the NDMC council decides to renew the contract with IHCL, it can do it. UD ministry's letter is just a suggestion,\" said an NDMC official.If an open bid is invited for Taj Mansingh, sources said, then a similar process would have to be followed for other NDMC properties, especially hotels. There are four other hotels - Bharat Hotel (Lalit), Hotel Connaught, Le Meridien and Metropolitan Hotel - on lease with NDMC gets a share of the gross turnover. .\"When the union urban development ministry had asked them to invite open bid, then why did they extend the lease? The decision was taken in August and NDMC extended the lease in October. They had three months to find an advisor and start the open bid. This is being done to favour one company,'' said Karan Singh Tanwar, BJP MLA and a member of NDMC council, who had protested against the proposal to extend the lease.Sources in the Taj Group said the company was keen to retain the property. \"IHCL has sought an extension of the collaboration agreement and license deed between NDMC and IHCL in respect of the Taj Mahal Hotel on Mansingh Road. IHCL has enjoyed a very cordial and mutually beneficial business association with NDMC over the past three decades. We look forward to continuing this relationship,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11363289", "title": "Katrina Kaif's bloody item song", "text": "Leave the moving and grooving to her. Katrina Kaif knows her job best.And after a sizzling Sheila, bindass Bodyguard and Chikni Chameli, she's only gotten better at it. But fame, as always, comes at a price.zoOm's sources recently revealed that the shooting schedule for her item song for Agneepath was rather demanding and stretched over long hours. So much so, that while shooting for the song, Kat got blisters and her feet started bleeding. Worried about her condition, her staff asked the choreographer to stop the shoot. Packing up for the day would have meant sending Hrithik Roshan and Sanjay Dutt home, too.But Katrina proved to be a thorough professional and insisted that the actors needn't worry about her. She resumed her dance in no time, and completed the shoot as planned. Looks like this Chameli gave it her 100 per cent, no aadha, pahua here!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11371698", "title": "Major fire at IGI airport in Delhi, property worth crores gutted", "text": "NEW DELHI: A major fire broke out in the cargo section of Indira Gandhi International Airport here early on Thursday morning causing damage to property worth crores but no one was injured.The blaze erupted at around 12.45 am at the human resource department of Celebi, the ground handling services company which manages cargo operations at IGI airport, sources said.However, fire fighters received the call at around 1.15 am, police and fire brigade officials said.It took more than four hours and 33 fire tenders to contain the blaze, they said, adding the fire was finally doused at around 6.30 am.The first floor of the cargo building that houses the offices of 10 airlines and the HR department of Celebi, was completely gutted, the officials said.The maintenance staff initially tried to douse the flames with the fire fighting arrangements at the cargo complex but failed to contain the fire, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "11368999", "title": "Voice of Gorakhpur farmers reaches Finland, activist from there visits dharna site", "text": "FATEHABAD: The voice of Gorakhpur farmers has reached far-away Finland, as an environment activist from there has come down from there to support the farmers, who are agitating against the proposed nuclear power plant here.Marko Ulbita, an environment activist of Finland, reached the dharna spot here outside the mini secretariat premises and held discussions with farmers and supported their demand that the nuclear power plant should not be built here.Later, Ulbita said at a press conference, \"The nuclear power plant is really harmful for humans as well as wild life. I have come to know about the nuclear power plant to be set up here and came here to support the farmers' agitation. According to my information, developed countries are closing down their nuclear plants, then why do governments here want to build one here? I have visited Gorakhpur village, which is a fertile agriculture land. No doubt, nuclear power plants can be built in barren lands also, if need be.\"Said Ulbita, \"In Finland also, I am agitating against nuclear power plants. After Fukushima nuclear disaster, countries like Germany, Italy, Sweden and Switzerland have decided to close down nuclear power plants. Even China has changed its mind about plans to build about 22 nuclear power plants there.\"On energy conservation , Ulbita said, \"First, the people should have detailed knowledge about how to save electricity and water. If everyone saves electricity, then it can light up about 20 villages.\"Hans Raj Siwach, president of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, said, \"We are happy that our protest is getting wider by the day. Our demands are still the same -- that we will not let the government acquire a single inch of agriculture land here.\"Farmers of Gorakhpur village in the district are on dharna for the past 508 days against the nuclear power plant, which is to be set up here in 1313 acres of land. Three farmers have already lost their lives during the agitation.BoxThe story so farNuclear Power Corporation of India (NPCIL) finalises plans to set up the state's first 2,800 MW nuclear power plant. It will have four units of 700 MW each.The project will involve investment of Rs 12,000 crore to Rs 14,000 crore over a period of time.The project will be set up over an area of around 1,400 acres and additional 150 acres will be required for residential purposes.Site selected after a high-level land selection committee comprising engineers of NPCIL visits three villages -- Gorakhpur, Kajalhedi and Kumaharia - in early 2010.Site found suitable in terms of availability of land, water and distance from populated areas.According to Haryana Power Generation Corporation (HPGCL), land acquisition officers have started issuing notices to land owners under section-4 of Land Acquisition Act. Land will be in state government's possession soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370957", "title": "Yet again parties promise the moon to Mumbaikars", "text": "MUMBAI: In the run-up to the civic elections, political parties are ready to submit their manifestos-all pledging to transform Mumbai into a dream city full of open spaces free of encroachments, with 24-hour water supply, and pothole-free roads that will not flood thanks to an excellent waste management system and unclogged storm water drains. Jaded Mumbaikars, however, say these manifestos are an exercise in futility as every party is only trying to outdo each other in eloquence and grandiosity.Top on everyone's agendas is to improve Mumbai's infrastructure, with a major thrust on roads, water supply, cleanliness and sanitation. It's no different from the manifestos issued five years ago during the last civic polls. With an eye on the middle-class voter, parties are promising to stem the rise in property tax rates. Better healthcare facilities and extra FSI for the development of koli villages and gaothans are some of the other promises. Most parties are scheduled to publish them with the week. The ruling Shiv Sena-BJP alliance, has added an innovate twist, and is looking to promote Mumbai as a tourist destination. \"Apart from regular infrastructure projects including implementation of long-term projects finalized by the BMC, we are looking at promoting Mumbai as a tourist spot. We need to showcase Mumbai as an attractive city. Plans for creating a textile museum and marine aquarium are already on. They need to be completed in time,\" said standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale.The Congress has decided to focus on civic health and education.\"Over the years, public health and education facilities have deteriorated. Infrastructure in both sectors has crumbled. The need of the hour is to improve these facilities as they are very important and directly affect people,\" said Kripashankar Singh, president of the Mumbai Regional Congress Committee.Of course, parties will devote considerable space in their manifestos to water supply and its equitable distribution. The Sena-BJP manifesto focuses on the need to reduce water leakages in the distribution system, while the Congress is likely to promise the setting up of an independent body to manage distribution.The MNS is likely to project itself as a 'pro-development ' party, and is confident that it will not be judged on past promises. Party spokesperson Nitin Sardesai said, \"We could not have implemented anything as we were far from power in BMC. But we had voiced our opinions about poor civic conditions. The Sena-BJP failed to provide good roads and adequate water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370134", "title": "\u2018Save 100 lives\u2019 to help reduce road mishaps", "text": "PUNE: About 400 people die in roads accidents in the city every year. To help minimize this number by at least '100', The Save Pune Traffic Movement has launched a programme - 'Save 100 Lives'.The Save Pune Traffic Movement (SPTM) is assisted in its endeavour by other social organizations, the civic body and the traffic police. The programme will be implemented though out the year with focus on safety of pedestrians and two-wheeler users. It will also try to implement road safety measures and create public awareness.Founder members of SPTM, Harshad Abhyankar and Rajendra Sidhaye, said that combined efforts of all NGOs, the traffic police and municipal corporations, along with active participation from citizens, will help reduce road accidents and related deaths. \"Concerted and coordinated efforts will help save at least a 100 lives, if not more, this year,\" said Abhyankar.Other activities include analyzing accident data to identify specific improvements needed. \"The SPTM will involve the corporate sector, educational institutes, citizens clubs, individuals, the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited and media in the campaign,\" he added.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre, who was present at the press briefing, said that the traffic branch will play an active role in the initiative. \"There is an urgent need to provide proper road infrastructure for safety and inculcating road discipline in citizens. All roads should have proper signages, zebra crossings, lane markings, road dividers with retro-reflective tapes and pedestrian facilities. These works need to be implemented on a priority.\"Pandhre said a team comprising officials, citizens and NGOs will be created to spread awareness about road safety. The traffic branch will carry out a detailed analysis of accidents and would give its suggestions to the PMC, he added.PMC commissioner Mahesh Pathak, whose message was read out, said the PMC will take active part in the initiative. \"It is necessary that the traffic movement in the city is safe. We will take all possible action on the suggestions given by the traffic branch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370223", "title": "KMC plans to give city a makeover", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite being miserably pressed for cash, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has undertaken a major beautification plan for the city. The blueprint includes installation of decorative lights in large areas of north and central Kolkata, beautification of pavements, beautification of road medians and painting of city's parks and roads.\"In the new year, the KMC conservancy department will install 1,000 new trash bins across the city. These designer bins will be placed in front of major markets, malls, multiplexes and in front of multi-storeyed buildings. This apart, the civic body has set a January 26 deadline for completion of riverfront beautification along a 200 metre stretch on Strand Road,\" said mayor Sovan Chatterjee.On Wednesday, Chatterjee held a meeting with all senior KMC officials and chalked out a comprehensive plan for the city's beautification. Chatterjee said that importance would be given to installation of decorative lights along city's major thoroughfares. This is not the first time that the KMC has planned to decorate Kolkata streets with designer lights.In the first phase, the civic body installed decorative lights along streets such as Harish Mukherjee Road, Rashbehari Avenue, Southern Avenue, Bhowanipore and Sarat Bose Road among others. In the second phase, the KMC will take up Ultadanga Main Road, Beliaghata Main Road, CIT Road (Park Circus), Lenin Sarani, Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road for installation of such decorative lights.The KMC has selected the area around Nandan and Academy of Fine Arts as a special zone for beautification. The civic engineering department will create a special median on Cathedral Road and beautify it with herbs, shrubs and flowers.While the railings at Citizens Park will don a fresh coat of blue and black, the pavement will be beautified with designer tiles, Chatterjee said. Other major city parks will be painted accordingly. The work of painting city's parks has begun with Harish Park on Harish Mukherjee Road.Though beautification in other forms is well accepted, there are few takers for installation of decorative lights among the civic officials. KMC records testify that after the first phase of illumination of streets, a dent has been created in the civic coffer as the electricity bills shot up after such installation of fancy lights.\"With installation of second phase of decorative lights, electricity bills will shoot up by Rs 1 crore every month,\" said a KMC official. \"When there is sufficient street light along the major thoroughfares, what is the need for installation of decorative lights,\" the KMC official asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11369669", "title": "Cops arrest 8 migrant vendors at Arambol", "text": "MAPUSA: Pernem police have arrested eight migrant vendors from Arambol beach for allegedly harassing foreign tourists.Arambol panchayat in a recent gram sabha passed a resolution demanding action against the migrant vendors that haunt foreign tourists. According to Arambol panchayat members tourists visiting the beach have complained that they were being inconvenienced by hawkers. Sarpanch Suchana Gadekar had recently submitted a memorandum to the Pernem police station seeking immediate action against the migrant vendors there.Hawkers selling clothes, jewellery, fruits, etc. disturb foreign tourists besides eating into the business of locals. Citizens as well as local shopkeepers have complained that hawkers loitering on Arambol beach disturb foreign tourists by forcing them to buy their goods. Taking cognizance of the complaints, Pernem police under the supervision of police inspector C L Patil detained eight migrant vendors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373983", "title": "Rima Kallingal's swimming escapade", "text": "Rima Kallingal surprised the cast and crew of her Malayalam film Nidra with her swimming stunt, even though she didn't know how to swim!Rima was told about this scene a year before the shoot by her co-star and director Sidharth Bharathan. \"I didn't learn swimming, but I was mentally preparing myself to jump into the river,\" says the Yuvan Yuvathi girl. But Rima was terrified by the rumours spread by the Chalakudy natives that the river housed crocodiles.The rumours were only confirmed by a few photographs she had seen just before the scene was to be picturised. Rima managed to jump into the river and complete the scene in just one take.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371483", "title": "Siddiqui exposes govt financial management", "text": "PATNA: Leader of Opposition in the Bihar legislative assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui is surprised at the magic power of the state government in financial management. He said that the Nitish Kumar-led government had got approved a Rs 27,365 crore plan size for the current financial year.Ironically, the government had spent a meagre Rs 6,970 crore till September 2011, Siddiqui said and questioned how the government would spend the rest of the money by the last day of the fiscal year.That government was engaged in figure fudging is evident from the fact that transport department spent zero percent till September, but after two months, that is till November, 2011, it spent 63 percent of the plan size, he said.Likewise, the building department could spend only four percent till September, 2011, but in November, 2011, it shot up to 33 percent. Same is the case with the health department which spent only 10.80 percent, but in November, the expenditure went up to 32.35 percent.The case of the commercial and industries department is mind-boggling as not even a single farthing could be spent till November 2011 by these two departments, according to Siddiqui. Similar is the case of several other departments. With these figures the government, which used to make tall claim of not only industrializing the state, but also taking it to developmental pedestal, stands exposed, he said.How the government could spend from zero percent to 63 percent in just two months, he wondered and asked whether the government would indulge in some magical trick to spend huge amounts in a short span of time.Siddiqui said that it is virtually impossible to achieve the plan size unless the government indulges either in March loot or park the money in some corporations, including bridge construction corporations and Rural Development Corporation, to show expenditure otherwise it would have no option than to let the money lapse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11368888", "title": "Haryana ministers not to go, SC stays HC order", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Supreme Court on Wednesday stayed the order of Punjab and Haryana high court which had detached five MLAs from Congress who had joined the party after leaving Haryana Janhit Congress soon after 2009 assembly elections.The order of the apex court has come as respite for two ministers -- health minister Rao Narender Singh and cooperation and housing minister Satpal Sangwan as the high court on December 20 had ruled that the five MLAs (including ministers) shall not hold any office till the decision of disqualification petitions by assembly speaker Kuldeep Sharma. The HC had also asked the speaker to decide the issue by April 30, 2012. When the ministers did not resign, the Haryana Janhit Congress had filed a contempt petition in the high court.After the SC verdict, the Haryana speaker said, \"I will decide it (the case) as soon as possible, but not in haste. Justice hurried is justice buried.\" He said he was hearing 23 petitions, including 14 filed by HJC leader Kuldeep Bishnoi and Indian National Lok Dal leaders against five HJC MLAs and nine filed by INLD against seven independent MLAs.\"When the high court itself gave judgment after five months, it is difficult to understand as to how the proceedings before the speaker (which is virtually a trial - involving examination and cross examination of witnesses, proof of documents and giving all the interested parties an opportunity of hearing) has been ordered to be disposed of in four months,\" said the speaker in his special leave petition filed in the SC on January 2.In his SLP, the speaker raised the issue whether the high court has the jurisdiction to issue any direction to the speaker of a state legislative assembly in respect to a pending petition relating to disqualification of a member of the assembly quoting an order of apex court which had \"categorically declared that the High Court has no such power\".The speaker has also raised the issue, whether one constitutional authority (the high court) can issue mandatory directions to another constitutional authority (the speaker of a state assembly), for disposing the disqualification petitions within a specified time, as if the later authority were a subordinate to the HC? \"One could understand a polite request being made, but not an order dictating how the speaker should exercise his quasi-judicial powers,\" the speaker said in the SLP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11370723", "title": "Naqvi fails to explain Kushwaha\u2019s induction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite the outrage, the BJP brazenly defended Kushwaha's entry into the party along with Badshah Singh - another ex-BSP leader sacked in a land allotment case - by fielding party MP Mukhtar Naqvi who indulged in political rabble rousing while addressing the media, attacked Rahul Gandhi in totally unrelated matters, but failed to explain why BJP has inducted a tainted leader.He, however, added that all those who join the party will not necessarily be given the party ticket in the polls. The unease in the BJP was apparent with senior leaders like Sushma Swaraj , M M Joshi and Advani questioning the decision at the meeting of the party's central election committee. BJP president Nitin Gadkari is believed to have justified the decision on the ground that Kushwaha was not facing a \"serious\" charge like murder and that the corruption cases against him are yet to be proven.This left its NDA partner JD(U) unconvinced as its Sharad Yadav said Kushwaha should not have admitted into the BJP. By evening, even BJP leaders were privately admitting that the party will be in an untenable position if CBI pursues the case against the former BSP leader and arrests him. The BJP brass hopes media scrutiny will die down in a few days. As of now, the top leaders were refusing to comment. The Congress waded into the BJP's decision to induct Kushwaha saying that it exposed the saffron party's \"opportunistic politics.\" Senior party leader Ambika Soni said BJP had become the \"biggest advocate\" of a man accused of embezzling hundreds of crores. Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi wondered whether Kushwaha's induction was the end result of BJP veteran L K Advani's anti-corruption yatra.A cornered BJP tried scattering the blame, demanding why action for alleged corruption was not being taken against Delhi CM Shiela Diskshit and home minister P Chidambaram, apart from making pretty wild attacks against Rahul Gandhi, in a bid to avoid addressing charges against Kushwaha. The effort invited only derision. The comparisons were hardly apt, BJP leaders later admitted privately. Although some BJP seniors are learnt to have questioned Gadkari on Kushwaha's induction, none of them came on record to speak up against it. The party's calculation is that an estimated 9% Kushwaha vote in UP could turn towards it as this section of OBCs view Mayawati's decision to get rid of Babu Singh from BSP as a \"humiliation.\"BJP leaders claimed that Kushwaha won't be given a party post or a party ticket but would \"campaign against Mayawati.\" Kushwaha, along with other OBC leaders in BJP ranks like Uma Bharati and Santosh Gangwar, is expected to target the Congress for announcing a 4.5% sub-quota for Muslims in the OBC category by fanning resentment over a consequent reduction in the reservations available to backwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373019", "title": "Samsung unveils Galaxy Ace Plus", "text": "Korean giant Samsung has refreshed its Galaxy Plus smartphone with the unveiling of Galaxy Ace Plus.Sporting a 3.65-inch HVGA display with a 480 x 320 pixel resolution, Galaxy Ace Plus will come with a 5 megapixel camera with an LED flash. Other features include Wi-Fi 802.11 connectivity, Bluetooth 3.0, HSDPA 7.2 Mbps and Samsung's range of apps and services.Powered by 1 GHz processor, Galaxy Ace Plus will come with Android Gingerbread, 512MB of RAM, 3GB storage which can be expanded up to 32GB using MicroSD card.Other key features include, Samsung's TouchWiz interface and ThinkFree which will let users edit word and excel documents while on the move.For social networking, the phone will offer services like Social Hub, Music Hub and ChatON. According to reports, the phone is set to arrive in Russia this month, followed by Europe, CIS, Latin America, Asia , Africa and the Middle East.The phone is expected to make its India debut by the end of March and is likely to be priced around Rs 15,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370244", "title": "Forest staff found negligent in poaching case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The large heap of feathers and beaks of lesser flamingos killed in a poaching incident has finally drawn the attention it deserves. Forest department officials have sought an explanation from the field staff, which is the incharge of Venasar village in Maliya-Miyana taluka where 64 lesser flamingos were killed. The department has demanded why they were absent from the area and how the heap went unnoticed.A senior forest department official said the staff is required to visit the area once in two days and they would have noticed it if they performed their duty. He said as per the information available, the heap was first photographed in the last week of December and since then it has gone unnoticed by the field staff.The officials said the spot where the incident took place was far away from the village and it enabled the poachers to execute their plans easily.Officials said they have also increased surveillance in the area and suspect that people from nearby villages could be involved. They added that surveillance in these villages has been intensified. They did not rule out the possibility of such poaching incidents occurring at regular intervals whenever a festive season is around the corner.The officials have also alerted their informers in the villages to obtain details of those involved in flamingo poaching. \"There are some disgruntled elements in every village and they would definitely come forward and inform the forest department. If a local person can lead a team of outsiders to the area then they would definitely help the local forest people,\" he said.Principal secretary S K Nanda said that the forest staff is definitely negligent in this case and the department is contemplating action against the staff in whose jurisdiction the village came under.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369310", "title": "India in fray to create elusive HIV vaccine", "text": "NEW DELHI: Could an antibody from the blood of an Indian HIV patient help create the elusive HIV vaccine? (Antibody is an infection-fighting protein produced by our immune system when it detects harmful substances).The hunt has begun to identify 100 volunteers belonging to a rare group of HIV infected patients who stay healthy for years without requiring life-saving antiretroviral treatment (ART). These antibodies in their blood are the ones that bars HIV from entering their blood cells and replicating, thereby progressing to AIDS.Scientists say these antibodies would ultimately reveal the Achilles heel of the virus and help create the elusive vaccine. This is part of International Aids Vaccine Initiative's (IAVI) programme called Protocol G, a global hunt for such antibodies launched in 2006.So far, blood samples of 1,800 such HIV patients have been screened across 12 countries and 19 broadly neutralizing antibody (bNAbs) have been identified. A bNAb is an antibody capable of stopping a variety of HIV subtypes from infecting their target cells.\"Only a minority of people who are infected with HIV produce bNAbs. Although HIV is a wildly mutable virus, certain parts of it are relatively resistant to change. These parts are essential to the virus's ability to infect, and they are the elements of HIV that bNAbs target,\" experts said.Just a few weeks ago, department of biotechnology (DBT) cleared the proposal to roll out Protocol G in the country. It is being implemented by IAVI and YRG Care from Chennai - the same organization that isolated the first HIV case in India in 1986.The blood samples collected from the 100 volunteers will be tested at Translational Health Sciences and Technology Institute (THSTI), which is being built in Gurgaon.IAVI's India chief Dr Rajat Goyal told TOI that \"This is a landmark project for India. We are presently identifying volunteers, who are at least 18 years, infected with HIV at least three years ago but has not received ART. By April, samples will be picked up and tested against a standard panel of HIV isolates by the end of 2012. We will then know whether there is a population of interest from whom these bNAb can be identified and characterized.\"Careful study of bNAbs is expected to reveal vulnerabilities of the different types of HIV. Most importantly, scientists expect that they can use information about how bNAbs bind to HIV to construct immunogens - the active ingredients of vaccines - that elicit similar antibodies. The more such antibodies researchers have in hand, the more clues they can get about how best to target HIV with a vaccine.The project has tested HIV patients in Thailand , the UK , the US, Nigeria, South Africa , Rwanda , Uganda , Kenya , Australia and Zambia to identify bNAbs.HIV infects 7,100 people daily. The quest to develop an AIDS vaccine has consumed scientists for 25 years since the discovery of HIV. Scientists say HIV is the most mutable virus ever encountered. A number of different subtypes of the virus, known as clades, circulate in different regions of the world. Within those clades there is considerable variability, and, beyond that, the virus mutates furiously within the people it has infected.Second, because no one is known to have cleared an HIV infection, scientists do not know which elements of the immune response must be engaged to control the virus - and thus are uncertain how to replicate such responses.The immune system has a very narrow window of opportunity in which to neutralize HIV before the virus establishes a lifelong infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11375959", "title": "Not thought of approaching courts yet: Army chief on age row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dismissing reports of rift with the defence ministry on the age row, Army Chief General V K Singh has said he has not thought of approaching the courts yet on the issue.He said the issue over his date of birth has not affected the functioning or decision-making in the Service as it was only \"concerning him and not the rest of the army\".The defence ministry had rejected his statutory complaint to change his date of birth from May 10, 1950 to May 10, 1951-- a step which would have given him an extra ten months in office.\"There is no controversy or fight between me and the defence ministry. There are perceptional differences and that is a totally personal issue.... There is no rift between me and the ministry. We are as cordial as we have ever been. I have not personally seen any rift,\" he said.Gen Singh told this to journalists when asked if there was any rift or differences between the army and the defence ministry over his age issue.Asked if he would take legal recourse and approach the courts, the Army Chief said, \"the thought has not occurred to me yet.\"Media reports have suggested that the army chief was contemplating moving the courts to get redressal on the age issue.On whether he was raising the issue of date of birth for his honour and integrity, Gen Singh said, \"Integrity is an issue which I have flagged and it is totally a personal issue and that is where it ends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11367900", "title": "Spect-CT scan can help detect cancers early", "text": "NAGPUR: Rainbow Medinova Diagnostic Services has added a state-of-the-art diagnostic facility-the single photon emission computerized tomography or Spect-CT scan-that can pick up abnormal changes in any organ of the body and thus diagnose disease like cancer much earlier than other scans. Termed as functional or cellular imaging in medical terms, this upgraded CT scan compared to conventional (structural) imaging can additionally detect the changes in functioning of an organ at very early stage using hybrid imaging technology.The new nuclear medicine machine has an improved version of a gamma camera that costs Rs 1 crore. It will benefit cancer, heart, brain, kidney and thyroid patients specifically.\"The new machine has an added advantage that it can superimpose images obtained by CT scan and MRI over Spect scan using a special software. Since it is a nuclear medicine tool, patient is injected with some isotopes in negligible quantities that can pick up the cancerous changes in bones or any organ extremely accurately,\" said Dr Kausik Chatterjee, nuclear medicine expert at Medinova. He, however, admitted that the nuclear scan alone has its limitations as it could not detect structural defect in organs.Dr Rajeev Dhakne, managing director of Medinova, claimed it was the first and only lab in city with such a facility. \"The new equipment actually uses a combination of images obtained through nuclear imaging, CT scan and MRI. Nuclear images depend on the metabolic activity within any organ. Cancerous area has exaggerated metabolic activity as cancerous cells grow very fast. This activity is picked up by nuclear image while change in structure in organ is picked by other imaging methods,\" he said.The Spect scan is an extremely handy tool also for detecting cardiac or heart problems. \"The new imaging provides information about the actual blood flow in heart muscle, pump function and create hybrid images fusing the perfusion and CT angiography images. It can also conduct a fast renal scan and give picture of functioning of the kidney,\" said Dr Shekhar Bhagwat, medical director of the services. Except for the heart scan which could cost about Rs 10,000, tests on organs like thyroid, kidney, cancer etc would cost about Rs 4000.Spect-acular advantage* Based on real time imaging* More accurate and early diagnosis due to use of combination of nuclear, CT and MRI technologies* Wider application spectrum* Chances of false positive minimized* Patients with pacemakers too can be put on scan* No risk of allergic reaction due to use of isotopes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11374247", "title": "\u2018Rising noise pollution a concern\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Vice-President Mohammad Hamid Ansari on Wednesday expressed concern over the rising noise levels and termed it as a menace for the society. He was speaking after inaugurating the 64th annual conference of Association of Otolaryngologists (ENT) of India (AOI) at MLN Medical College.Ansari said recreational noise, specially by using gadgets like I-Pod, is cause of worry. He urged the ENT surgeons to rise to the occasion and help the needy patients.The ENT conference, jointly organised by Allahabad city branch in collaboration with UP state branch of AOI, is being attended by several prominent surgeons in the field of ear, nose, throat and head and neck cancers, both from India and abroad. The conference will conclude on January 7.Praising the contribution of ENT surgeons, the Vice-President said their role is significant as they cure the people suffering from disorders in sensory organs. Showing his concern over the rising cases of deafness and cancer, especially oral cancer, Ansari said it affect 6 to 7 per cent of population worldwide out of which two-third cases are from the developing countries.In India, the Vice-President said 67 million people suffer with hearing loss, out of whom 50% can be treated and 80% can be rehabilitated because of which the role of ENT surgeons becomes more vital. He stressed the need of not only curing the problem but also preventing the same.Speaking about the ill affects of oral cancer caused by tobacco consumption, Ansari said the world is facing what is known as tobacco epidemic as around 1 billion people are suffering from it and added that it is the only legally sold consumer product which is harmful to a consumer. He said doctors, besides treating oral cancer patients, should also make them aware that it can be prevented. He appealed to the experts to develop oral cancer detecting tools to catch the disease in early stage.Organising secretary of the conference, Prof Mangal Singh, expressed concern over the lack of infrastructure and support for research and treatment for patients suffering with ENT problems. He appealed to the policy makers, both at the state and Centre, to provide subsidy in the treatment of ear, neck or throat ailments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11368990", "title": "Civic elections: 125 criminals face action", "text": "AMRAVATI: Police have identified 125 criminals and decided to take prohibitory action against them in view of the civic elections to be held in February. Interestingly, some of the criminals have been associated with political parties.The police have identified 125 criminals who are facing charges like attempt to murder and rioting. Past records were used to prepare the list of criminals against whom prohibitory action would be taken.Police commissioner Amitesh Kumar said that the department has made lists of criminals and would take preventive action against them in view of elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11372402", "title": "Meghalaya to have more JNNURM buses", "text": "SHILLONG: After the successful launch of buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewable Mission (JNNURM) in its first phase, the Meghalaya government is looking forward to launch the second lot of buses shortly. \"The second phase will be launched shortly,\" said transport minister A T Mondol.The Central government has sanctioned 120 buses for the state under the JNNURM and 40 buses have already been commissioned under its first phase.The buses under the JNNURM came as a relief to thousands of commuters, who were tired of the expensive taxi rides and its arrogant drivers. The buses have since earned the envy of taxi drivers as the maroon vehicles are increasingly being preferred over the yellow-black taxis by commuters in the Pine City.However, in spite of being very receptive to the commuters, the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) has received complaints regarding the ticketing aspect of the buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369753", "title": "DC cracks whip on unsafe cinema", "text": "GURGAON: Taking note of several major violations including lack of fire-fighting equipment, CCTV cameras, leaking ceilings and inadequate parking, among others, the district administration has come down heavily on Payal Cinema hall near Atul Kataria Chowk in Sector 14, adjacent to the HUDA building.Gurgaon deputy commissioner P C Meena has written to police commissioner K K Sindhu, asking him to seek an explanation from the area SHO for failing to take action against the movie hall owners.Even earlier, the district officials had sought the closure of the cinema hall. The responsibility for taking such an action lies with the area SHO who allegedly did nothing. The movie hall continued operating in a poor shape, with damaged false ceiling, broken seats, dysfunctional toilets and air-cooling system, and improper earthing of generator sets, among others.\"The temporary licence for operations is issued for six months after which a movie hall owner has to apply for renewal. This procedure automatically acts as a check on the facilities available at the cinema hall and its adherence to the statutory norms, before the temporary licence is renewed,\" said Meena.\"We have written to the city police and asked it to lodge an FIR and take appropriate action against the owners of Payal Cinema if they refuse to comply with the directions,\" added Meena.The owners can re-apply for an operation licence once they rectify the existing defects. The administration's move comes after Raj Cinema hall on Old Delhi Road, near Sector 14, was shut in September last year owing to non-adherence of safety norms and necessary NOCs. The hall has been dysfunctional ever since.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11363033", "title": "Jism 2 's poster revealed", "text": "She may not be ready to give out her leading lady's name yet, but Pooja Bhatt is certainly not shying away from letting her audience know what \"Jism 2\" will be all about. And that's what the first look of the movie screams.While speculation is rife that Indian-origin pornstar Sunny Leone may be starring in the flick, Pooja says there's still time for her to be giving away that secret.Pooja told us, \"I ain't letting my secret out. There's quite a bit of speculation about Sunny Leone and Bipasha being part of the film, but I haven't finalised the name yet. Hopefully, we'll be able to make an official announcement soon. But we had a positive meeting with Sunny.\" And as far as the poster goes, Pooja says that since there was so much speculation, they decided to put a little teaser in place. \"However, we must not forget that \"Jism\" doesn't really depend on the face. It's a brand name that works. It is sensual as opposed to \"Murder\", which was sexual,\" she says.As for the male lead, Pooja says that there is not one, but two male actors she needs, but Rahul Bhatt is not one of them. \"I've also heard the story, but Rahul was never supposed to be part of this. There are two leading men with the lady, but since she's the most important, we want to finalise her name first.\" Pooja adds that she wants to start the movie in the \"sizzling summer\" of this year so that they can hot up next winter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370875", "title": "Failing to start construction, builder told to refund Rs 13.5L", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Failing to start the construction of the flats in time proved dear for a Mohali-based construction company as Chandigarh's consumer disputes redressal forum has directed it to refund over Rs 13.5 lakh to three complainants along with fine.According to the complaint, three persons had deposited over Rs 13.5 lakh with the nectar co-operative house building society and booked three flats. All the complainants were residents of Dharamsala town in Himachal Pradesh.\"Rajiv Sethi had paid Rs 3.54 lakh, Devi Chand Chauhan paid Rs 5.11 lakh and Inderaswar Agnihotri paid Rs 5.11 lakh for booking flats in the housing society that were coming up in Mohali. They had submitted this amount in installments and had paid the first installment in December 2006,\" said one of the complainant's lawyers.\"At the time of booking, it was promised that the company would start the construction within couple of months after obtaining the requisite permissions from the authorities and getting the sale deed registered in favour of the society. However, even after long wait construction work was not initiated by the company,\" he added.Thereafter, the complainants made number of visits and in January 2011 requesting the opposition party to refund their amount, with interest, or give the possession of flats. But the company did not respond and the complainants approached the consumer forum.In its reply, the company's lawyer said the society went into liquidation and a liquidator took over all the assets and properties of the society. It was claimed that liquidator was in control of all the affairs of the society and would settle the claims of the members. Thus, the forum did not have any jurisdiction to entertain the present complaint.After listening to arguments, the forum directed Nectar Co-Operative House Building Society to refund the amount along with interest from the respective date of its deposit till realization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370102", "title": "Now, book rail tickets through cellphone", "text": "PUNE: Now, raliway users can book their journey tickets through mobile phones. Ministry of railway's undertaking Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has introduced this service. The IRCTC has said that after an initial registration and downloading of suitable software on a mobile handset with internet facility, users would be able to book their tickets through the same.A statement issued by the IRCTC said that the service is based on the web-services model in order to enable mobile phone users to access the web-based rail ticket reservation and enquiry services similar to www.irctc.co.in. The passenger who wishes to avail the service has to download the application software on the handset.The application can be downloaded from the IRCTC website and also from various associates of IRCTC viz, NGPAY, ATOM and Paymate. A passenger has to register at the time of first transaction and thereafter book the ticket using his ID and password. The application is functional on most of the GPRS/browser-based phones, the statement said.After booking a ticket through, the passenger will receive a message with full details of the ticket including PNR, train number, date of journey, class etc. This virtual message would be treated at par with the print-out of the e-ticket which is used at present. Hence, passengers would not have to take print out, instead they have to show the ticket on the mobile phone.The passenger is charged ticket fare, IRCTC service charge and agent service charge (Rs10 and Rs 20 as per class of tickets) and applicable payment gateway charges. The IRCTC has said it is likely launch its mobile application shortly and the software can be downloadable from www.irctc.co.in. More than a thousand users are presently availing the online facility everyday.Hemant Tapale, the executive president of Pune-Mumbai Pravasi Sangh said the service would help passengers as they would not have to stand in queues for booking. Also, passengers going for last minute booking will benefit the most.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371448", "title": "Ex-VC arrested on assault charge", "text": "PATNA: A former Vice Chancellor Satya Narayan Sinha was arrested on Wednesday in a case of physical assault lodged against him with the Karai Parsurai police station in Nalanda district. A Nalanda court had issued a warrant of arrest against him.City SP (East) Kim said, \"Though news are pouring in that the arrested man is a former VC, we are still verifying it.\"Asked whether the arrested person was also an ex-principal of Bihar College of Engineering, the SP said nothing could be said with certainty as it was not clear yet.One arrested in kidnapping case: One Sunil Kumar was arrested from Barh on Wednesday in connection with kidnapping of an intermediate student, Saurabh Kumar (16), from Patna. Saurabh went missing from his Gardanibagh residence on November 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11373024", "title": "No extra central force for rural polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Notwithstanding the threat from Maoists, Odisha would not get any additional central force for the panchayat polls in February. Instead, the state would have to send five companies of its policemen for elections in five states, including Uttar Pradesh, official sources said on Wednesday.\"Not only has the Centre refused to give us additional force, but asked us to contribute five companies of India Reserve Battalion (IRB) for polls in other states,\" director general of police Manmohan Praharaj told TOI.This has come as a setback for Odisha police as it prepares to defuse the Maoist challenge during the rural elections from February 11 to 19.Official sources said the state government initially wanted more central force for the forthcoming polls, but the Union government turned down the request and pressed for 15 companies (around 1500 men or nearly three battalions) from IRB, for which the Centre gives grants. The Centre scaled down its demand to five companies following repeated pleas from the state in view of the heightened security perception in certain areas due to the Red rebels, sources disclosed. There are six IRB battalions, including two in the recruitment stage, in Odisha.\"We have to manage with whatever manpower, including central paramilitary forces, we have at present,\" a senior cop said. Eight battalions of CRPF, five battalions of BSF and one battalion of Cobra are currently doing duty in the state. The DGP said, \"We will do the best arrangements possible under the circumstances. If required, we will use helicopters in Maoist areas.\"The State Election Commission, meanwhile, reviewed the poll preparedness at a meeting with district collectors and superintendents of police and laid stress on proper identification of sensitive and hyper-sensitive booths for the staggered polls. State election commissioner Ajit Tripathy emphasized on effective implementation of the model code of conduct, which puts restrictions on the government, political parties and candidates, during the polling process, sources said. Tripathy also advised the district officers to put in place a master plan for their districts to ensure the polls are held in a free, fair and peaceful manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11368844", "title": "Man who killed sister-in-law surrenders", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 33-year-old man, who murdered his sister-in-law two weeks ago for refusing to marry him, surrendered before police on Wednesday. Hakeem Abdul Raheem, a resident of Urulikkal Estate in Valparai, confessed his crime first before a village administrative officer and then before the police. He has been remanded in judicial custody. The incident occurred at Kallar in Valparai.On December 22 last year, 22-year-old Aabitha Beevi was found murdered inside a Casuarina forest near Kallar Estate in Valparai. She was the daughter of M Muhammed, a taxi driver. The body was recovered in the forest area by plantation workers and her cell phone was lying near the body. She was hacked to death and the body was found in a pool of blood. After Aabitha's mother Fathima, a permanent worker at the Kallar Estate, identified the body, police brought a sniffer dog from Coimbatore to the scene. But the dog failed to provide any vital clue about the murderer.As per the confession of Hakeem, he was infactuated with Aabitha ever since he got married to her elder sister Sure Beevi. Though he tried to convince Aabitha for a long time, she refused his marriage proposal.In his confession, Hakeem said that he had gone to Aabitha's house when she was alone. He had asked her to accompany him to fetch firewood. He had carried a sickle, which he had hidden inside his shirt. When they reached a spot where there was no one around, Hakeem murdered with the sickle. Hakeem was angered over Aabitha's engagement. Her marriage was fixed to take place in February 2012. Aabitha was the youngest of three daughters born to Mohammed and Fathima.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373134", "title": "Sir Paul McCartney named Artist of the Year", "text": "Sir Paul McCartney has been named Artist of the Year at the inaugural Ultimate Classic Rock Awards.The 69-year-old musician beat off strong competition from Motley Crue's Nikki Sixx , Chickenfoot's Sammy Hagar and Alice Cooper to take home the honour with 34 per cent of the vote in the poll.A statement on ultimateclassicrock.com said: \"The 69-year-old McCartney had his (meat-free) plate full for all of 2011. Whether it was releasing re-issues of his two truest solo efforts, 'McCartney' and 'McCartney II,' collaborating with the New York City Ballet , producing a film marking the 10-year anniversary of 9/11 or embarking on his huge 'On the Run' tour, he pretty much did it all. Congratulations, Paul!\"AC/DC were the big winners with wins in three categories including Best Reissue or Archival Release, Best DVD and Best Commercial while Chickenfoot received two gongs, Album of the Year for 'Ill' and Song of the Year for 'Big Foot'.Slash took home the Best Live Album gong, with his former band Guns 'N Roses voted Tour of the Year and Ozzy Osbourne won Best Box Set.230,000 votes were cast in the 2011 Ultimate Classic Rock Awards.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369771", "title": "City police tighten the noose around booze shops, Ahatas", "text": "GURGAON: The city police seem to have woken up after the mayhem on MG Road on December 31 night and have launched a crackdown on sale of alcohol beyond the closing time.On Tuesday night a team of policemen arrested three salesmen of a wine shop, who were selling liquor around 3am. The police team also arrested four Nepalis who were spotted serving liquor in an 'Ahata' (open drinking joint) near Bristol Chowk.Senior police officers said that they would take action against those involved or engaged in all illegal activities at night. They added that a team of DLF police raided the liquor shop near Bristol Chowk around 3am when they found salesmen were busy selling liquor bottles without any fear.When police raided the shop, the manager managed to flee from there. The three arrested salesmen have been identified as Sonu, Fateh Singh and Radheshyam. Police produced them in a city court on Wednesday and the accused managed to get bail from the court.In another incident, a separate team of city policemen arrested four natives of Nepal working at a drinking joint near Grand Mall on MG Road. A senior officer said that the accused were serving liquor to customers around 3am.They have been identified as Ram Bahdur, Tej Bahdur, P Thapa and Krishana. They were also produced in a city court on Wednesday and were granted bail. The top cops had earlier announced to crack down on the sale and serving of liquor in all pubs which operate beyond the deadline and had even said that all such niaght out joints be closed by midnight.However, this has not gone down well with people and several still feel that the police should ensure nothing wrong or illegal happens by taking preventive steps and by deploying adequate number of cops. Many residents also say that Gurgaon police are short staffed, mainly compared to their counterpaprts in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11374592", "title": "State farm growth comes in for praise", "text": "BHOPAL: NABARD chief general manager S Akbar on Wednesday said 8% agriculture growth in the last fiscal in Madhya Pradesh is an encouraging development given that 70% people are dependent on agriculture in the state.\"This financial year, the state government wants to rev up agriculture growth to 10%,\" Akbar said at a seminar on agriculture finance organised by the Bank of India in the city. The city should maintain the growth pace to scale new heights in agriculture production, he said.Underlining the need of investment credit in agriculture, he said, adding there is a lot of scope for it, he said. Akbar said there was a space to improve cattle milk production, poultry, horticulture and seed production for increasing income of rural populace.\"Increased investment credit can be put to improve post harvest infrastructure,\" he said, adding 40% agriculture produce get destroyed for want of preservation in the country.In his address, RBI regional director PK Panda said the state was the heart of India, adding that efforts are needed to turn it into the heart of agriculture.In their address, state rural development principal secretary Aruna Sharma and horticulture principal secretary MM Upadhyay said the state government was working hard to turn agriculture farming into a profitable business. They praised the BOI endeavours to increase investment credit flow in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11369611", "title": "Two Margao-based agency job 'racketeers' arrested in Delhi", "text": "MARGAO: Two employees of a Margao-based recruitment agency were arrested in Delhi on Wednesday by a Margao police team in connection with a case of cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property that was registered against them on December 29. Last week, a case under Section 420 of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC) was registered against Rajesh Kumar and Arun Sharma for cheating people of 27 lakh.Kumar and Sharma, whose office has its headquarters in Delhi, have been accused of duping over a 100 people by allegedly taking money from them and promising them jobs in Singapore and other countries.The alleged victims, mostly youngsters, approached the police recently and were advised to file a complaint. Several victims who had gathered at the police station said they had even met the accused and had demanded their money back as they had not been employed as promised.Police sources stated that they first conducted a search operation in Goa for the two accused and then sent a team to Delhi after getting sufficient leads about their whereabouts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11369810", "title": "BJP-MGP talks will end on positive note: Parsekar", "text": "PANAJI: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Laximikant Parsekar has said that BJP-Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) alliance talks are under way on a positive note and people of the state want the alliance to throw the Congress government out.Parsekar told mediapersons, \"We have decided to honour the sentiments of the people and BJP is moving in the direction of forming an alliance with the MGP.\"He also said that they are hopeful that talks will come to a fruitful conclusion. \"The alliance will help BJP come to power smoothly.\"He also said that leaders of both the parties should refrain from making statements in the media on constituency claims while talks are on.TOI had reported earlier that BJP-MGP is in the final stage o finalizing its alliance.Parsekar said that a 15-member state election committee has been constituted to continuously hold meetings in the coming days to recommend names for the election. After the committee shortlists names it will be sent to Delhi for clearance from the central election committee.\"Central election committee should finalized the names of candidates by the end of this month or first week of February. Once I receive the list I will announced the candidates names.\" he addedParsekar also strongly objected to the news appearing that BJP has finalized the candidates in few constituencies, \"BJP has doubt conspiracy behind starting misinformation campaigning, calculated and planned campaign against BJP\"He also said that certain elements are disparately trying to create confusion among the BJP workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370955", "title": "Govt will keep tab on health of moms-to-be", "text": "CHENNAI: The state health department is all set to introduce a database for pregnant women in urban areas to bring down maternal mortality rate (MMR).The system called Pregnancy Infant COHORT Monitoring Evaluation (PICME) generates aunique number for every pregnant woman visiting any government hospital and follows up on her health till delivery. Using the PICME number, nurses visit each pregnant woman five times. The number also acts as an identification code for the woman, whose health history and status will be accessible to all government hospitals.Health workers will monitor blood pressure, weight, hemoglobin levels and growth of the fetus. They will also test for gestational diabetes and high blood sugar level. The system has been in place for two years in rural areas , but it failed to gain momentum due to flaws in implementation . A senior health department official said the project will be launched in urban areas in three weeks.State health secretary Dr Girija Vaidyanathan said registered pregnant women will automatically become beneficiaries of the Muthulakshmi Reddy Maternity Benefit Scheme, for which the government recently hiked the allowance per head from Rs 6,000 to Rs12,000. \"All public health centres in the state will have facilities to register with PICME. Women should register to make sure that their health is monitored from the fourth month,\" she said.With this, the government expects to revive the rural leg of the project. \"Once the patient is registered with PICME, village nurses will visit and take her health status data at least five times before delivery. This ensures safe deliveries and identification of women with risks. Iron tablets and other medication will be supplied through health workers in local PHCs,\" said a senior official. Gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension have been found to cause complications.This helps the women to get treatment from any government hospital in the state as their case sheets will be shared online. \"PICME would help doctors refer patients to the right hospital,\" said the official. Health workers in urban areas are now being trained to use the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369184", "title": "Citizens interested in services, not the provider", "text": "NAGPUR: Most people feel that private players are offering at par or better service but some say that things have changed for the worse. City bus service, water supply and power distribution are some of the major services that were privatized in the recent past.Social activist Rajiv Jagtap said that privatization of civic amenities is not acceptable. At first, the NMC had privatized the city bus service and the experience was very poor, pointed out Jagtap. Despite this, the civic body privatized water supply.Rahul Bhalerao, a resident of Pension Nagar, said that the city bus service has undoubtedly turned out to be a boon for over two lakh commuters of the city. \"However, poor condition of Starbuses is putting them to great inconvenience,\" he said.The rear windshield, which is also an emergency exit, of many vehicles has been badly damaged. In some buses, it is just not there. This leaves the passengers exposed to strong winds, dust and rains during monsoon. The Starbus staff has been receiving a number of complaints regarding badly maintained vehicles but in vain.The privatization of electric is also not good. The fiasco of the 24X7 water supply project and alleged corruption in city bus operation are examples of the dangers of Public-Private Partnerships (PPP) in such large projects with city's interests at stake, said Jagtap.Manoj Satpute said various bodies including social organizations, trade unions, opposition leaders have been protesting against privatization of water works and execution of 24X7 water supply project on PPP model for more than one-and-a-half years. There were demands to hold public hearing on the decision as water works will go in private hands for next 25 years. Despite so much hue and cry, the NMC has done nothing, wondered Satpute.Endorsing Satpute and Jagtap, Ramesh Solanke said that in spite of being such a sensitive issue, contents of the 24X7 agreement have not been made public yet. This indicates a complete absence of transparency.He also pointed out that the NMC was repeatedly assuring citizens that they would get round-the-clock water supply within a year. However, it appears that no work has been done in this regard in the last few months and the civic body's lie had come to fore now.However, there are residents who feel that privatization of works has improved the services.Residents of Dharampeth zone, where NMC has implemented the pilot project of 24X7 water supply, have clear bragging rights over the rest of the city.Contrary to claims of several consumer organizations, residents of this zone too feel that quantum of water supply has increased significantly after implementation of the project.\"Earlier, water supply was erratic. Many a time, they also got contaminated water. This is no longer the case. They are, however, extremely dissatisfied with increase in water bills after implementation of the project,\" said Deepak Jadhav, a resident of Gokulpeth.Similar is the reaction of citizens towards Spanco. Environmental activist and a resident of Civil Lines Kaustuv Chatterjee said that initially the service of Spanco was horrible. But there has been a good progress, he claimed.\"The bottom line is that they are very professional as they attend all complaints, something which the MSEDCL never did,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11371058", "title": "Two youth picked up from Punjab, grilled on 13/7 blasts", "text": "MUMBAI: Two youth, aged 19 and 20, were picked up from Mohali in Punjab by the Maharashtra ATS and brought to Mumbai. It is learnt that the duo was grilled about the July 13 blasts of 2011 in the city. Qamar-e-Aalam Shaikh and Abdul Wahab, both residents of Darbhanga in Bihar, were interrogated at Kharar police station in Punjab before being brought to Mumbai.Shaikh is a first-year BTech student while Wahab is pursuing a diploma in mechanical engineering. Their two roommates, Tanveer Aalam and Mohammed Ashraf, were also detained by the Kharar police but subsequently released.Ashraf, who was released on Tuesday, told TOI, \"Neither did the cops told us why we were being detained nor did not show us their IDs.\"Mohali SSP Gurpreet Sing said he was busy and would talk about the youth later. Senior ATS officials did not respond. Sources said the youth were questioned in a forgery and cheating case registered in Mumbai as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370129", "title": "Port trust seeks land on lease for dumping silt", "text": "KOLKATA: On December 10, 2011, when the MV PFS Narayana entered the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) with a consignment of coal from Tuticorin, the ship may have been steering the port out of deep trouble.According to Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) records, this vessel was the first one to use the Eden (Western) Channel that officials believe will allow the movement of more cargo to and from the port of Haldia. The passage of the coal-carrier was indication enough that the channel - that has a better draught than the original one - can be used by Haldia and Kolkata-bound vessels.For the last several years now, the fall in draught in the channel outside HDC has been a cause for concern. Leave alone larger vessels, even mid-sized ones found it difficult to enter or leave the port with a full load. This led to dissatisfaction among the port users and many considered the possibility of using other ports to transport cargo. This was when KoPT took a decision to open the Eden Channel that had been operated several decades ago.The draught in the channel is expected to be between 7 and 8 metres, allowing ships loaded with more cargo to enter and leave the port.\"We opened the channel in 2011 and in December, ships started moving through it. The first outgoing ship from Haldia to have used this channel was the container ship MV Meratus Makassar. This ship moved through the Eden Channel on December 22 on its way to Singapore . This movement of ships through the channel without any trouble is quite encouraging for us. Hopefully, this new channel will bring about a turnaround in the fate of HDC at a time when the state government is keen for industrial development of West Bengal,\" an official said.But opening of the new channel won't suffice. If the actual benefits are to be reaped, KoPT will have to undertake extensive dredging of the Jellingham Bar through which ships have to pass even when using the new channel. The draught at Jellingham, considered the governing bar, is down to about 3.8 metres.\"We are waiting for the Eden Channel to stabilise completely. Once this happens, we shall concentrate on dredging of Jellingham. The four dredgers that are working in the channel now are concentrating at Auckland which is important for the original channel. I have spoken to minister of state for shipping Mukul Roy, asking him to talk to farmers in Rasulpur and hand over some land to us on a one to two years lease. We want to use this land to dump the silt that will be brought up from Jellingham during dredging. In the end, the farmers will get compensation for the period we use the land and also get more fertile soil. The minister has said that he will talk to villagers,\" said M L Meena, chairman, KoPT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11372842", "title": "Eight puppies make for a happy start to year", "text": "LUDHIANA: Brothers Kulbir and Kuljit Singh of Kaudi village of the district have been grinning ear to ear as they fuss over their three-year-old Newfoundland pet Shasta. On Wednesday she gave birth to eight puppies at a clinic in Sarabha Nagar. The breed is rare in the state and each puppy is worth Rs 2lakh.Kulbir, who owns Shasta, said his pet has given him a New Year gift in the form of the puppies - five males and three females. \"On Wednesday morning Shasta got unwell so I rushed her to the veterinary doctor. Sometime later she delivered the puppies. Sashta and all her puppies are well,'' said Kulbir, who had imported Shasta and her mate of the same breed, George from USA.A US citizen, Kulbir said George is has won many titles in the US as well as in India at various dog shows. \"He is an Indo-American champion while Shasta has also been declared best in many shows here,\" he said.Kulbir said, \"Since the breed is not easily found, I am delighted to have so many pups.\" His brother Kuljit said Shasta is very calm and intelligent and her breed is known as a rescue dog in the world. \"Newfoundland dogs are known to be good swimmers because they have webbed feet. Both Shasta and George are very gentle pets and we are really proud of them. We bought Shasta for Rs 2.50 lakh,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369100", "title": "Alleged Naxalite Arun Ferreira is finally free", "text": "NAGPUR: 'Chalo Papa, lets go!' So said the alleged Naxal ideologue and Maharashtra State Committee member of the Communist Party of India ( Maoist) Arun Ferreira to his father Thomas shortly he was released from Nagpur central jail at 1.20 pm on Wednesday. He walked free after four-and-half years' incarceration.The alleged Naxal top cadre was released after formalities were completed by the jail authorities. Ferreira was granted bail by principal and district judge Gadchiroli SS Ahmed on November 10 last year. On Monday, Ferreira's family paid the personal bond of 50,000 and 50,000 worth solvency certificate to secure his release.Nagpur jail authorities allowed Ferreira's release amid speculation about possibility of his re-arrest at central jail gate. Even Ferreira's parents Thomas and Yuwan were unsure. Every minute's wait seemed as long as an hour for the couple who walked around in anxiety. \"The state is so powerful, it can do anything. It can arrest people like you and me anyone anytime,\" said Thomas during a casual chat with TOI reflecting his inner fear.Ferreira's hugged his 72-year-old mother Yuwan and also pulled his father for an embrace in an emotion filled gesture. \"Last time, we were made to wait and finally left alone. They did not release him,\" said the mother referring to his re-arrest from jail premises last year. The same anxiety remained on the faces of Ferreira's lawyers Surendra Gadling, Anil Kale and others. Though apparently there were no policemen other than jail staff around, the obvious presence of plainclothesmen from different security agencies kept them on tenterhooks.\"I want to go home now,\" said Ferreira to media assembled outside the jail gate with a smile that belied the allegations that security agencies have levelled against this Bandra boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11368947", "title": "Punjab Polls: Parties fret, raise queries over poll expenses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Election commission's tightening the noose around political parties regarding monitoring of expenditure is giving campaigners the jitters. Politicians are now seeking clarifications and permission for almost everything and that is making the situation difficult for overworked election officials.On Wednesday, Shiromani Akali Dal wrote a letter to Election Commission of India demanding to know how expenditure would be calculated regarding bumper stickers with pictures of Akali leaders, said party secretary D S Cheema.Special chief electoral officer Usha R Sharma said, \"Permission of the commission is not required for printing any photograph of leaders in any advertisement and posters. Photographs of any leader can be put in an advertisement in print and electronic media, but if such a leader happens to be a candidate, the proportionate expenditure on advertisement or poster used in his constituency would be added to the account of his election expenses.\"Already, political parties and leaders are debating how much expenditure on social networking sites needs to be declared to EC. \"I am a busy man and during elections I get even busier. I do not have time to update my Facebook account or connect with my supporters and friends online. Though I have hired a professional site promotion manager, I am not too sure if I would declare that expense,\" said a sitting MLA of Congress.SSP transferredOn the instructions of Election Commission of India, Punjab government on Wednesday transferred Fatehgarh Sahib SSP Ranbir Singh Khatra of Pubjab Police Service and posted Indian Police Service officer Babu Lal Meena in his place", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370279", "title": "GTU ad sparks controversy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has recently issued advertisement for recruitment of 20 officials. Here, the pay packets offered for the post of registrar, controller of examinations and chief accountancy officer has raised a controversy.Officials said that while qualifications required are mentioned as per UGC norms, the salaries offered to the candidates have been quoted as per state government norms. \"It is a classic case of demanding high qualification and low salary\", said GTU officials, adding that pay scale for these positions has been advertised at Rs 6,600 while the basic pay scale as per UGC norms is Rs 8,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370105", "title": "Foundation stone laid for second phase of hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: Bharat Sevashram Sangha hospital laid added yet another feather to its cap by laying the foundation stone of the second phase of the hospital on Wednesday. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee was present to inaugurate the ICU and a medical indoor unit.\"The hospital aims to serve the weaker section of the society with the most modern and updated medical equipmentand technology for diagnosis, treatment and rehabilitation under one roof,\" said Swami Bhrahmatmananda.Commenting on the project chief minister said, it was indeed a great endeavour on the part by the Sangha and she hopes that the institute continues with their great work.\"I hope the ashram joins hands with the government hospitals so that they can operate in a much better way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370916", "title": "Consultant submits multi-level parking plan for Broadway", "text": "CHENNAI: The city is finally seeing some movement over the multi-level parking proposal at Broadway.Sources in the Chennai Corporation said the consultant of the proposed Rs 40-crore project at Broadway terminus, ITRCL Assets and Holdings Limited, has submitted its report to the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) for approval.The multi-level parking facility will cover an area of 3,000 sqm and accommodate 550-660 twowheelers .Besides Broadway, the corporation has proposed this facility at three other areas - Wallace Garden in Nungambakkam, Broadway Terminus, Panagal Park in TNagar and NSC Bose Road.\"It is expected that the CMDA approval will speed things up,\" said a senior corporation official adding that the project was delayed as contractors didn't show any interest initially. The civic body liberalized some of the project terms after the even fourth tender got poor response. Now, the contractor will be allowed to use three floors for commercial purposes.ITRCL will have to pay Rs 81 lakh to the civic body annually for 23 years. The civic body will collect an additional 5% after the first year. ITRCL will have to design, build and operate the automated parking lot before transferring the rights back to the corporation at the end of the concession period.Sources said four-wheelers will be charged Rs 20 for the first hour and Rs 10 for every additional hour. For two-wheelers , the fee will be Rs 5 per hour. Car owners can get a monthly ticket for Rs 1,500, while for bikers it will cost Rs 500.Work on the Rs 30-crore parking facility at Wallace Garden in Nungambakkam had already begun by the consortium formed by the Marg Group and Apollo Hospitals. The Nungambakkam parking lot will also have commercial spaces for the contractor, which it has to hand over to the corporation after 18 years.In case of the Panagal Park facility, the corporation will appoint a consultant for a feasibility survey by the end of this month, while it is preparing a detailed report for the Rs 4-crore NSC Bose parking lot.\"The feasibility report from the consultant will speed-up this project but there are some legal hurdles which is affecting this project. However, the parking lot at the NSC bose will be constructed by the civic body itself ,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11368991", "title": "Tiff over TV takes fatal turn as grandmom sets self on fire", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Watch TV in your room and not in the hall or else leave my father's house,\" --- a bitterly insulting and disappointing statement from a 17-year-old granddaughter provoked a 65-year-old granny in Nerul to immolate self in a fit of rage. The grandmother died of burns last week.Psychiatrists put this as total ignorance of the mental changes and uncertainties which take place in elderly people and lack of tolerance and patience on part of both the generations. According to sources in the neighbourhood, 17-year-old Shonali Raheja (name changed) had a petty fight with her 65-year-old grandmom Sonakshini Raheja (name changed) on December 23 when the latter wanted to watch TV in the hall.Soon Shonali unplugged digital box and switched off the TV after the grandmother abused her. Shonali also kept insisting that granny should watch TV in her room and that the TV in the drawing room be left for her. To Shonali's comments that it was her father's house, granny said it was her son's and that she should leave first.In the meantime, sources said, Shonali's mother (granny's daugther-in-law) intervened to say that they were ready to move out of the house if she (granny) had serious problems with them. This fight over television-watching rights with teenaged granddaughter and her mother led to granny pouring kerosene on her and setting herself ablaze. The lady suffered around 60 per cent burn injuries on her skin and was admitted to a nearby hospital where she died after five-six days. However, sources said, to save her granddaughter, the grandmother termed it an accident, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11372932", "title": "Six arrested for Ganjam man's death", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Six persons including three anganwardi workers have been arrested in connection with the alleged abduction and murder of a 35-year-old man at Munishipentha village in Chhatrapur police station area on Tuesday.Police found the body of Santosh Das from a classroom in a school.According to sources, Das was engaged in painting the school building when a few kgs of rice went missing from an anganwadi centre that runs in that building .The anganwardi workers detained Das and informed villagers of the matter.The wife of the deceased, Gauri Das, however lodged an FIR alleging her husband was beaten to death by the anaganwardi workers and others. The workers, on the other hand, said he had committed suicide.The exact cause of the death would be known only after getting the post-mortem report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370870", "title": "PU students protest hike in meal prices", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Agitated by the hike of 10% in charges of mess food at university hostels, students' organizations of Panjab University (PU) staged a protested outside vice-chancellor's office on Wednesday demanding a revision in rates.The meal prices have been revised from Rs 20.5 to Rs 22.5 in girls hostel and from Rs 22 to Rs 24 in boys hostel. The decision, which had been pending since 2 months, was finally put into effect two days ago. Although unwilling to withdraw the hike, the university authorities agreed to convene a meeting of students' representatives with the mess contractors on Thursday.PU Students Union (PUSU) submitted a memorandum to the VC. They cited the university authorities hiked the prices under pressure from mess contractors and not because of inflation.\"We don't believe the rates were revised because of an increase in prices of fuel, milk, edible oil and other items. The finance minister promises it (inflation) has slipped down from a double digit figure to under 6%,\" said PUSU president Sukhjit Singh Brar.Sumit Goklaney, a PUSU member, said PU Campus Student Council president initially approved the hike in prices two months ago. And now, they are demanding its withdrawal to gain poilitical mileage.\" Dean of student welfare, PU, A S Ahluwalia said, \"We will ensure hygiene and better quality with the hiked rates. They wouldn't be withdrawn as it's just an increase of 10%.\" A meeting of students and mess contractors has been convened,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370623", "title": "Fog affects flights, rail traffic", "text": "JAIPUR: There was no respite from the shivering cold in the state as the temperature dipped further on Wednesday. Churu remained the coldest district with a minimum temperature of 5.1 degrees Celsius.At least nine domestic flights to destinations like Delhi and Mumbai were delayed due to fog. International flight from Sharjah landed eight hours late at the Sanganer aiport. With no prior information on the revised schedule, passengers and their relatives had to face trouble.At least a dozen early morning trains arrived late, and likewise, several trains departed late from the Jaipur railway station. Some of these trains were Puja Express, Ajmer-Sialdah Express, Jaipur-Amritsar Express.The Met office predicts a dip of up to four degrees in the temperature over the next few days. In Jaipur, the maximum and minimum temperature was seven and 21.6 degrees respectively. By afternoon, the fog had subsided and Jaipurites were seen enjoying the sun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370124", "title": "Youths to get together to express views", "text": "PUNE: The second Indian Students Parliament, a forum for students from various universities to express their views on key issues facing the country, will commence on January 10 at the MIT School of Government (MIT-SoG) here.Union minister for sports and youth welfare Ajay Maken will be among the prominent figures who are expected to attend the inaugural function of the three-day event, which is likely to draw 7,000 students from across the country.Addressing a news conference on Wednesday, MIT founder head Vishwanath Karad and dean of MIT-SoG Rahul Karad said that BJP leader L K Advani will address the inaugural session in a video conferencing mode from New Delhi.The event will be spread over nine sessions of different topics with prominent figures from different walks of life addressing each of these sessions, along with student representatives of various institutions.Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and Tibetan spiritual guru Dalai Lama will be among the prominent personalities who will address the sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370372", "title": "Jeweller accuses police of illegal detention", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 23-year-old jeweller, accused of abducting a doctor, was given bail by city session court on Wednesday. Sanket Soni was arrested by Gujarat University police station officials following a complaint by Shahibaug resident Dr Amrut Patel. Patel in his complaint with Shahibaug police station officials had alleged that Soni, Vikram Rabari, Amrat Rabari, Raju Rabari, Manu Rabari and others had abducted him from near Camp Hanuman on December 15. Patel had told police that he was blindfolded and taken to Mehsana where he was threatened with a knife. However, Soni's lawyer Virat Popat told the court that the police had illegally detained him in the case.\"The complaint was filed with Shahibaug police. But without any transfer of complaint, GU police arrested Soni from Vijay Crossroads and detained him for hours\" the lawyer told the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11372008", "title": "Dense fog envelopes Delhi, flight operations hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dense fog enveloped the capital and visibility fell to near zero level, affecting normal life as bitter cold persisted in North India.Flight operations and train services were hit. According to Times Now, five domestic flights arriving at Indira Gandhi Airport were cancelled due to fog. The visibility at the runaway is hovering around 220 -- 370 meters.The minimum temperature was recorded at 8.6 degree Celsius, two degrees above normal, early this morning, the MeT Department said.The MeT department has forecast thick fog in the morning, partly cloudy sky in the afternoon with a possibility of light showers during the night. The weatherman has also predicted thunderstorms with rain tomorrow with temperature oscillating between 11 and 20 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371264", "title": "Head cashier held for accepting bribe", "text": "PATNA: The anti-corruption wing of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) here on Wednesday arrested head cashier of Rajbanshi Nagar branch of the Central Bank of India Ranjit Kumar Singh while accepting bribe of Rs 11,000 from one Dinesh Kumar Chaudhary against the subsidy on loan he had sought from the bank.On receiving complaint regarding the demand of bribe by Singh from Chaudhary of Chhajan Harishankar under Kudhni block of Muzaffarpur district, the CBI probed the matter, and then laid the trap to arrest Singh.The written complaint of Chaudhry said that he had applied for loan with the North Bihar Grameen Bank , Chhajan, for setting up a small-scale industry under Prime Minister's Employment Guarantee Programme (PMEGP). The project cost of this industry came to Rs 4 lakh on which the bank manager sanctioned an amount of Rs 2.85 lakh and Rs 95,000 on November 30, 2011.On the other hand, subsidy worth 35 percent of the project cost amounting to Rs 1.40 lakh had to be disbursed by Rajbanshi Nagar branch of the bank. Chaudhary contacted the branch manager of the bank for this, on which he was referred to Singh. When he contacted the cashier, the latter demanded Rs 11,000 for releasing the subsidy amount. Chaudhary pleaded his helplessness, but finally agreed to pay the amount demanded.Subsequently, Chaudhary complained about it to the CBI, after which a trap was planned and laid. Singh was caught red-handed while accepting the bribe of Rs 11,000 before independent witnesses. Singh would be produced before the CBI designated court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374824", "title": "Michael Fassbender's nudity 'stir'", "text": "Michael Fassbender's nudity in 'Shame' would not be commented on if it was played by a woman, the film's director claims.Steve McQueen , who has previously worked with the Irish-German actor on film 'Hunger', does not believe the short shot of him completely naked is a big deal, and thinks too much pressure is placed on men in modern society.He said: \"Just having Michael walk naked round a corner onscreen causes a stir. If it had been a woman, no one would say anything.\"I think 'Shame' is about what it is to be a man now. It's about all of us. I want the cinema to be like a mirror that reflects us. So people see this guy isn't a freak. He's one of us. It's difficult, being a bloke.\"He also believes Michael - who won Best Actor prize at the Venice Film Festival for his portrayal of sex addict Brandon in the movie - was perfect for the role because he combines both the masculine and feminine.Steve added to Esquire magazine: \"He's a man's man, but there's a vulnerability to him, a femininity, that can be very beautiful. I don't think a lot of actors could have played Brandon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371253", "title": "Lokpal bill fiasco: BJP seeks dismissal of Union govt", "text": "PATNA: The state BJP on Wednesday demanded that President Pratibha Devi Singh Patil dismiss the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre for running away from the vote on Lokpal Bill in Rajya Sabha (RS) by orchestrating a chaos, which amounted to murder of democracy.The BJP made this demand in a memorandum submitted to state governor Devanand Konwar on the day. The memorandum noted that the Congress could not ensure the passage of its own amendment on Lokpal Bill in the Lok Sabha, and also saw to it that a chaotic situation was created in the RS with the sole purpose of escaping the vote on the Bill.The submission of the memorandum was a part of the weeklong agitation that the national BJP has planned to register its protests against what happened in the RS during debate on the Lokpal Bill. The week-long protests of the state BJP started on Tuesday.Before submission of the memorandum to the governor, state BJP chief Dr C P Thakur led a march of the party's leaders from the party headquarters to R-Block, where he also addressed a rally of the rank and file. From there, he led the march to Raj Bhawan to submit the memorandum to the governor.Among those who accompanied him were state general secretary Mangal Pandey, MP Pradip Kumar Singh, state vice-presidents Vishwanath Bhagat and Harishankar Sharma, state spokesmen Sudhir Kumar Sharma and Suresh Rungta, and state Mahila Morcha chief Hemlata Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11369938", "title": "JD(U) fields land row mastermind for polls", "text": "NOIDA: Raising the poll pitch in Gautam Budh Nagar district, the JD(U) on Wednesday announced that it will field Manveer Singh Tewatia, the prime accused in the land row unrest that took place in Bhatta-Parsaul villages in Greater Noida on May 7, 2011, from the Jewar assembly seat. Tewatia, who was arrested by the UP police in July last year, is at present lodged in Dasna jail as an undertrial for allegedly inciting violence.Speaking to TOI, Sharad Yadav, JD(U) chief, said that Tewatia has been chosen by the party as its candidate for Jewar because \"he is a 'great warrior' who fought for the cause of farmers in western Uttar Pradesh\".\"Manveer Tewatia is the leader of the farmers' movement in the entire western Uttar Pradesh , from Tappal to Bhatta-Parsaul,\" said Yadav. \"The plight of farmers in western UP got international exposure due to the movement led by him. He is suffering because of the charges levelled against him. Even though many political parties approached him for candidature, he refused all and joined the JD(U),\" Yadav told TOI.According to political sources in the district, Tewatia's entrance into the electoral fray has put the land acquisition issue and the Bhatta-Parsaul agitation right at the centre-stage of electoral politics in western Uttar Pradesh.The Congress has already fielded Thakur Dhirender Singh from the Jewar assembly seat. Singh was reportedly instrumental in allowing for the safe passage of Rahul Gandhi into Bhatta-Parsaul when the Congress scion surreptitiously entered the villages, hoodwinking the state police, at the height of the land acquisition row in May last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368738", "title": "Vote lust makes BJP wobble on probity plank", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP's effort to take the high moral ground on corruption took a heavy knock on Wednesday when it came in for all-round attack for inducting Babu Singh Kushwaha, an ex-BSP minister who has been named an accused in Uttar Pradesh's Rs 2,000 crore national rural health mission scam by the CBI. Still, in its desperation to garner some backward caste votes in UP, the party refused to reverse its decision.Kushwaha faces serious charges under the prevention of corruption act and is accused of criminal conspiracy, misuse of office and criminal misconduct. He was chaperoned into the BJP on Tuesday amid fanfare by party leader Vinay Katiyar and UP chief Surya Pratap Shahi with the blessings of the party high command, only to trigger public outrage.The move surprised many as former BJP MP Kirit Somaiyya had claimed Kushwaha was a partner in several bogus firms used to launder scam money. It was during Kushwaha's tenure as family welfare ministers that two chief medical officers were murdered and a third later died under mysterious circumstances in jail. Kushwaha was raided by the CBI on Wednesday.Despite the outrage, the BJP brazenly defended Kushwaha's entry into the party along with Badshah Singh - another ex-BSP leader sacked in a land allotment case - by fielding party MP Mukhtar Naqvi who indulged in political rabble rousing while addressing the media, attacked Rahul Gandhi in totally unrelated matters, but failed to explain why BJP has inducted a tainted leader. He, however, added that all those who join the party will not necessarily be given the party ticket in the polls.The unease in the BJP was apparent with senior leaders like Sushma Swaraj, M M Joshi and Advani questioning the decision at the meeting of the party's central election committee. BJP president Nitin Gadkari is believed to have justified the decision on the ground that Kushwaha was not facing a \"serious\" charge like murder and that the corruption cases against him are yet to be proven.This left its NDA partner JD(U) unconvinced as its Sharad Yadav said Kushwaha should not have admitted into the BJP. By evening, even BJP leaders were privately admitting that the party will be in an untenable position if CBI pursues the case against the former BSP leader and arrests him. The BJP brass hopes media scrutiny will die down in a few days. As of now, the top leaders were refusing to comment.The Congress waded into the BJP's decision to induct Kushwaha saying that it exposed the saffron party's \"opportunistic politics.\" Senior party leader Ambika Soni said BJP had become the \"biggest advocate\" of a man accused of embezzling hundreds of crores. Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi wondered whether Kushwaha's induction was the end result of BJP veteran L K Advani's anti-corruption yatra.A cornered BJP tried scattering the blame, demanding why action for alleged corruption was not being taken against Delhi CM Shiela Diskshit and home minister P Chidambaram, apart from making pretty wild attacks against Rahul Gandhi, in a bid to avoid addressing charges against Kushwaha. The effort invited only derision. The comparisons were hardly apt, BJP leaders later admitted privately.Although some BJP seniors are learnt to have questioned Gadkari on Kushwaha's induction, none of them came on record to speak up against it. The party's calculation is that an estimated 9% Kushwaha vote in UP could turn towards it as this section of OBCs view Mayawati's decision to get rid of Babu Singh from BSP as a \"humiliation\". BJP leaders claimed that Kushwaha won't be given a party post or a party ticket but would \"campaign against Mayawati.\"Kushwaha, along with other OBC leaders in BJP ranks like Uma Bharati and Santosh Gangwar, is expected to target the Congress for announcing a 4.5% sub-quota for Muslims in the OBC category by fanning resentment over a consequent reduction in the reservations available to backwards.But the caste calculus aside, BJP came under attack as its own campaign for a \"strong\" Lokpal was hurled back at it as the party's drive for backward votes at all cost was also evident from its decision to give a ticket to Sakshi Maharaj, a controversial Lodh leader who has been accused of fraud. State BJP leader I B Singh opposed the move, saying that it dented the party's credentials.While BJP is looking to shore up its OBC support, many central leaders admitted that they were embarrassed by the party's decision on Kushwaha. Having sought to outbid Congress on the anti-corruption plank by virtually adopting Gandhian leader Anna Hazare's agenda, BJP has left itself open to being mauled for being prepared to sacrifice its professed principles for petty electoral gain.Sharad Yadav said, \"Tainted people should not get a ticket for Uttar Pradesh polls. They are our allies but I am sorry...this should not be done,'' said Yadav. He was talking to reporters about why BJP had allowed Kushwaha to join the party.Mayawati had earlier sacked Kushwaha after he was charged with financial irregularities in supply of medicines for a National Rural Health Mission scheme. His name figures in one of the five cases registered by CBI earlier in the scam. Another former minister sacked by Mayawati, Badshah Singh, too, joined BJP along with Kushwaha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11369640", "title": "Man found shot in Siolim, cops don't rule out suicide", "text": "MAPUSA: A 38-year-old man from Marna in Siolim, Umesh Chari, was found dead about 150m away from his Ingraz waddo residence at 8.30am on Wednesday.According to the neighbours, although a gunshot was heard at about 4.45am, the incident came to light only later when one of the neighbours found his body. The police said that there was a gunshot mark on the deceased's chest and a rifle lying next to his body, with a live cartridge in his shirt pocket.The police are trying to ascertain whether the 12-bore single barrel licensed gun is Chari's and whether it is a case of suicide.The Anjuna police conducted a panchanama and seized the rifle, while an expert was summoned to trace the fingerprints on the rifle. Later, Chari's body was sent to the Goa Medical College and hospital for a postmortem.Deputy superintendent of police, Mapusa, Bossuet Silva who also visited the site said that the deceased had a history of mental disorder and was undergoing treatment.\"Chari was mentally unstable and had been undergoing psychiatric treatment since 2001. It appears to be a case of suicide, however, the reasons are not known. We are awaiting the postmortem report,\" Silva added.Chari, a carpenter who owned a workshop, was unmarried. This is the second such incident in the Chari family. A few years ago, his brother had committed suicide by hanging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11375435", "title": "Simran Kaur makes me a better person: Sunny Gill", "text": "The 'Jo Hum Chahein' boy gets candid about love, life and cinema.His film might have not clicked at the box-office but Sunny Gill sure left a mark with his confident act in his Bollywood debut Jo Hum Chahein . The actor gets candid about love, life and cinema in an exclusive conversation.There has been unanimous positive buzz about your screen presence and performance in 'Jo Hum Chahein'. It is very gracious and kind of critics and audiences in general to appreciate my work. It's especially encouraging for a first-timer like me. It is overwhelming to see people talk about me. A surreal feeling!However the same wasn't said about the film. What do you think went wrong? I am not really sure what went wrong with it. Maybe the message that we were trying to convey didn't come across convincingly. Jo Hum Chahein was about the youth of today who want to make a quick buck and would overlook everything to achieve success. I guess something might have gone wrong with the script, dialogues or the pace though we started with very honest intentions. I guess the audience and critics are justified in their outlook towards the film. I am too attached with the project to understand what went wrong with it.Was it easy to debut in Bollywood with an inhouse banner backing you? It would say it was more difficult. Whenever you start with a reputed banner or director it is easier because their credentials are attached to the film. Though my brother (director) Pawan Gill has been an assistant with Yash Raj Films and knew the craft well, this was his first individual venture. And believe it or not, I had to give an audition for the film irrespective of the fact that this was our home production. In fact they auditioned Simran Kaur with other male costars also to check how well they looked together onscreen. I was finally chosen on my merits.What would you say is your USP? People say I look good. I can act and dance well. It's a combination of everything that acts as my USP. Also I am a very flexible actor and open to change. You ask me to try doing a scene in five different ways and I wouldn't shy away.Do you see yourself nominated in the Best Debut Actor category in the upcoming award functions? I hope so. If the industry is gracious and kind enough, it would be an achievement to even win a nomination. However this is something which is not under my control.Who would you say is your strongest contender in the Best Debut Category? We have been working on Jo Hum Chahein for more than a year and all this while I have been so busy that I didn't get time to watch any films other than a couple of big ones. In fact I am now watching DVDs and catching up with all the movies I missed. Perhaps that would help me find my contender.You are already being tagged as a 'female charmer' I take that as a compliment. Even in real life, I like to be with girls.And are you dating Simran Kaur Mundi? Simran is a beautiful girl and she makes me a better person. I like being in her company. We have enjoyed being together while working on this film. Whenever we catch up, we have a blast. And I am very fond of her. That's it!Will your next film be a home production again? There are no immediate plans with our home banner though we would work out something in future. As of now, I would like to work in an outside banner.So any film that you signed outside home? People in industry have liked my work. Presently I am meeting producers and hopefully something should firm up in the next ten days.Any actor you idolize in Bollywood? More than any star, I love films. I idolize different actors for different films. Like I saw Aamir Khan in 3 Idiots and turned a fan of him. Or when I see Amitabh Bachchan in films like Paa and Black, I am overwhelmed at what he is doing at his age.One actor you would love to share screen with? Given a chance, I would love to work with Mr Bachchan. He is so good that he would make me look better. I believe if people see us together, of course they will love Amitabh Bachchan but at the same time, will also notice me somewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374751", "title": "Nervous babysitter Zooey Deschanel", "text": "Zooey Deschanel is too scared to babysit her nephew.The '(500) Days of Summer' actress' older sister Emily has a three-month-old son and although Zooey finds the tot \"terribly cute\" she doesn't like being left responsible for him unless there is someone else around.Asked if she ever babysits, she said: \"If somebody else is around. I don't ... I've never really babysat. I'm not great at babysitting. I kind of, like, don't know what to do, maybe if my mom was around or something. I like holding him, he really is terribly cute.\"Despite her aversion to babysitting duties, Zooey - who split from her husband, Death Cab for Cutie frontman Ben Gibbard , in November - explained she is \"pretty much always cheerful\".Zooey added: \"I am pretty much always cheerful. Even early in the morning, I go on tour with my band and it's, like, 12 people on one bus. And I feel like I'm the one who's happy in the morning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372437", "title": "Ajay Devgn, Anil Kapoor don\u2019t dare to bare", "text": "The lead actors change the Tezz climax. Decide to keep their clothes onThe sequence that was supposed to get shot in an around London's Saint Pancras station was shot last week in Mumbai on a set designed by Sabu Cyril to match the Pancras area. While the fight between Devgn and Kapoor remained as planned, the plan to present both heroes in a bare-chested avatar was abandoned.A source close to the project revealed to Mumbai Mirror, \"While Ajay who has got into a fine physical shape during Singham was all for it, Anil in spite of his best intentions, just couldn't. Anil made a sincere attempt to get into a bare-able shape. But the idea was finally dropped. Anil has always been shy about taking off his shirt. Other than the love-making scene in Jaanbaaz with Dimple he always prefers to keep his shirt on.\"And thus the climax of Tezz was shot in the heart of Mumbai with the two actors buttoned up and pretending to fight it out outside Pancras station.When questioned about the changed climax sequence director Priyadarshan said, \"No we don't have Anil and Ajay bare-chested. This is not the Dabangg kind of climax. But yes, it's pretty gory. I'd say Priyadarshan didn't shoot this bloodied and savage Anil-Ajay fight. Ridley Scott did. Ridley is my favourite. I've tried to bring in his raw realism in the fight. It's a fight between equals. It's a fight between right and right. Till the last the audience wouldn't know whether Anil or Ajay would win the fight.\"\"Anil has a vast reputation as a hero. Long back in films like Tezaab he established himself as a hero of the masses. So audiences won't be looking at his muscle power. They will look at him as a symbol of moral rightness. Hence the fight with Ajay has turned out super-convincing. I am very proud of it,\" added the filmmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369231", "title": "Pigs from Indore may have brought JE virus", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pigs brought to the city from Indore, Madhya Pradesh, could be behind the spread of Japanese Encephalitis (JE) in the city. This is what the latest report on the screening of blood samples collected from the swine and subsequent investigations carried out by the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) has revealed. According to the civic body, at least three pigs transported to the city from Indore by local traders for slaughtering have tested positive for the JE virus.Dr V K Monga, Chairman of the MCD health committee confirmed this fact adding that that MCD will issue a health alert to the concerned authorities in Indore and ask them re-ascertain the facts.\"The lab reports from National Research Centre on Equines, Hisar, received by us on Wednesday, stated that out of 83 blood samples collected from pigs across the city three pigs from Sadar Paharganj zone have tested positive for JE virus. The traders claim that the pigs were brought for slaughtering from Indore,\" said Monga. He added that in December last year also, when 17 out of 83 blood samples collected from pigs across the city were found positive for JE, the traders had claimed that the swine were mostly brought from Indore and Gurgaon. Both the mega-cities have not reported any JE cases so far but health officials say that the infection may be present in pigs at a sub-clinical level.JE has already killed around 1,000 people this year in Eastern Uttar Pradesh and Bihar where the disease is endemic. It spreads through mosquitoes and pigs act as a reservoir of the JE virus. \"In Delhi, so far, seven people have tested positive for the disease since September. Six others have been found to be asymptomatic which means they tested positive for the virus but did not have disease related symptoms,\" said a senior MCD health official.Sources said that as per rough estimates around 300 pigs are slaughtered in the city daily. Health Minister A K Walia recently held a meeting with top officials of his department as well as civic agencies and gave directions to regulate the slaughter of pigs. They decided to set up a slaughter house exclusively for pigs at the outskirts of the city for which the MCD and DDA have been told to take necessary action. The state government has ordered extending the diagnostic facilities for screening of patients suffering from JE from existing three hospitals - Babu Jagjiwan Ram Hospital, Baba Saheb Ambedkar Hospital and Mahrishi Balmiki Hospital - to 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371269", "title": "Five closed sugar mills in state likely to be opened soon", "text": "PATNA: About five closed sugar mills in the state are likely to be opened this year as private companies have shown interest in their revival. As of now, nine sugar mills are closed while six were taken over by private companies last year.\"Two of them are operational at Lauria (West Champaran) and Sugauli (East Champaran) which were leased to HPCL Biofuels Ltd,\" said principal secretary, industries, C K Mishra.The government has been trying to lease out all the nine shut sugar units, but official sources said that parties showed interest only in four or five units. The sugarcane department invited bids thrice for the private takeover of the nine closed mills, but the first two attempts evoked little response. Again in November last, a fresh bid was invited for the revival of the closed sugar units, including one distillery.These nine closed units are located at Hathua, Banmankhi, Warisaliganj, Goraul, Samastipur, Guraru, Lohat and two in Siwan. The bids were invited for long-term lease of 60 years, renewable for another 30 years. \"About 35 private companies have submitted their tenders with their proposal,\" said sources.Mishra said that once the takeover is finalized for the four or five closed mills, the rest will be taken over by the Bihar State Infrastructure Development Authority. Last year, six closed units of the corporation had been taken over by private companies. While two of them were made functional, two others will start functioning from this year while the remaining two units will be used for purposes other than sugar manufacturing, he said.The revival of these closed mills will not only help the cane growers, but also ensure arrear payment of the staff who are going without salary for years. As per a rough estimate, these closed mills owe about Rs 200 crore to their employees.Apart from Lauria and Sugauli for which HPCL deposited altogether Rs 95 crore as lease money, four other closed units were taken over last year. The Motipur unit was taken over by India Potash Ltd for Rs 56.20 crore, Bihta unit by Prestine Logistic &amp; Infra Projects for Rs 23.16 crore, Sakri and Raiyyam units by Tirhut Industries for Rs 18.25 crore and Rs 8.44 crore respectively.All these sugar mills, which were under the Bihar State Sugar Corporation, were closed one by one in early 90s mainly due to mismanagement as well as obsolete equipment and inadequate skills. This corporation was established in 1974 with a purpose to take over all the private mills to modernize and make them more viable.The government took over 15 mills at Banmankhi, Lauria, Hathua, Sugauli, Motipur, Samastipur, Sakri, Lohat, Raiyyam, Siwan, New Siwan, Goraul, Warisaliganj, Bihta and Guraru. But the Corporation failed in its purpose and all the mills were shut down.Since 2005, a reverse policy has been adopted: to invite private companies to take over the government controlled mills. Once Bihar was a prominent sugar manufacturing state in the country.However, of the total cultivable area of 54 lakh hectare, only 2.30 lakh hectare approximately 4.5 percent, is under cane cultivation whereas in neighbouring UP 70 percent of the cultivable area is under cane coverage.The present sugarcane production of the state is around 1,26,000 metric tonnes of which 1,00,000 metric tonnes is being sent to other states.Mishra said that about 14 proposals for opening new sugar mills worth Rs 3,606 crore have been received by the State Industrial Promotion Board and most of them have been approved by the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11374738", "title": "Meet family planning target, health staff told", "text": "INDORE: The health staff in the city has been directed to ensure that they meet the target of carrying out 3500 family planning operations in the next three months. The directives were issued by the Collector Raghvendra Singh while chairing a review meeting on Family Planning.He said that the State Government was serious about family planning operations, and any laxity on part of the doctors would not be tolerated. The CEO, district panchayat Gopal Dad, ADM Alok Kumar Singh, Joint Director (Health) Dr Sharad Pandit, Woman and Child Welfare Department Executive Officer Vishal Nadkarni, and others were also present in the meeting.The Collector reviewed hospital-wise family planning operations carried out. He directed the health officials to ensure that this year too, the operation target was achieved.\"Action would be taken against the doctors who fail to achieve the target,\" he said, adding that the doctors must set daily target for the next three months to achieve the goal of conducting 3500 family operations.He further stated that groups comprising representatives from health department, anganwadi, and patwaris should be trudging door-to-door so as to identify the beneficiaries. The groups have been asked to focus on vasectomy and encourage it.The beneficiaries undergoing operations would de given special prizes, he said.The directives were issued by the Collector Raghvendra Singh while chairing a review meeting on Family Planning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "11370140", "title": "Farmers donate land to build road", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: In Bengal, farmers have always been plagued by the issue of land acquisition. Villagers of Tentulia in Murshidabad, about 250 km from Kolkata, however, set an example by donating 5 acres of agricultural land to build a road. The road will connect Mahalandi with Tentulia. Villagers who do not possess land are trying to help by providing labour.Tentulia village under Mahalandi in Kandi was disconnected from the mainland because there was no road. Such was the situation, that during the rainy season, students of Mahalandi High School could not go to school because of the mud.\"After repeated meeting with villagers for a year, everybody realized that if they donate some land, that would be better for the future generation. We called an all-party meeting and both Congress and Trinamool supporters took an initiative for the cause,\" said Abu Siddiqui, CPM panchayat member.\"We have become old and we have been facing communication problems since our childhood. We used to go to Mahalandi through Santhalpara, Giakhardaha and Ghatingdanga, which is about 10 km. Now, this road would be shortened to 6 km. So, I donated about 7 shatak land,\" said Alauddin Sheikh, owner of 17 bighas of land. Small landowners also extended help in building the much-awaited road.Despite having only one bigha of land, Sarifa Bewa, a widow, donated 2 shatak land for the road. Small landowners Lalbabu Sheikh, Putan Sheikh and Rokina Bibi followed suit.Abu Bakkar Siddiqui, panchayat pradhan, Mahalandi-I, said, \"We have decided upon one project for the road under NREGA. The cost of the project is estimated at Rs 5.6 lakh after seeing villagers situation and encourage example.\"Daily labourers Bulbuli Das and Matiur Rahman , two daily labourers said, \"We have no land to donate. So, we are donating labour. If poor and small farmers can donate land why we would be miserly to donate our efforts? So we joined.\"Arjian Khatun, a Class-XII student of Mahalandi GC High School said, \"Mahalandi is our central point. For school, office bank we must go to Mahalandi. In the rainy season we could not attend classes due to Tentulia's location. After this road, everybody would be benefitted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11370793", "title": "Girl beats up eve-teaser in Beawar town", "text": "AJMER: A student in Beawar on Tuesday not only thrashed an eve-teaser harassing her but also took him to police station. Later, police booked the accused for creating nuisance in the area.A school-going girl, residing near Bijaynager Road, was being regularly harassed by a 19-year-old boy Pawan Kumar Kumawat. \"He used to tease me every now and then whenever I went out of my house,\" said the victim. Pawan humiliated her by singing film songs, passing cheap comments and even chasing her. According to police, when the girl was returning to her house on Tuesday evening, Pawan came in her way close to Patel School and started teasing. For some distance, the girl ignored him but when Pawan chased her further she lost her temper. \"The girl grabbed him by the shirt and started beating him,\" onlookers said. She threw him down on the road and started kicking him. Witnessing the scene, people gathered and on knowing about eve teasing they also started beating the boy.The girl took the boy to nearby police station, her parents reached there, too, after getting the news. \"My daughter was very upset due to this boy as he used to taunt and follow her,\" said the mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ambedkarnagar", "code": "11370557", "title": "Party honchos, people\u2019s favourites?", "text": "AMBEDKARNAGAR: Akbarpur, the birth place of Dr Ram Manohar Lohiya, today finds itself far from the dream which the socialist ideologue had envisaged as he grew up and subsequently when he played a vital role in introducing a new school of thought in the history of Indian politics.The 2007 assembly election altered the political landscape of this place with Maya's men emerging victorious in assembly segments of Akbarpur, Tanda, Jalalpur, Katehri and Jahangirpur. Of them, three including Dharmraj Nishad, Ram Achal Rajbhar and Lalji Varma hold key portfolios in the current Mayawati cabinet.The place could be considered as Maya's bastion since she has thrice (1998, 1999 and 2004) been elected MP from this place. However, unlike Rae Bareli or Saifai, people in this non-descript district are rather reluctant to connect themselves to the BSP's social engineering feat of 2007 or with the dalit chief minister's local political roots.\"Most of the residents feel that the district had never been at par with VVIP constituencies like Rae Bareli or Saifai,\" an Ayurvedic medicine shop owner Lakhan Prasad said, and added, \"Why to talk of Maya's connection now, when the same feeling had never been even when she was contesting election from here.\"It was in 1998 that Mayawati first contested Lok Sabha election from Akbarpur after it was vacated by her trusted BAMCEF-time loyalist Tribhuwan Datt . She remained the MP for about a year before the Lok Sabha was dissolved in 1999. She re-contested in 1999 and was MP for next three years. In 2002 UP assembly election, Mayawati won from Jahangirganj in Ambedkarnagar and Harora. However, she resigned after a month only to retain Harora seat. She again contested Lok Sabha election from Akbarpur in 2004 and won. .Tribhuwan Datt, a close aide of Mayawati, is presently MLA from Jahangirganj.\"Even though she contested four elections from here, she hardly has any connect with the people of the district directly even when she was in the fray,\" said Bechan Yadav, a villager of Tanda town. At the most, she could be seen addressing a few rallies, he added. \"Otherwise, it was her close confidantes like Naseemuddin Siddiqui who used to oversee her election,\" said a man sitting next to Bechan.On development front, the residents are ready to give credit to Mayawati only for creating Ambedkarnagar as a district. \"Other than creating a district, Mayawati has been like any other politicians in the district,\" said a contractor waiting to get his dues clear at the recently constructed Mahamaya Allopathy Medical College in Tanda, courtesy medical health minister Lalji Varma, who is MLA from Tanda. However, post delimitation, Lalji Varma is contesting election from Katehri.Explaining the change in game plan, Varma told TOI that since his own vote has now gone into Katehri constituency and 102 booths, which (he claims to be his vote base) have also shifted to Katehri, he decided to contest election from here.Other than the medical college, the district has Shahuji Agriculture and Technology College, a polytechnic and an upcoming engineering college.Strangely, polarisation of development has also hit this district like many others.Lohiya Bhawan, which was proposed to be a higher level research institute and inaugurated by former chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav , has been lying neglected just in front of the air-strip. So much neglected that it was hard to actually locate it in the night, as there was no electricity in the vicinity. On the other hand, even though there was no electricity outside, the illuminated medical college clearly corroborates that it was baby of the present government. The main roads have been properly laid. However, the connecting roads in the district still need attention, at war-footing in some places.\"All said and done, neither the scattered development nor Mayawati's connection will play any significant role in the upcoming elections,\" said Rishiprakash Upadhyaya, who runs a degree college in Faizabad and had been closely keeping a watch on several elections of the past.Caste (dalit, Kurmi, Brahmin and Thakur) equations will play an important role in this elections too like it had been doing in the previous polls, said Upadhyaya, and added that it was primarily the combination of Brahmin, Kurmi and dalit, which had helped BSP to win all the five seats.However, this time the results may not be the same as after delimitation there has been shift of votes besides, candidates from several constituencies have also been changed by the BSP and to top it all, other political parties especially Samajwadi Party is also fielding its candidate strategically,\" Upadhyaya further said.Adding to the woes of the BSP this time would be the ever expanding list of tainted ministers, which has reached till 25. Corruption is also turning out to be an issue going against BSP, summed a studio shop owner refusing to identify himself, being an active member of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11372944", "title": "Civic body apathy leads to Koraput park closure", "text": "KORAPUT: Within less than two years of its opening, the only amusement park in the district has closed down, thanks to alleged mismanagement by Jeypore civic body officials.Lying on the west bank of the 250-year-old Jagannath Sagar and constructed at an estimated cost of over Rs 80 lakh, the park was inaugurated on April 1, 2010.It has a children's park, an open area for holding programmes and boating facility. The civic body had handed over the responsibility of maintaining the park to a voluntary body.\"The park has no lavatories, which is a problem for visitors. The toy-train, which was the main attraction of the park, is under repair for the past several months. Out of the 50 hi-power lights, at least 34 are fused,\" an official of the voluntary organization alleged.\"Though we have repeatedly urged the municipal authorities to replace the bulbs, repair the toy train and develop other facilities, nothing has been done. We have to face the ire of the visitors, everyday, hence we thought it better to close the park,\" the official added.Locals said it was not only an amusement park, but a place which provided peace of mind and tranquility, with a breathtaking view of the mountain range, temples and blue water in the backdrop.\"The aim of the project was to develop a place where people can unwind after a busy day. It's most unfortunate that the only amusement park has been closed down. The departments concerned should take necessary steps to ensure the park is reopened,\" said a Jeypore-based social activist, Rajesh Tripathy.Executive officer of Jeypore Municipality Ajay Kumar Mallick said, \"Necessary steps will be taken and the park will be reopened at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11372388", "title": "Hasina to arrive in Agartala on Jan 11", "text": "AGARTALA: The entire state administration here has gone into a tizzy in view of the Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and Vice President of India Hamid Ansari's visit to Agartala on January 11. Maximum security arrangements are being made for the Bangladesh premier's maiden visit to the state.\"Hasina will be accompanied by a 35-member delegation, which will include five ministers, business leaders and other important personalities from both political parties and intelligentsia. The Bangladesh foreign minister, Dr Dipu Moni will also come along with Hasina in a chartered flight to Agartala,\" said chief secretary S K Panda.A four-member team of Bangladesh headed by Bangladesh high commissioner in Delhi, Mohammad Manirul Islam is expected to arrive here on Wednesday. Another team of the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) headed by Dr Deepak Mittal, director is also coming to the city to hold meetings with state government officials at the civil secretariat. Only after the MEA team submits its report to the Prime Minister will the PMO decide who will receive Hasina here.Besides tight security arrangements, which include among others, tightened border vigil, round the clock surveillance and sanitization, the state administration and the Agartala municipal council are also giving a facelift to the city and roads through which the VVIPs will travel.During her visit, Hasina will be conferred the honorary D Litt by the Tripura Central University in its 9th convocation programme to be held here on January 12.On the same day, Vice President Dr Hamid Ansari will also arrive here and decorate the Tripura Police with the President's Colour for meritorious service at AD Nagar police ground in the evening. The Vice President will also attend the convocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373811", "title": "Shudra \u2013 The Rising", "text": "CreditsProducer-Director: Sanjiv Jaiswal Cast: Kirran Sharad, Pravin Baby, Aaref Rajput, Shridhar Dubey, Radha Srivastav, Shaji Chaudhry, Sattyam Chauhan, Priya Annatram, Gauri Shankar, Mahesh Balraj Co-Producer: Nitin Mishra, Meesum Abbas, Aditya Singh, Anil Jaiswal. Executive Producer: Meesum Abbas Director of Photography: Pratik Deora Story-Dialogue: Sanjiv Jaiswal Screenplay-Action: Noor Mani Music and Background: Jaan Nissar Lone Lyrics: Tanveer Ghazi Editor: Krishan Shukla Art Director: Anwar Ali Kazi Runtime: 120 minutes Genre: New Age Social Cinema Release: March 2012SynopsisShudra is based on about 250 million people born Out Caste in Hindu Varna system. They were treated as Unclean &amp; Impure, so much so that nobody ever even touched them or even allowed their shadow to fall on upper cast. They were called by the names of Chandaal, Antyaja, Black Caste, Harijan, Schedule caste &amp; SHUDRA - THE UNTOUCHABLES.An out caste Man 'Shudra' died for want of a sip of water, a child is publicity violated for uttering Holy Mantras, a pregnant woman is forced in the physical submission, a wounded man dies in need of medicine, all for one crime only.....Born in the caste of \"Shudra-The Untouchable\"It is believed that nature took ages to make man out of animal, but it took moments for certain men to make their fellow human animal again. They were named differently across the globe like -'BLACKS', 'RED INDIANS', 'DASYU', 'DAS'Chandala, Antyaja, Black Caste, Out Caste, Schedule Caste &amp; \"Shudra- The Untouchable\"\"Shudra- The Rising\" highlights the depth that evil human mind can succumb, to cling on to power and supremacy.A historical reminder of the danger of division and segregation, issues which are as relevant today as it was then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370306", "title": "BJP in choppy waters over Kushwaha\u2019s entry", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior BJP leaders and cadre in Uttar Pradesh are finding it difficult to come to terms with the induction of former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha into the party. This is despite the defence of the move by saffron bigwigs in Delhi.Resentment here surfaced on Wednesday when a state working committee member, IP Singh, publicly railed against what he termed the indefensible lapse on the part of state unit chief Surya Pratap Sahi. Sahi is widely considered the man behind the tainted ex-minister's entry into the BJP. \"Ninety per cent of the cadre and senior UP leaders, including Rajnath Singh , Uma Bharati and Kalraj Mishra are dead against Kushwaha's entry and waiting for a chance to react,\" Singh, who was suspended after he made his statement, claimed.The leader hinted that he was in touch with leaders and workers who were finalising an effective counter-strategy. \"The BJP had committed a similar blunder inducting western UP don DP Yadav just ahead of 2002 assembly election,\" Singh said. Yadav was shown the door within 24 hours after then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee expressed his displeasure. \"A similar response now could save the party from an impending disaster.\"The Kushwaha episode has considerably dampened saffron spirits here. \"It is quite a fall from the moral high BJP enjoyed during Anna agitation,\" a party MLA said. He recalled how till a month ago the state leadership had only one winning strategy - \"cashing in on the support to the anti-corruption crusader. Taking in the most tainted of Maya's ministers who not only cornered the lion's share of the NRHM loot but also happens to be a suspect in the two CMOs' murders, has crashed the party's prospect this time,\" he said.Another old party hand from Bundelkhand faulted the party's thinking that the former minister would attract Kushwaha votes in the region. \"Babu Singh Kushwaha was never known as a mass leader. He began as a grass-roots worker and was confined to Mayawati's household. Nominated as an MLC and minister by the BSP supremo, he has never contested an election in his life. He was just a fund manager for Behanji, dumped after he began parking some for his own clan. So, what kind of support do we expect from such a rank fixer,\" he asked.A section in the BJP explained away the episode as manifestation of a tug-of-war between backward leaders -Uma Bharati and Vinay Katiyar. Katiyar, a former party president and MP from Ayodhya, has not liked the way the top leadership has para-dropped former MP CM Uma Bharati.\"Consistently sidelined on home turf, this is his way of proving his utility to Delhi leaders,\" one of them claimed. Katiyar might have won a battle, but has lost a war, a senior leader who had participated in Rajnath Singh's Jan Swabhiman Yatra to drum up support for the party, summed up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370212", "title": "Hawker menace chokes hospitals", "text": "KOLKATA: It's not just SSKM Hospital that had been turned into a hawking zone. Unauthorized stalls, squatters, beggars and sundry other encroachers continue to occupy government hospital premises and their vicinity, across the city. They have blocked pavements along the hospital boundaries, narrowed down their entrances and keep littering the compounds.A couple of hospitals even have permanent hawker stalls selling food and tea, including one which shares space with a police outpost at the Chittaranjan National Medical College. The rule framed under the National Hawker Policy specifies that food stalls will not be permitted along hospital boundaries, though they could be set up on the opposite pavement. Only water and \"items for patients' use\" could be sold.Walking into the Chittaranjan National Medical College could be hazardous. The pavement along CIT Road remain clogged with stalls selling a wide variety of street food including biryani, rolls, tadka and roti. There are about ten jostling for space on the CIT Road pavement which extend right up to the main entrance of the hospital.The adjacent Gora Chand Road pavement has a row of more than 30 stalls. Those entering the hospital on foot have no choice but to walk along the thoroughfare. Cars and ambulances find it dificult to negotiate the narrow entrance.As if this was not enough, the hospital even has a permanent tea and snack stall that shares space with a police outpost. There's an authorized food stall next door, the first-floor of which is reserved for doctors. Some hospital employees argue that since it's too expensive, hawker stalls help patients' families to buy food at cheaper rates. All, however, don't agree.Ratan Malakar, who carried his ailing nephew to the hospital on Wednesday afternoon, felt the stalls should be demolished immediately. \"They are not just an eyesore, but risky as well. I had to walk along the main road even as I was carrying my nephew for there's no space on the pavement,\" he said. Several food stalls on the pavement use LPG cylinders.Stall-owners said there has been about a 40% increment in the number of hawkers over the last three years.NRS Medical College Hospital is a veritable street-food market. A serpentine row of food stalls, selling every conceivable snack vie for your attention on the APC Road pavement . From Chinese platters to naan rotis and from fruits to biryani, you can pick from a wide offering. The pavement remains littered with food scraps and paper cups. There's no unauthorized stall inside the hospital gates, though.But doctors and employees pointed out that the hospital toilets are used by around 90 hawkers who sell their wares on the pavement. Some even tap hospital electric lines and often choke the sewers with their litter.\"Another major concern is the hygiene. The major share of the vast quantity of food sold by them are consumed by patients and their families. It's far from desirable. At the same time, we need to provide food to those who visit hospitals. An option could be to have a restricted number of hawkers with licenses who would be accountable for the quality of food they sell,\" said Subir Ganguly, oncologist at NRS.Thwe NRS pavement didn't have more than 50 hawkers till 2009, said Shaktiman Ghosh, general secretary of the Hawker Sangram Committee. \"They have been allowed to proliferate. We have never let food hawkers squat on hospital pavements. Had the police and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation played their roles, this could have been prevented,\" said Ghosh.RG Kar Hospital is a free trading zone for food hawkers. And the pavement running around its premises is still up for grabs. Around a dozen selling tea, biscuits, cakes, fruits, rice and other food items have encroached the pavement. Here, too, LPG cylinders and stoves are freely used. The periphery still has unoccupied space.\"We hope we don't get more hawkers on the pavement. As it is, they dirty the pavements and keep infiltrating the premise. We always have to be on guard and throw them out. More importantly, the stalls have narrowed down the entrance which is risky,\" said Ajay Ray, hospital superintendent.Calcutta Medical College Hospital has less than a dozen food stalls at its gates. It's the only hospital where hawking is done as per rule. Only fruits are sold on the hospital pavement along College Street. There are just three of them. The rear gate has around four selling food and tea, though.\"We have enough food kiosks inside the hospital. Food stalls at hospital gates are indeed hazardous. We are lucky to have fewer stalls, but the civic authorities and the police must be on guard,\" said Siddhartha Chakrabarty, suprintendent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372445", "title": "Kanpur Zoo to exchange Thamin deer pair for Sikka", "text": "KANPUR: The Kanpur Zoo would soon be the proud owner of a pair of Sikka deer within a week's time. It will hand over a pair of Thamin deer to the Jaipur Zoo in return for the Sikka deer pair.This exchange process would increase the number of Sikka deer to five at the Kanpur zoo. At present, there are two female and one male Sikka deer. As the male deer has become senile, the authorities of Kanpur Zoo decided to introduce a new blood line. For this,the exchange of the animal became important. Also, the Central Zoo Authority promotes the animal exchange programme. Under this programme, the zoos are required to exchange animals and make them breed. This in turn helps in increasing the population of the animals especially the endangered ones.Talking to TOI, director, Kanpur Zoo, Praveen Rao said: \"The pair of Thamin is being transported to Jaipur Zoo via road route tonight. In the next four-five days, the pair of Sikka deer would reach Kanpur Zoo.\" Rao said four people, including zoo veterinarian RK Singh, senior forester and two assistants are accompanying the animals. He also said necessary medicines and fodder have also been kept for the transit.Zoo director said the Sikka deer or the Japanese deer was on the brink of extinction in all areas except Japan, where the species is overabundant. Its name comes from 'Shika', the Japanese word for 'deer'.It is also worth mentioning here that after giving away a pair of Thamin to Jaipur zoo, the Kanpur zoo would be left with 18 Thamins. Thamin, or brow-antlered deer, is also an endangered species found mainlynear Loktak lake in Manipur. The deer are generally of medium size and are similar to size and shape of Barasingha. Their numbers have been fast declining and thus, they have been placed in the schedule I of the Wildlife Act, 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11368733", "title": "Mahagenco to erect coal washery in CSTPS", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: After years of consideration, Mahagenco has agreed to erect a coal washery of its own in Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station here (CSTPS). An additional small capacity power generation unit would also come up which would be run with the help of reject coal from washery.This biggest Power Station was under scanner for failure in capacity utilization. For better generation, CSTPS had obtained the services of private coal washeries to wash part of the coal they require.However, after private washeries failed to comply with the agreed quality of combustible coal, their contract was cancelled last year. MP Hansraj Ahir and former MP Naresh Puglia had repeatedly raised the demand of erecting its own coal washery. However, Mahagenco officers kept denying.However, after recent visit of power minister Ajit Pawar, the issue of erecting its own washery in CSTPS got a momentum. A team of officers from CSTPS was sent to China to study their pattern of power generation where power plants themselves wash their coal for better generation. A consultant agency was given the responsibility to study the feasibility of erecting a coal washery in CSTPS premises.Recently, the agency had given its report stating that a coal washery of 50,000 tonnes capacity per day could be erected on CSTPS premises. After necessary discussion, power minister gave a final nod to the plans of erecting the washery during the last winter session, sources said.CSTPS is one of the biggest power stations in the country having an installed generation capacity of 2,340 MW. It uses 40,000 metric tonne (MT) coal per day for power generation. The coal is supplied from more than 10 different coal mines and even 10% of needed coal is imported by the power plant. Two more expansion units having total generation capacity are coming up which will take the total generation capacity to 3,350 MW per day.The expansion projects would further enhance the coal requirement by 15 MT and plant would need 55 MT coal per day once the two expansion units starts functioning. In light of high requirement of coal and pressure to perform better, Mahagenco has decided to install its own coal washery having capacity of washing 50,000 MT coal per day.PRO Yogesh Waghmare said that CSTPS is going to erect its own coal washery. He said that the washery would be of 50,000 MT capacity and it would be erected in area between CHP-1 and CHP-2 in coal yard of the plant.\"The matter is in initial stages. Now that Mahagenco has cleared the project, a consultant would be appointed to finalize the design of washery based on the quality of coal supplied to the plant from different mines. The process could take more than six months. Only after design and estimate is ready the actual erection of washery would begin,\" he said.Mahagenco is also going to erect a small generation unit in CSTPS which would be run on reject coal of coal washery. At least 10% (5,000 MT) of reject coal is expected from the coal washery. Instead of selling this coal in market, the company would use it for power generation. Waghmare said that a small generation unit of around 100-150 MW capacity based on fluidized bed combustion technology will be erected to utilize reject coal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11374589", "title": "Geetanjali students protest poor result", "text": "BHOPAL: Angry over alleged poor results, students of BSc first semester in Geetanjali College on Wednesday staged a dharna to register their protest. The situation turned a bit tense when a few students, carrying kerosene-filled bottles, threatened to commit suicide on the college campus. The girl students, all from BSc first semester, also raised slogans against the college management. \"They failed students in Hindi. We have never failed in Hindi at school level. We cannot accept their result,\" Saroj Ahirwar, a student alleged.In mathematics, only 40% students cleared the exam. In chemistry and zoology, 45% students passed. \"We demand a review of results. It is the matter of future,\" said another student, Abha Raikwar. She claimed parents were not allowing some students entry into house after they were declared fail. Students threatened they would take a path of violence if their grievances were not redressed.Realising the situation, the autonomous college authorities went into a huddle and held an emergency meeting. \"We have gone through the result. I do not think there is a problem. It is a normal result, but students are unnecessarily making it an issue,\" said Geetanjali College principal Dolly Malhotra. However, she assured to review the result once more.She said most of the girl students who took admission in the college had a poor academic background. \"Most of girls from surrounding areas passed their school exam through supplementary,\" Malhotra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11368860", "title": "PWD pulls down DMK leader's building on encroached land", "text": "COIMBATORE: Public Works Department (PWD) officials on Wednesday pulled down a building owned by M Siva alias Meenkadai Siva, a close aide of former DMK minister Pongalur N Palanisamy.A local court had recently ordered that the building constructed on encroached land near Singanallur Lake in the city be demolished. The building was used to store fish caught from the lake. Siva, who has been booked in many land grab cases, is currently out on bail.\"Siva encroached five cents of land 10 years ago and constructed a building. After getting an order from Madras high court, we demolished the building with the help of revenue, corporation and police officials,\" said PWD assistant executive engineer P Kandasamy.Pongalur and former deputy mayor N Karthik and a few DMK activists were at the site when the officials arrived to pull down the structure. They left soon but a few supporters of Siva tried to protest the action. They too dispersed after the police warned them of arrest.According to sources, officials had tried to demolish the building in 2001 after AIADMK won office. But Siva got an interim injection order from the high court. Three months ago, PWD officials got the stay removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11370503", "title": "Below Antarctic sea, a lost world of unknown species", "text": "LONDON: British scientists have discovered what they claim is a \"lost world\" of unknown species nearly 8,000 feet deep on sea floor off the coast of Antarctica - kept alive by undersea volcanoes.A team from Oxford and Southampton universities and the British Antarctic Survey says it was exploring off the coast of Antarctica and found colonies of marine life, including crabs, an octopus and starfish totally new to science, living in the murky depths.The reason their existence is remarkable is that they were found on top of undersea volcanoes called hydrothermal vents, which pump out plumes of black smoke causing temperatures to rise to 380\u00b0C - hot enough to melt lead. With no sunshine there, they live in complete darkness but the creatures get their energy from breaking down highly toxic chemicals found in the smoke, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The most numerous of the two dozen new species found is a type of \"yeti crab\" around 16cm long, which was piled in huge heaps of up to 600 animals near the vents. Unlike other crabs it has a dense mat of hair on its chest which it is thought to use to grow bacteria to eat.The team also discovered an unknown type of octopus they believe is a new species and a seven-armed starfish, and barnacles, clusters of snails and sea anemones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372226", "title": "Man run over by city bus", "text": "KANPUR: A 59-year-old Air Force employee was reportedly killed in a road mishap under Chakeri police station on Wednesday. The incident took place at Ramadevi Crossing on GT Road while Ram Chandra of Juhi Canal was trying to cross the road when he was hit by a city bus.The driver however managed to escape from the mishap site along with the vehicle. Ram Chandra, who fell on the road, suffered serious head injuries. He was rushed to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital where he succumbed to wounds.The police later rushed to the spot and sent the body for postmortem. An FIR has been lodged against the unidentified driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11368515", "title": "CFO slaps private firm with penalty of Rs 500 per day", "text": "NAGPUR: Fire department has slapped a private firm with a penalty of Rs 500 per day for delaying the delivery of two fire tenders, it was fabricating for the department.The Solapur-based Devi Fire Service (DFS), which was supposed to deliver the fire tenders in September, has still not done so. Recently, the chief fire officer wrote to DFS informing of the fine.Sources said NMC had entrusted the firm with the job of fabricating six fire tenders at a cost of Rs 81 lakh. As per agreement, the company was supposed to deposit a bank guarantee. The firm had informed the NMC it would fabricate the bodies on six chassis in three phases. In July 2011, the firm took two chassis and was supposed to complete the work in September but it failed, the source added.As per the agreement, the department can now deduct Rs 500 for each day of delay since September 7. Sources said, later the company assured to deliver the two tenders in January. Meanwhile, NMC has finalized a local firm for fabrication of the other small tenders, for which the firm will be paid Rs 39.93 lakh.Disgruntled with NMC's casual approach, the fire department, which is already having a hard time handling the outdated equipments, questioned the delay by the corporation in assigning the fabrication job of the remaining 6 chassis. They pointed out that often they have to faced public's wrath as outdated tenders were unable to either reach on time or put out fires properly because of breakdowns. The city has around 26 fire tenders of which 20 are 25 years old and virtually over the hill.Moreover, the fire department had submitted a proposal to the then municipal commissioner, Aseem Gupta demanding disposal of the 20 outdated tenders, one hearse van, three jeeps and four motorcycles.According to the proposal, the fire department has urged the civic chief to discard seven fire tenders, one hearse van, three jeeps and four motorcycles for the financial year 2010-2011. Similarly, for 2011-2012, permission has been sought to discard the remaining 13 fire tenders which have been declared unfit. But still the department is forced to use unfit tenders.The department has 26 fire tenders, two fire tankers, three small tankers, one foam tender, one hydraulic platform, three emergency tenders, nine jeeps, five ambulances, three hearse vans and nine motorcycles (61 vehicles). Gupta had given his nod to discard these vehicles in phases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370768", "title": "Walkathon for traffic safety in city today", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 3,000 persons, mainly youths, have died in road accidents in the last five years. So Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS), in association with state traffic department and Shubham Soti Foundation, will organise a walkathon to spread awareness against rash driving on Thursday.The walkathon will begin from Shaheed Smarak at 11.30 am and culminate into a small event at KD Singh Babu Stadium.A quiz contest on traffic will be organised for the participants of the walkathon.Shubham Soti Foundation, a private organisations, would felicitate six employees of the state traffic department to recognise their contribution in spreading traffic and road safety awareness among the masses.Incidentally, the event falls in the National Traffic Safety Week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369832", "title": "Carmakers smile in city, frown elsewhere", "text": "GURGAON: There was some good news from Gurgaon for carmakers in 2011 even as the decline in car sales across India was significant.Records accessed by TOI shows the sale of cars in the district fell only by 5.4% in comparison to 2010. Though the number of luxury vehicles sold was also relatively less, people bought a good number of BMWs, Audis, Mercs and Skoda Superb .Sources in the district administration in Gurgaon said that the total number of vehicles registered in the district increased only by 3% in 2011 as compared to the corresponding period of 2010. Data available with TOI shows that the growth story continued despite a fall in car registration because of a substantial rise in the number of two-wheelers registered in the district.While 37,711 four-wheelers were registered in 2010, it had dropped to 35,684 between January and December 2011. The volume of two-wheelers sold increased by 11.6 % in 2011 in comparison to the previous year.A senior government official said that there was also a fall in the number of luxury cars sold in the district despite the land prices going up. Records show that only 2,800 luxury cars (pricing above Rs 20 lakh) were registered in the district in 2011 in comparison to 3,200 in 2010. These include expensive cars such as BMWs, Audis, Mercedes, Toyotas, Jaguar and Porsche .According to market experts, the overall drop in the number of vehicles registered could be attributed to the slight improvement in the modes of public transport between Delhi and Gurgaon since the Metro started. \"Secondly, many buyers who had booked Maruti cars could not get those vehicles in time because of the prolonged labour unrest in the company's plant in Manesar,\" said one of the insiders.Sources also said that the volatile market conditions also contributed to the fall in the sale of cars in the entire district. \"It seems people have become wiser and they are investing more in gold than on an additional expensive car. People who were earlier selling land and were buying cars have become wiser,\" said a car showroom owner, who did not wish to be named. He added that the frequent fuel price hike could also have discouraged people from going in for this expensive mode of transportation. However, rural Gurgaon and the average class of private and government employees seem to have pushed the sale of two-wheelers in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11368892", "title": "Movie on Sarabjit's sister to hit floor in February", "text": "AMRITSAR: She fought a tough battle for her brother Sarabjit Singh, who is lodged in a jail in Lahore and facing death penalty. And now, a local filmmaker, Inderjit Singh, has decided to make a movie on the life story of this gutsy woman, Dalbir Kaur. The silver screen project would be titled 'Sarhadein - Ik Sachi Gatha'.Inderjit said Dalbir had got international recognition due to her endeavours for her brother.Talking to mediapersons, he said his main focus would be on empowerment of women. \"Dalbir Kaur has set a great example of valour and boldness for women,\" he said. He added that the budget of film would be above Rs 3 crore and its production would be started in the end of February. It would be a Punjabi film and might also be dubbed in Hindi.The production team is still in the search of fresh face, who can play Dalbir Kaur. \"It will be the blend of emotions and bravery, so we will prefer theatre artists for the role\" said Inderjit. He also said that they would try to add some real-life clips of Sarabjit Singh and Dalbir Kaur to the film.Dalbir said, \"We want everyone to take a stand and fight for what is right. Gender doesn't matter if your determination is firm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "allahabad ", "code": "11374204", "title": "GRP arrests two thugs, seizes 1kg toxic powder", "text": "ALLAHABAD : The Government Railway Police on Wednesday arrested two thugs involved in drugging and robbing passengers from platform number 10 of Allahabad junction. The police also seized 1kg toxic powder, ATM cards, foreign passports and dollars from their possession.The thugs were identified as Mohd Firoz, a native of Kaushambhi, and Mohd Afroz alias Kalloo, a native of Bihar.Inspector, GRP, Allahabad, Devendra Mishra said Mohd Firoz had been running his gang for the past three years and his gang had robbed over 60 passengers on Delhi-Bihar route.Inspector added that Firoz was carrying a reward of Rs 10,000 on his head.GRP said Firoz's gang has 16 members and they operate on train and buses routes. While eight members are already in jail, the remaining are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371461", "title": "HC lawyers to skip from work on Jan 9", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court lawyers have decided to abstain from work on January 9 in protest against near collapse of stamp reporting in the high court resulting in undue delay in disposal of cases thereby causing harassment to both lawyers and litigants. In the absence of stamp reporting, cases are not listed even after two-three weeks of their filing.Patna High Court Advocates' Association president Yogesh Chandra Verma said,\" Stamp reporting has virtually collapsed at Patna high court. While the high court's administration has been duly informed of it time and again, no action has been taken by the administration in this regard so far.\"Stamp reporting means whenever a fresh application is filed in the high court, a section of staff go through the application to ascertain whether the application is in consonance with the high court rules. Earlier, it took two-three days to conduct the check. Verma said this resulted in cases not being listed even after two-three weeks of their filing. This causes undue delay in disposal of cases resulting in harassment to the lawyers and litigants alike, he added.Even the daily Cause List containing cases to be taken up every day are not delivered to the lawyers on time, Verma alleged adding as a result the lawyers get little time to do their homework. He said even after bringing the case diary, it takes six months for the case to be posted for hearing.However, the staff deployed in stamp reporting section attributes the delay to the shortage of staff and lack of infrastructure for stamp reporting. Sometime, correction in the application, too ,causes delay, they say.However, Bihar Bar Council chairman Baleshwar Sharma said the call to abstain from work was not given by the bar council. \"The decision is purely the internal matter of the high court lawyers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370972", "title": "Congress, NCP join hands for civic polls", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Wednesday decided in principle to contest the civic elections jointly after over a decade, mainly to dislodge the saffron combine that has been ruling the civic body for 15 years.\"We have agreed in principle to contest the elections to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) jointly. We are meeting again in a day or two to finalize the seatsharing formula. We are sure an amicable formula will be drafted. We are determined to dislodge the saffron combine,'' Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee president Manikrao Thakre told TOI.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, Thakre, industries minister Narayan Rane and Mumbai Regional Congress Committee president Kripashankar Singh had marathon discussions with senior NCP leaders like deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal and state NCP president Madhukar Pichad for the second consecutive day. Later in the night, NCP president and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar had prolonged deliberations with senior party cabinet members and party officebearers to take stock of the situation following announcement of civic and zilla parishad polls.Thakre said it was decided to contest civic polls in Mumbai, Thane, Ulhasnagar, Nashik, Akola, Amravati and Nagpur jointly, but there will not be any electoral understanding in Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and Solapur. \"In Solapur, the Congress refused to join hands with the NCP, in Pimpri-Chinchwad the NCP declined,while in Pune activists of both parties made it clear there should not be an electoral understanding,'' Thakre said.If the Congress and NCP reach a final understanding to contest jointly, it will be for the first time since the latter's inception. \"Since we have a common goal to defeat the saffron combine, we are sure the Congress and NCP will join hands in the civic polls,'' Thakre said.On Republican Party of India leader Ramdas Athavale's decision to team up with the saffron combine, Thakre said that from the outcome of the recent elections to municipal councils, he did not think there was threat to the Congress-NCP alliance.A senior Congress minister said the NCP sought 65 seats but the Congress offered 50. The meeting discussed a formula for seat-sharing. The Congress felt the outcome of the last elections should be the basis of the formula, but the NCP disagreed. Sharad Pawar may step in to resolve the issue as it has already been decided to contest the polls jointly. \"Pawar and Chavan will sort out the row,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370659", "title": "Bus conductor wins 16-year salary battle", "text": "CHENNAI: The 16-year salary battle of a government bus conductor, dismissed from service in 1983 for having collected a ticket fare of Rs 1.20 but failed to issue ticket to a passenger, is set to end, thanks to the intervention of the Madras high court.Justice K Chandru, directing the Coimbatore unit of TNSTC to pay the monetary benefits to S Chellamuthu, who retired from service in 2006, said if the money was not paid before February 2, contempt of court proceedings would be initiated against the authorities.The petitioner's counsel George Williams told the court that though Chelladurai was reinstatedin servicein 1996,his salary was never revised by the authorities, who claimed that a writ appeal against his reinstatement orders had been filed. When Chelladurai retired from service in 2006, the full settlement could not be made, as he was receiving only the pre-1996 salary till then. Later, it came to light that the authorities did file a writ appeal, but it was returned by the court section in October 2005 itself.In the absence of an appeal, the authorities cannot hide behind the argument that since an appeal is pending they need not revise Chelladurai's salaries, justice Chandru said. The amtter is adjourned to February 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370391", "title": "New modus operandi by traders to evade VAT duty", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat commercial tax officials have unveiled a new modus operandi to evade tax which the department suspects is practiced by many agro-commodity traders in the state. The officials have found that many traders, with help of farmers and bogus papers, evade VAT duty on agro commodities like groundnut and others which are used for oil extraction.VAT officials said that many traders do not show the purchase of the products which are sold without bill after processing. The officials on Tuesday cracked down on 19 groundnut traders in Vyara and Mangrol where officials suspect large-scale VAT evasion has been done using this modus operandi.\"Truck loads of such agro-commodities enter the state along with a farmer. When intercepted at the check-post, this farmer would say that the truck is carrying produce from his farm which he is taking to an agricultural mandi. In many cases, a trader's man would impersonate himself as a farmer when caught. But actually the consignment is for the trader who would not show his purchase and would sell the product in the market after processing it,\" said a senior commercial tax official.Officials said that during operations carried out on traders in Vyara, it has been found that many of them bring groundnut consignments from Rajasthan this way to evade the five per cent tax.\"At almost all the places raided during those operations, we have found large discrepancies in the actual stock of groundnut and the one shown in account books. The operation is likely to continue till Thursday as we suspect large-scale tax evasion by these traders,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11369814", "title": "Bhandari Samaj to give CM a run for his money", "text": "MARGAO: In a development that can potentially upset the power equations in chief minister Digambar Kamat's home constituency, the Bhandari Samaj from Margao, has decided to assert its strength in the upcoming assembly polls. Towards that end, community members have begun the spadework for fielding its own candidate to contest against Kamat, sources said.The recent resignation of the vice-president of the Margao block Congress committee, Avinash Shirodkar, from the primary membership of the Congress party was an indicator of the disenchantment of the community. Shirodkar is also a councillor of the Margao Municipal Council ( MMC) and general secretary of the Salcete Bhandari Samaj association.A visible majority in the state's Hindu community, the Bhandari Samaj constitutes over 30% of the electorate in Margao.Speaking to TOI, Shirodkar confirmed that the community was resolute in fielding its candidate in Margao and that names of a few prospective candidates are doing the rounds. Shirodkar acknowledged that he would be willing to contest if the members of the association reposed faith in him, but hastened to add that he would support any candidate fielded by the Samaj. Sources in the Bhandari Samaj however said that they were yet undecided about which party to contest on, or whether to field an independent candidate.Pradip Naik, a Margao-based builder is also among the front runners for candidature. Naik, when contacted, confirmed that he was keen to contest the elections if fielded by \"like-minded\" groups but expressed his aversion to caste-based affiliations. He also exuded confidence that \"right-thinking people\" would rally in support of the candidate fielded by \"like-minded groups\" against the Congress party in Margao. Accusing the chief minister of using the lower strata of the minority community to inflate his vote bank, Naik charged him with \"distorting the communal fabric of society.\"\"If this continues, the people of Margao will have to suffer its long-term ill-effects,\" Naik said.On the reasons for his resignation from the Congress, Shirodkar said that he was disgusted with the state of affairs in the city-rising crime graph, overflowing garbage , encroachments in Gandhi market et al. \"The chief minister has failed in bringing about any worthwhile development in Margao. Anti-social elements are seen lurking around slum areas which has rendered Margao unsafe for the common man. If such things are allowed to continue, in the near future, things will turn out to be disastrous for Margao. The Bhandari Samaj has decided to vote for a change as the chief minister has shown no consideration towards this community,\" he said.Nevertheless, a section of the Bhandari samaj community, has pledged its \"unwavering\" support to the chief minister. \"The chief minister has provided jobs to many from this community. We are strongly behind the chief minister,\" Gopal Naik, 2nd vice-president of the Margao block Congress, director of SB/OBC corporation, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372929", "title": "Shruti dares to defy family norm", "text": "When Shruti Jain put her hand into the IT pie in 2002 by starting her own company, the odds were against her. She was in her early 20s, from a family of hosiery businessmen who knew anything about handling an IT company and the sector was not even doing very well in the city. But now when anyone looks at her they marvel at her futuristic thought.The only child of hosiery businessman Naveen K Jain, 34-year-old Shruti said she dared to defy the norm and aspired to make it big in IT sector in a city known for its world class hosiery, iron and steel industry. \"I was born in Agra and stayed there till 1986, when we moved to the city. After my masters in economics and honours diploma in computer programming, I wanted to have my own IT company because I had always wanted to etch out my own identity. Initially, I worked for a year-and-a-half with a computer institute to gain experience and learn the ins and out of the IT sector. In 2002, I started my own company called CyberXel. My one aim was to give excellent online solutions and consultation to the industry. I did not take any financial support from my family,\" said Shruti.She added that initially her work was not appreciated because online business was not at all popular with the local market. \"Now when every business house, school or college needs it, we have become a leading web development company. We have completed 400 projects in India and abroad and people tell me that I was ahead of my times and could predict the future,\" said Shruti.Though the concept was very fresh for her family they backed her unswervingly. Not one to sit back and relax, Shruti she wants to work towards improving education in Ludhiana and also wants to make Ludhiana a hub of IT services like it is for hosiery, iron and steel products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11372913", "title": "Blazing start to Red bandh", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Ahead of their two-day Odisha bandh call from Wednesday, Maoists damaged at least three mobile towers in Ganjam district's Baragada police station area on Tuesday night.Police sources said around 20 to 25 Red rebels set fire to the towers belong to BSNL and a private cellular operator at Goudagotha and Baroda villages along the Maoist-infested Ganjam-Kandhamal-Gajapati borders. They, however, could not confirm whether the same group carried out all the attacks.This time, however, the Maoists did not blow up the towers by explosives. Instead, they brunt the cables by using the husk and kerosene, a senior police officer said.The left-wing ultras also pasted several posters at the attack sites, appealing to people to make the Odisha bandh success. The posters also protested against Operation Green Hunt and the alleged arrest of the innocent tribals by police in the name of being Maoists.This was the second major Maoist attack in Ganjam in the last 20 days. The Red rebels had blown up three mobile towers at Asurabandha and two at Gajalabadi in the Sorada police station area on December 16.Even though there were no reports of any casualty or injuries in the Maoist attacks, locals are in a state of panic with the latest incident. Security has been tightened in the area after the attacks, police said.Meanwhile, life in parts of southern Odisha was affected due to the Maoist bandh. While vehicles stayed off their routes in several places in Ganjam and Kandhamal districts, shops and business establishments downed their shutters in Daringibadi, Bramhanigaon and Kotagarh areas in Kandhamal district. The Maoists blocked the road at Baimela near Daringibadi, police said.\"There was no untoward incident reported by the ultras in our area\" said inspector in charge (Daringibadi) S K Gantayat.While private bus operators stopped plying their vehicles, the state-owned Orissa State Road Transport Corporation (OSRTC) decided not to ply their long-route buses in Koraput and Malkanagiri.A senior OSRTC official in Berhampur, A M Mishra, said, \"We have stopped operating almost all our buses bound for Koraput and Malkanagiri via Gumuda in Rayagada district from Wednesday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11372865", "title": "US body comes scouting for talents", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Coinciding with the 99th Indian Science Congress, the US-India Educational Foundation (USIEF) is making efforts to attract scientists and other professionals to explore opportunities under the prestigious Fulbright Program, which deals with international educational exchange.\"The Indian Science Congress offers a great opportunity for making professionals, especially scientists, young researchers in science and students aware about the Fulbright Program,\" senior program manager (Indian program), USIEF, Dr Sudarsan Dash told TOI on Wednesday. \"We are reaching out to different sections by making presentations and delivering talks at the congress about various scholarships and grants available under the Fulbright Program. We are mentoring interested individuals on how to apply and what to expect,\" he added.Scholars and professionals from Odisha have not made it to the Fulbright Program in a big way, with around 80 of the over 8500 Indians who have been part of the program, including the Fulbright-Nehru fellowships, since it started in 1950, belonging to the eastern state. \"But things have improved since the turn of the millennium and around 20 from Odisha have been selected. Applicants from Odisha are emerging as strong contenders for the program. Odisha figures among top 10 states of India going by last 10 years' data,\" Dash informed.Deputy director, USIEF, Diya Dutt, said since 2008 the funding for Fulbright Program has increased by three times with the US and Indian governments contributing in equal measure. \"We want more and more people to apply for the program, especially from underserved states including Odisha,\" she added.Regional officer, USIEF, Shevanti Narayan, said fellowships for the 2013-14 academic year will be announced in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11368808", "title": "1.96 lakh to take AIEEE in 2nd yr of online test", "text": "MUMBAI: The numbers of students opting for the computer-based All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) has jumped from a mere 4,900 last year to around 1.96 lakh this year. However, as part of the Central Board of Secondary Education's (CBSE) move to encourage more students to opt for the computer-based test this year, it did not have any centres for paper/pen test (offline exam) in 22 major cities in the country, including Mumbai, Delhi, Bengaluru and Kolkata. Several students who are not confident about the computer-based testing have now opted for exam centres in neighbouring smaller cities or satellite towns in order to avoid it.AIEEE is one of the largest entrance exams conducted across the country by CBSE, with more than 10 lakh students aspiring to take the test every year. While last year, around 11.13 lakh students applied for the exam, this year the numbers of applications received by the board is around 13 lakhs, almost a 16 % rise. This was the first year that CBSE made online application compulsory for all offline and online takers of examination. In the second year of implementation of the online exam, the total numbers of students taking the online exam has risen from 4% last year to 15% this year of the total numbers of applications.CBSE spokesperson, Rama Sharma, \"Last year, there was no problem in the implementation of the online exam. Though the numbers were less, it was conducted in a smooth manner. This year, more students have opted for it. The test scores of AIEEE are accepted by several institutes in the country and therefore the overall demand also is high.\" Several students are worried about the online application process as their pages are not confirmed. Sharma, however, said that the information uploaded is being processed and therefore will take time to show confirmation. \"Students have time till January 10 to make corrections in their forms if they need to,\" added Sharma.However, not all students are confident about the computer-based testing. According to Aakash Chaudhry, director of Aakash Institute, which runs coaching centres across the country, said, \"Several of my students in Delhi have opted for centres in neighbouring cities like Faridabad as they were not confident about the online test. Seeing the experience of students in Common Admission Test ( CAT) for management in the first two years, students are little worried to take the risk. Though the process will settle down in the next one or two years, students are not willing to risk their careers.\" Chaudhry believes that online examination in future might reduce malpractices that prevail in the paper/pen test.One of the students from Andheri said, \"When we were applying for the exam, we were told that for offline test, we will have to travel to Thane. If there were not enough centres in Thane, we would have to travel even further, which would have inconvenienced me on the day of the exam. So I have opted for online exam and I am hoping for the best.\" Another student from Juhu, however, said that online exam was convenient for her as it would give her more time to prepare. Offline exam would be conducted only on April 29, online can be taken from May 7 to May 26.Avnita Bir, principal of RN Podar High School, said, \"Increasing numbers of colleges have started giving preference to AIEEE scores. Therefore the numbers are increasing. These days most of the entrance exams are moving to computer-based testing, CBSE is training the students early on. It has also uploaded mock test software which will familiarise the students with the online exam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11375526", "title": "Kareena chooses Salman over other Shah Rukh", "text": "Bollywood actress Kareena Kapoor has worked with all the Khans' and we can imagine how difficult it is for her to choose one khan over other.At a recent awards function, when Kareena was asked about her favourite actor,she chooses Salman Khan over SRK.This year Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan are both nominated for best actor for 2011 for their movies Ra.One and Bodyguard respectively. And Kareena Kapoor played the ladylove in both of the films.The same was the response, when she was asked to choose the actor for this year best actor award, Chammak Challo boldly replied Salman Khan.In an earlier interview to Zoom she was asked that in which Bollywood camp you are, she said \"I am in nobody's camp; I am friendly with everyone, I am here to work who ever want to work with me.\"When everyone else choses to remain neutral, not siding with either Khan, what prompted her to choose Salman over SRK? Could this be because Salman's Bodygaurd was a bigger hit than SRK's Ra.one ?Whatever may be the reason, we can only say all the best Kareena, to deal with this situation when Shah Rukh gets to know about this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11371059", "title": "Shiv Sena for action against Ajit Pawar", "text": "PUNE: The Shiv Sena's city unit on Wednesday lodged a complaint with municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak demanding action against deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar for alleged violation of code of conduct.Pathak said they had received the complaint. \"A civic official has been asked to verify it. A report with the details will be forwarded to the state election department,\" he added.\"The code of conduct came into effect on Tuesday after the announcement of the civic election around 3 pm. However, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar performed a ground breaking ceremony for a flyover near College of Engineering Pune in Shivajinagar area,\" said Shyam Deshpande, Sena leader, on Wednesday.Deshpande, who lodged the complaint, said that any programme such as inauguration or a ground breaking ceremony can influence voters, and is a violation of election code of conduct.The NCP's city unit president Vandana Chavan said, \"Politicians who were present for the programme are senior politicians. They must have taken legal advice before attending any such programme.\"K C Karkar, who is heading the code of conduct department for the civic election, said that the complaint was being scrutinized. \"The code contains various sections and norms that should be followed during the period when it is force. We will cross check the complaint with these rules and regulations,\" he said.Karkar said that in cases of violation, the department can take suo motu action in the absence of any complaint. If there is any substance in the complaint, the Nationalist Congress Party or the candidate can face action.The department began removing advertisement banners and hoarding of political parties or aspirants after the code came into effect. The PMC has removed over 5,000 such hoardings and banners.Pathak said that the standing committee budget for school education board is likely be finalised.\"Taking any decision on this budget during the general body meeting will not be possible due to code of conduct. So the budget, which was presented by standing committee will be finalised,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369772", "title": "65 mandals sans junior colleges", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state has more junior colleges than required, but ironically, 65 mandals do not have a single college.While at present there are about 20.41 lakh Inter seats in the state, 23 lakh more are going to be added in the coming academic year - a clear case of concentration of educational institutions in major cities and towns - about 57,000 students who pass out of schools in these 65 mandals, have to travel for over 30 kms every day for their further studies.Ironically, about 12,000 of them are most likely to drop out of higher studies due to lack of colleges close at home.There are a total of 1,100 mandals in the state. A majority of the mandals where there are no junior colleges are in the Telangana region with Adilabad topping the list with nine mandals. Andhra and Rayalaseema regions put together have about 30 mandals where there are no colleges.While in some mandals the existing government and aided colleges were shut down in the recent past, in others, neither the state government nor private institutions has ventured to set up colleges. For instance, locals' request for setting up of a college in Chandampet mandal of Nalgonda district has fallen on deaf ears. In Regidi Amadalavalasa in Srikakulam district, the request for a college has been pending for the past three decades.Lectures say the 'education boom' in the state has failed to touch rural mandals. \"Though the state has given permission for setting up of new colleges it failed to lay any emphasis on these mandals, where there is a dire need for colleges. This is nothing but a clear lack of planning,\" said P Madhusudan Reddy, general secretary, AP Government Junior College Lecturers' Association.Lecturers blamed the low student turn out for this lopsided development. While there are about 10 lakh students on an average who pass out of SSC every year just about 7.5 to eight lakh join colleges.Educationists observed that these mandals remained outside the scope of the state's 'education boom' because of their poor \"business potential\".\"Most of the mandals have remained outside the educational development schemes as people here do not have good earning source. Majority in these mandals are from certain socio-economic backgrounds and are eligible for free or subsidized education. This does not support private management's business interests,\" said P Bhaskar Rao, Institute of Advanced Study in Education. Instead, the government should take initiative to set up colleges in these mandals, he opined.Though the state has issued a notification permitting setting up of 6,761 private colleges, the officials are systematically closing down government colleges in rural mandals, observers said.In the past two years, the state has closed down 500 sections in 265 government junior colleges. About 265 government colleges in various mandals where the private to government college ratio is 1:1 will face closure soon, lectures said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10715602", "title": "Tips for stress-free commute", "text": "Arguing with errant autowallahs, jostling for space in the train or bus with people lacking basic civic sense, dealing with unruly car drivers who force you in a corner to breeze past you and keeping your calm when an airline keeps you waiting without bothering to inform you a flight's cancelled.Holding yourself from lashing out can be tough. So, here are a few tips to de-stress you while you are on the go...Mind over matter Accept your commute as part of your day so that you stop driving yourself crazy. If you are consistently running late, leave earlier for work to keep your blood pressure from rising. Perception is reality; use your mind to keep you sane.Read a book Since not everyone owns a laptop or carries one while travelling, you may want to carry a book with you. Nothing compares to reading a good book on your favorite subject, so why not do it? It will engross you and make for a great timepass as well.Start a conversation Travel time is the perfect opportunity to meet new people and make friends . You can start a conversation with the person seated next to you and see if it's worth it.Soothing fragrances Perfumes and fragrances work great in de-stressing you and making you feel good. Scents like lavender help you fight migraines and sinus headaches that are becoming extremely common in our hectic lives. If you're taking the road, scent your car with lavender, vanilla, or any other scent that comforts you or go chic with auto-aroma essential oil diffusers that plug into adaptor outlets.Find your Om A train or a bus is not like a school. You won't be awarded for sitting on that seat quietly for hours. You can stand up and stretch or try doing a few neck exercises to relieve the tension. Concentrate on your breathing to improve your overall health.Stay in touch If you don't have network coverage problems, you can utilize your travelling time to either send an e-mail to your old pals whom you haven't spoken to or maybe give them a call. They will surely appreciate your gesture.Enjoy the view When you feel stress levels rising, try to focus on something positive. Look for something natural to captivate your imagination, for example the green trees or the blue sky. If your surroundings are beautiful, make sure you don't miss them. Keep your windows rolled up and the air circulating.Organize supplies If you find yourself getting delayed, plummeting blood sugars can be a major cause of increased stress levels. Keep a supply of dried fruit, nuts, bottled water, or crackers just in case. You can also munch on these to eliminate the boredom from your journey.Knitting and crocheting Socks, scarves, and even sweaters of simple pattern, are perfect to knit when travelling, as they don't require much of a pattern. See to it that you are using the right materials in the right way to ensure that you are not a nuisance to your fellow travellers.Take short naps Studies have revealed that a power-nap is very refreshing for the body. If you're travelling in a train, bus or a car and if the chair is comfortable enough, you may even sleep. Closing your eyes and relaxing for a while will give your eyes the much needed break .Fun dos If you're a crossword enthusiast, your travel is the best time to play with words. It takes quite some time to solve a puzzle, crossword or sudoku which will make the distance seem shorter. You can also watch a movie or play a game on your cell phone. If you are fond of writing, pen down your thoughts or write a poem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11369056", "title": "Why was Ferreira in jail?", "text": "The alleged Naxalite Arun Thomas Ferreira was arrested from Deekshabhoomi premises by a city police squad along with Murli alias Ashok Satya Reddy, Dhanendra Bhurle and Naresh Bansod on May 8, 2007.Murli was allegedly secretary for North Gadchiroli, Gondia and Balaghat division. Ferreira was dubbed the member of the Maharashtra State Rajya Committee of Communist Party of India ( Maoist). Bhurle and Bansod were released in September 2008.Ferreira was slapped with 11 cases registered in Nagpur, Gadchiroli, Gondia and Chandrapur but was acquitted in 10 of them. He was initially acquitted in nine cases at Chandrapur and released from jail on September 27. Gadchiroli police re-arrested Ferreira from the central jail gate naming him as accused in two cases at Purada police station. He was acquitted in one of the cases and got bail in another.Ferreira, who had posed as a sales executive, was identified by security agencies as a man instrumental in spreading Naxal ideology in urban areas especially among students and youths by organizing them under banners. He was considered a link between the guerrillas in forests and urban cadres.Police claimed Ferreira operated under pseudonyms like Sanjay Choudhari, Suresh Shukla and under different garbs in Mumbai and Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368701", "title": "Saw Unitech MD in Raja\u2019s office: Achary", "text": "NEW DELHI: After 2G spectrum allocation scam, the trial in a CWG related scam involving sacked CWG OC chief Suresh Kalmadi is also going to be fast tracked with a trial court ordering for day-to-day hearing in the case.Special CBI judge Talwant Singh also ordered that after the scrutiny of documents is over by the counsels of the accused, the case will be taken up on day-to-day basis. The court's orders came while dismissing the bail plea of five people, arrested for their alleged roles in the CWG scam. The court also dismissed the bail pleas of Joint Director General (Sports) A S V Prasad, OC's former Director General (Procurement) Surjit Lal and former treasurer M Jaychandran, Hyderabad-based AKR Construction's promoter A K Reddy and CWG OC General Secretary Lalit Bhanot.\"The bail pleas of five accused are dismissed. It is also ordered that soon after the scrutiny of documents is over, this case will be taken up on day-to-day basis,\" the judge said.The order evoked sharp concerns among lawyers, one of whom said it will be difficult for them to \"adjust the dairy\" as there are other cases like 2G spectrum case where they have to appear. The judge, however, said that after the scrutiny of documents is over, they would be given \"reasonable\" time to adjust their diaries and the case will be then taken up on day-to-day basis.\"You have to adjust, what else can be done? It is not a matter smaller than the 2G case. I have requested the Delhi High Court for reducing the burden of this court. It will be finally decided by the high court but this case will be heard on day-to-day basis,\" the judge said.The five CWG scam accused had sought bail claiming parity of their situations with the accused in the 2G case, some of them were granted bail by the Supreme Court with observation that \"the bail was rule, jail an exception\" and others by the Delhi High Court.Counsel for Bhanot, who was arrested on February 23 last year, had said that both the cases (CWG and 2G) are related to allegations of financial irregularities and are also similar in their alleged effect on society and loss to exchequer.Advocate Ramesh Gupta cited the Supreme Court and the high court judgements in the 2G case and said the higher courts had considered the nature and gravity of the case and then granted bail. \"These judgements (of the Supreme Court and the high court) are not applicable to the 2G case only. They are now law,\" he had said.The CBI had filed its first charge sheet against sacked CWG Organising Committee chief Suresh Kalmadi and 10 others on May 20, 2011 and the court had on May 23, 2011 allowed the agency to prosecute them. Besides Kalmadi, CBI had named Prasad, Lal, Jaychandran, Bhanot and former director general V K Verma as accused.It had also issued charge sheet against Faridabad-based Gem International promoters Purushottam Dev Arya and Anil Kumar Madan and Hyderabad-based AKR Construction Pvt Ltd's promoter A K Reddy on charges of criminal conspiracy, corruption, cheating and forgery. Two firms AKR Constructions and Swiss Timing were also named as accused in the case. The CBI had filed two more charge sheets in November last year against Arya, Madan and Reddy for allegedly trying to evade arrest and trial in the main graft case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369215", "title": "Raja Paranjape film fest begins today", "text": "NAGPUR: A three-day festival featuring films of actor, writer, director Raja Paranjape opens on Thursday at Scientific Society Hall, Laxmi Nagar at 2pm. Orgazised by the Raja Paranjape Pratishthan of Pune in association with the Nirzar Film Society, Nagpur, six films of Marathi cinema doyen will be screened at the festival, which will be inaugurated by actor Upendra Limaye.Raja Paranjape, a revolutionary actor and filmmaker, is referred to as first Marathi filmmaker in post-independent India and one who created an audience for Marathi cinema. Archana Rane, granddaughter of Paranjape and president of the Pratishthan, says, \"My grandfather made some 80 films in a career spanning 40 years. He is known for using remarkable techniques in an era when resources were meagre. Often called the Raj Kapoor of Marathi cinema, my grandfather in fact was ahead of that great filmmaker in the sense that even Kapoor learnt and adopted his style and techniques of filmmaking.\"The six films that are to be screened over the next three days have been converted to a digital format and will be shown through a LCD projector. The films are from 40s and early 60s.Rane adds, \"We first held a seven-day festival of his films in Pune where 10 films were shown. The response was so overwhelming that we had to repeat the shows.\" Ask her if the audience comprised mostly of people in their late 60s and 70s and she replies, \"The first shows are usually watched by an elderly crowd but later on we had to repeat the shows for a much younger audience.\"Paranjape is known for not sticking to any one particular formula. He experimented with a wide range of genres and is also credited for launching a number of actors and technicians who become stalwarts of Marathi cinema. He launched actors like Ramesh and Seema Deo, Raj Dutt and was also the first one to give a break to actor Sachin at the age of five in the film Ha Majha Marg Ekala. The child actor won a national award for his performance.Filmmaker Sanjay Surkar, who is also president of Nirzar Film Society, says the selection of films for the festival has been made to showcase the versatility of Paranjape's work. \"He was a legend and made films on social and emotional subjects, which are widely remembered and appreciated till date. His film Jagachya Pathiwar is an eternal story relevant even today.\"Crediting Paranjape with bringing grandeur and a certain class to Marathi cinema, Surkar adds, \"He was a very devoted actor and director who spent his last penny to make good films. The youngsters today should be watching these films to understand the thought process of the 50s and 60s.\"Executive president of Nirzar Film Society Sameer Nafde says, \"We have kept a nominal ticket fee of Rs 50 for all three days and have already sold 100 tickets. This festival will be a treat for cinema lovers who will get to see the rare films that are lessons in innovative techniques of filmmaking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368652", "title": "Govt allows filling of SC, ST vacancies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Mamohan Singh instructed key ministries to seriously take up the task of filling backlog vacancies of SCs, STs and OBCs, after he was told that the pending seats stand at around 50,000.The instruction came at a Cabinet meeting which took stock of the backlog. The vacancies of around 76, 000 have been brought down to 50,000 through a special drive launched in 2008.The timing of Cabinet's stocktaking, coinciding with polls in five states, especially UP, indicated that Congress was keen to use the issue as an outreach to backward sections who form a key part of the electorate. That it comes in the wake of OBC sub-quota for minorities and relief package for weavers showed the political intent.Sources said eight key ministries - railways, defence, HRD, home, finance, urban development and food - account for 90% of the backlog.The PM instructed that the government should seriously take up the initiative to wipe out the backlog, saying that \"ministries should act to fulfill their commitments\".Congress said politics should not be read into a \"good initiative\". He said Congress was engaged in fulfilling the promises made in its poll manifesto and it was only part of a series of steps taken for welfare of backward sections. He said elections took place round the year and development work could not be stopped for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369268", "title": "Skill training, job placements for 5 million urban poor in 12th Plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is set to launch a National Urban Livelihood Mission during the 12th five-year plan (2012-17) to arrest poverty in cities and towns.The urban mission, expected to cost Rs 25,000 crore, aims to ensure job opportunities for the poor living in cities and towns by imparting them skill training, capacity building and financial support. Five million people will be given skill training and placement during the Plan 12th period.The urban mission, which is framed on the basis of the experiences of Swarna Jayanti Shahari Rozgar Yojana and National Rural Livelihood Mission, will empower one million people for self-employment. One million will be covered under self-help group, and will be supported with technology, marketing, capacity building and through micro business centres.The policy, framed by the housing and urban poverty alleviation ministry, aims to meet the target of imparting skills to 500 million people by 2022 - the deadline set by Prime Minister's National Council on Skill Development. The ministry has its task cut out, with urban population swelling to 377 million in 2011 from 286 million in 2001, and around 93 million urban residents are now estimated to be slum-dwellers.\"The number of poor in cities is so large that even a small increase in their productivity in wage and self- employment will lead to massive contribution to economic growth,\" said an official, adding that this will be a big boost to government's inclusive agenda.The large chunk of underprivileged - mainly urban poor and low-income group people living in cities and towns - are on the ministry's radar. \"We are targeting the vulnerable group to bring them back in the mainstream of urban economy,\" an official said.It was viewed that the Council's target will also be met by fostering public-private initiatives in skill development and a significant part of that will be linked to the newly-emerging job opportunities in the growing urban economy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369341", "title": "CBI sets up centralized anti-human trafficking unit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has set up an anti-human trafficking unit, headquartered in the National Capital, to conduct operations against women and child traffickers and also to deal with kidnapping cases. \"This unit will be responsible for collecting, collating and analyzing data on kidnapping and abduction of people from all over India. The unit will also develop actionable intelligence to conduct operations against gangs involved in trafficking, especially of children and women for the purpose of exploitation, such as beggary and prostitution,\" CBI Spokesperson Dharini Mishra said.CBI officials said that the unit will coordinate with various state police departments and share intelligence with them. The centralized data of trafficking cases would be kept in the unit, and regular offenders would be kept under strict vigil.Any person giving information leading to arrest and criminal action against trafficking gangs would be rewarded up to Rs two lakh, Mishra added. The special crime unit would also liaise with like-minded NGOs.The agency also activated a helpline number (011-24368638), where any person, having inputs about gangs and syndicates, can give information. The government has designated all police officers of the rank of inspector and above in the CBI as Trafficking Police Officers to exercise powers of investigation under the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act and other laws dealing with sexual exploitation. Overall in-charge of this unit is additional director Saleem Ali, while joint director R P Aggarwal will supervise it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370240", "title": "CM wants special status for Presidency University", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday expressed that she was in favour of granting special status to Presidency University. She also announced that five professor chairs at Presidency would be named after five state luminaries.\"We want institutions in West Bengal to do well, and we may as well consider special status for Presidency, and there is need for funds for the institution,\" the CM said. Harvard professor and chairman of the mentor committee, Sugato Bose, had called on the CM on Monday evening, and these were part of the discussions, said officials.Mamata said that a discussion was currently on for Presidency's proposed special status. She said Jadavpur University had recently got Rs 50 crore from the Centre and even Bengal Engineering and Science University (BESU) is demanding Central status, adding that \"even Presidency requires money\".This is in line with the suggestions given by the mentor group. According to a report submitted by the mentor group to the state government, though Presidency is a state university, it should be given a special status, given that it is a \"crown jewel\" of institutions of higher education in Bengal.Also, that in addition to the state government's resources and the university's own fund generation, a proposal should be sent for substantial capital grant from the Centre. Many radical changes were suggested, saying that a special status would help attract the best academics, who cannot be expected to come to teach at Presidency without a good compensation package.With the chief minister also feeling the same about the \"special status\", the chances of Presidency getting the tag becomes much more easier now.The CM also announced that following the mentor group's suggestion, the government was approving the proposal for four chairs of professorship in the names of Jagadish Chandra Bose (on natural sciences), Rabindranath Tagore (on literature and cultural studies), Swami Vivekananda (on philosophy) and Subhas Chandra Bose (on economics, political science and history).And the state government in addition, had decided on its own to create another chair in the name of poet and revolutionary Nazrul Islam. This had already been passed on to the higher education secretary.A chair at a university is a professorship - while some professorships are named, either after a founder or donor or a luminary in order to commemorate someone, a named chair is more prestigious than one without a name.Asked whether the same would be done in other universities, the CM said the state government would decide on these issues once state higher education minister Bratya Basu is back in town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370186", "title": "Audience-performer harmony resounds", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Like a demanding yet passionate lover, Raga Bageshri can be emotionally exhausting. The raga was first heard at the 32nd season of the Saptak Music Festival on Sunday, during the recital of Pandits Rajan and Sajan Mishra. The Banaras Gharana stalwarts provoked Bageshri to display all its impulses - sobriety, tenderness, elation and promiscuity.On the third day of the festival, Tuesday, the raga's flaming enchantments once again coursed through the Saptak venue, Amrut Mody School of Management. Bageshri's whims were fulfilled on this occasion by the sitar maestro of the Etawah Gharana, Ustad Shahid Parvez.Why are masters held in the raga's thrall? \"Bageshri affords great scope for elaboration, particularly in the opening movement,\" said Pandit Vishwamohan Bhatt, the Mohan Veena legend. \"The raga exemplifies seriousness and 'Vairagya', which means dispassion and renunciation. At the same time, it can sparkle with romance or 'Shringar', and joy.\" Pandit Bhatt said that musicians who successfully navigate through the raga's moodiness, reach the summit of artistic contentment. Midway through Ustad Parvez's performance, it became evident that he was assuredly on the path to that peak.The Ustad's worthy companion on that journey was Shubh Maharaj, grandson of Kishen Maharaj who is one of the most revered figures in the Banaras Gharana pantheon. Shubh Maharaj had been asked to play because the tabla accompanist originally scheduled to perform, Sandeep Das, had fallen ill and could not make it to Saptak.The impromptu arrangement yielded a rich collaboration between two gharanas and between an icon and an emerging star. \"In the recital you could sense perfect harmony in contrasting styles,\" said Manju Mehta, the guardian of the Saptak legacy. \"Shubh Maharaj was giving apt answers to the Ustad's flourishes.\"Indeed, the recital had drawn the maestro into such a pleasant reverie that his joy began to manifest in unselfconscious 'Abhinaya', described by Dr Premlata Sharma - a disciple of a Gwalior Gharana divinity, Pandit Omkarnath Thakur. She says that 'mukhamudras' (facial expressions) and 'hastachalan' (hand gestures) are among the factors that strengthen the bond between the audience and the performer. And on Tuesday, that bond was bolstered by delight and gratification being transmitted with luxuriant enthusiasm to and from the stage. Of course in the Ustad's 'Abhinaya', the accent was on spontaneous expressiveness rather than on the well-considered 'act' of Dr Sharma's formulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370845", "title": "Tricity students prefer to opt for boards", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite CBSE's (Central Board for Secondary Education) initiative to make Class X board exams optional, the number of students opting for board exams against school-based internal exams is on a rise in tricity. Of the total 21,961 students, 14,590 have opted for CBSE board exams scheduled to commence from March 1 this year.This means 66% of the total students have opted for boards this time against 57% in last year. This inclination of 9% towards CBSE boards is surprising because the results of last year suggested the students who took internal exams scored better than those who appeared for boards.The number of students opting for CBSE boards is on a rise not just in tricity, but even nationwide. Vineet Joshi, CBSE chairman, New Delhi said, \"Against 67% students who opted for CBSE Class X boards last year, the ratio this year is expected to be around 72 to 73%. This trend has been noticed across the country except in Southern states where students have preferred state boards.\"A source from CBSE education department said the students prefer to appear for Class X boards because they get an experience of CBSE board before Class XII and consider these exams more challenging. About eight lakh students would appear for CBSE Class X boards this year nationwide.Joshi refused the board has any plans to do away with Class X boards altogether from next session onwards.In internal-board exams conducted by schools, the question papers are supplied by CBSE, but the evaluation is done at school-level. The board, however, conducts random verification of evaluated answer scripts to ensure fair evaluation. The option was introduced by CBSE in 2010 as the first batch who opted for two different assessment systems took exams in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374167", "title": "Mujhe Rang De", "text": "CreditsDirector: Mahendra Tiwari, Naresh Vala Cast: Amar Upadhyay, Meenakshi Arya, Aslam Khan, Raju Shreshta Producer: Naresh Vala Associate Director: Surendra Suri Singers: Anup Kumar Rathod, Javed Ali, Sonu Kakkar.SynopsisMujhe Rang De is the story of a painter who once paints a woman out of his own imagination and falls in love with her. Waiting for years, he eventually meets a girl who is an exact replica of his girl on the canvas. A renowned painter now, he follows her and offers her his heart. Little does he know that he is walking into the web of a manipulator? A story of greed for fame and money, it evolves into a mysterious but thrilling love story.Mujhe Rang De goes on floors by Mid January 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11368052", "title": "I can\u2019t forget Simi\u2019s topless shot: Pooja Bhatt", "text": "First, there was talk of Sunny Leone signing up for \"Jism 2\". Now the buzz surrounding the movie has just got bigger with the release of the film's first look. Pooja Bhatt , the director of the film, has met Sunny on Tuesday evening. But the adult star hasn't yet signed on the dotted line. Meanwhile Pooja, along with dad Mahesh Bhatt, is in Darjeeling to attend a film festival to decide if she can shoot her movie there.Before Sunny signs on the movie, Pooja has revealed the first look of her movie. While the \"Jism\" poster with Bipasha Basu's honey-coated legs was the toast of the country some nine years ago, this new look from \"Jism 2\" has everyone guessing about who the girl is in the poster. Pooja, right now, is mum on who the girl is. Ask her if the veiled woman is Sunny Leone and she just smiles. \"I don't wish to reveal who the girl is till I have everything on paper. When I shot this poster, I was sure I wanted it to be sensual. The question that most men are asking after seeing the first look was whether the girl in the poster is naked or not. For me, that's not important because after a point, the flesh doesn't really matter. It's about the soul. There has been too much of talk about Sunny doing my film or the one with Salman. I don't wish to say anything till I've signed my cast,\" she says.Pooja takes pride in designing the poster the way she has, while keeping the intrigue factor alive. \"Spielberg says the difference between erotica and porn is the lighting. I say, it's the gaze. I think, there is an essential difference between the way a man and a woman looks at a human body. That's the difference that one sees when one looks at two movies - \"Murder\" that my father made with Anurag Basu and \"Jism\" that my dad did with me. I am very proud of a movie like \"Murder\" and what it raked in at the box office. But the way I visualized Bipasha and treated sensuality is very different from what Anurag did in this movie. Bipasha, in \"Jism\", was a woman who was in complete control of her body and sensuality,\" she explains. Pooja has no problems with cleavage but she says, \"It's a fact that \"Dhoom\" had more cleavage than \"Jism\". However, people talked about the sensuality in \"Jism\" and they were engaged with the heroine who said the body doesn't know love. It only knows lust. Even now, it suits people if such women die as villains. As my father says, in India, good people fall in love and bad people have sex. If that were true, I wouldn't know what to fathom about our population count though. Even today, whether it's a journo from Harvard or a ganglord or an entrepreneur, men still get so tongue-tied and uncomfortable with the female form.\" So, what does Pooja think Sunny's impact is on men? \"I met her and she intimidates people. Yet, there is an innocence in her face. However, I didn't want to reveal a face when I designed the poster of \"Jism 2\". There have been so much of speculation over who the lead actor in my film is. From Bipasha to Mallika or even the dhobi's neighbour, names were being tossed up right, left and centre. While I wanted to whet their appetite further with this poster, I also wanted to establish a fact that eventually it's the franchise that's more important than the face. People don't sell movies any more. It's the brand that matters. That's what had happened to \"Ashique\" too, where no face of the actors were shown and yet the movie got packed houses. This poster can have anyone there and it will only enhance the brand and vice versa.\"So, how is \"Jism 2\" taking forward the film from where Bipasha had left it behind? \"The movie goes beyond the body. Even as exciting and earth-shattering Bipasha was in the film, she still became a one dimensional character. In \"Jism 2\", the lead actor is both a femme fatale, a mother and a sex worker and is allowed to exist in grey areas without being apologetic about it. \"Jism 2\" will embrace darkness because only by doing that can one see light,\" Pooja adds. So, which is the most sensual movie in Pooja's eyes? \"When I look back, I can't think of anything more sensual than David Lean's \"Doctor Zhivago\". Kim Basinger in \"Nine 1/2 Weeks\" is very sensual too. In India, it had to be Zeenat Aman in \"Satyam Shivam Sundaram\". Then, there was this topless picture of Simi Garewal that was my first memory of Indian erotica from \"Siddhartha\". However, nothing can hold a candle to \"Jism\". I'd still say, India needs a new fantasy.\"Considering that she is in Darjeeling now, does she plan to shoot the film there? \"Just as Puducherry offered the right backdrop for \"Jism\", I am looking for a place with a unique character for \"Jism 2\". I will zero in on a place only if it suits the movie not because people are offering us infrastructural facilities. I was there in Darjeeling in 1978 when my father was shooting \"Lahu Ke Do Rang\" with Shabana Azmi , Vinod Khanna and Danny Denzongpa . I had also gone to shoot \"Chor Aur Chand\" there with Aditya Pancholi. That's where I had met a newly-married Shah Rukh and Gauri. He was shooting there for \"Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman\". Gauri still had her wedding bangles on when we met. I will be there in Darjeeling for a couple of days. If I find the location suitable, I will definitely shoot there,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11370517", "title": "GM silk worms to help weave Spider-Man web?", "text": "LONDON: The Spider-Man web, which helps him snare bad guys and swing among the city's skyscrapers, is closer to reality, say scientists who have created genetically modified silkworms which can spin much stronger silk.A team at University of Wyoming says that its eventual aim is to produce silk from worms that has the toughness of spider silk. In fact, in weight-for-weight terms, spider silk is stronger than steel.Researchers worldwide have been trying to reproduce such silk for decades. But it is unfeasible to \"farm\" spiders for the commercial production of their silk because the arachnids don't produce enough of it. Silk worms, however, are easy to farm and produce vast amounts of silk - but the material is fragile.So, researchers have tried for years to get the best of both worlds - super-strong silk in industrial quantities - by transplanting genes from spiders into worms.But the resulting genetically modified worms have not produced enough spider silk until now. Now, the GM worms produced by a team led by professor Don Jarvis of Wyoming University seem to be producing a composite of worm and spider silk in large amounts, which it says is just as tough as spider silk, the 'PNAS' journal reported.Commenting on the work, Christopher Holland from the University of Oxford, said that the development represented a step toward being able to produce toughened silk commercially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370287", "title": "Glimpses of unhealthy tales of NRHM", "text": "LUCKNOW: The alleged involvement of Babu Singh Kushwaha, former cabinet minister and BSP chief Mayawati's blue-eyed boy has once again shifted the focus of political parties towards the NRHM scam. The development assumes significance as it comes at a time, when the state is gearing up to elect its next lot of representatives.The story of corruption dates back to May 2007 with the formation of Mayawati's cabinet. On the occasion, the responsibility of medical and health department went to Anant Kumar Mishra, BSP MLA from Ghatampur, while the CM kept the portfolio of family welfare with herself. Since the CM was more than busy, Mishra was calling shots. However, in January 2010, Kushwaha was crowned as the head of family welfare department.This led to division of funds and the equation was highly skewed in favour of Kushwaha. This also led to dwarfing of Mishra's stature, which reportedly made him and his supporters create problems for team Kushwaha. Senior babus reportedly working for Kushwaha suggested a way out - division of the department till the level of chief medical officer.Within a few weeks of Kushwaha taking charge, post of district programme officer was created to implement NRHM in various districts. In May 2010, the post was renamed as CMO family welfare (CMO-FW). All this while, the health department did not bother to appoint a full time mission director for NRHM - another mandatory condition for states. The charge rested with the then principal secretary family welfare Pradeep Shukla, who also headed another health body called SIFPSA.It may be noted that though there had been a steady increase in funds sanctioned to UP, the state was not able to utilise full grant between 2005 and 2008. Thereafter state spent more than the amount released. Interestingly, expenditure in infrastructure maintenance category, which included construction was significantly high.The cold war between the two parties came out in open on October 27, 2010 when Dr Vinod Arya, CMO FW posted in Lucknow was murdered by motorcycle-borne miscreants. As mystery shrouded Arya's broad daylight murder, the responsibility of his work was given to Dr YS Sachan, a government doctor believed to be close to Kushwaha because of the caste factor. However, Sachan was junior to shoulder the responsibility on a full time basis, which made way for Dr BP Singh, who took charge in February 2011.Barely had Dr Singh assumed duty, he was killed on April 2, 2011 in exactly the same way as Dr Arya was. The two killings were linked with misuse of NRHM funds. On April 5, Lucknow police lodged an FIR against Dr YS Sachan and three others for embezzlement of NRHM grants. Two days later, health and family welfare ministers were made to resign on moral grounds and the post of CMO FW was scrapped. Mayawati's confidante Naseemuddin Siddiqui took charge of the department.After six weeks, on June 17, Lucknow police claimed that it has worked out the murder case of Dr BP Singh with the arrested of RK Verma and two shooters Vinod Sharma and Anand Tiwari. Soon after, Sachan was arrested and sent to Lucknow district Jail. On June 22, Sachan was found dead in the bathroom of the jail hospital. The administration and police claimed that Sachan had committed suicide. The claim fell flat with an ante-natal injury on Sachan's body.This forced the state government to take an U-turn on the issue and it called for a CBI probe in the case on July 13, 2011. But this didn't save them from embarrassment, as the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court pulled them up several times. By now, the report of a random survey conducted by NRHM's finance head Jaya Bhagat and her team, which inspected headquarters, blocks and tehsils in 12 districts between May 15 and 16, was out. The two volume report outlined a number of gaps in the working of health officials and gross financial anomalies.Meanwhile in an investigation conducted by TOI, it was found that the systematic loot of NRHM funds could be a staggering amount of Rs 3,600 crore. Sources said that a NRHM activities list was circulated among the CMOs (family welfare). The list, apart from the activity heads and their respective budget, also had a crucial column, of 'saving'. The range of the budget saved for each activity was between 5% and 100%. Sources claimed that 'saving' here meant swindling. The average saving of the 54 activity heads mentioned in the list is approximately 50%. So, considering that that UP received Rs 8,120 crore under NRHM and spent Rs 7,122 crore during the past six years, the extent of this saving touches a staggering Rs 3,600 crore mark.On July 24, UP chief secretary Anoop Mishra wrote to CAG to hold an audit of NRHM scheme. CAG began its work in August, but failed to extract many facts from the 'adamant' health officials. In their draft report, sources said, \"CAG officials have mentioned that improvement in health services did not commensurate with the expenditure.\"Sources also said that the auditors have highlighted a number of financial anomalies in their report. The final report is expected in the mid of January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370816", "title": "Cabinet nod for biosphere reserve in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The proposed Rajiv Gandhi Biosphere Reserve-an ambitious project connecting the major sanctuaries and national parks in the state through forest corridors-was approved by the state cabinet on Wednesday.The cabinet also took a decision on adopting the Union Public Service Commission pattern in the state from 2013 for recruitments made through the Rajasthan Public Service Commission. Further, cabinet gave nod for formation of the Rajasthan Ex-Servicemen Corporation ( REXCO) Limited, which would work to rehabilitate and ensure self-dependency for the ex-service, widows of ex-servicemen, war widows and their dependents.The cabinet cleared the way for reorganization of the State Planning Board, which can now have non-government subject specialists up to 10 (from the existing 8). The issues related to the urban housing and development could not be taken up as the minister concerned, Shanti Dhariwal, could not attend the meeting.The Biosphere reserve was proposed to facilitate better movement of wild animals, including the tigers, over an area of 11,000 sq kms from Dholpur to Jhalawar and will pass through the adjoining Karauli, Sawai Madhopur, Kota, Bundi, Chittorgarh and Baran districts. The proposal would now be forwarded to the Union ministry of forests and environment for approval.\"Works like building boundary walls, fencing and railway underpass can now start,\" said Bina Kak, the forest and wildlife minister. Former PCCF, RN Mehrotra said this was the first of its kind landscape model in the country that will address the issue of fragmented forest areas.It is to be developed under the Unesco's Man and Biosphere Programme. An announcement in this regard was made in June last year by the then union minister for forests and environment Jairam Ramesh. The reserve would cover the forest areas of Ranthambore, Mukundra Hills National Park (Darrah wildlife sanctuary in Kota), Kaila Devi, Sawai Man Singh Sanctuary, Sawai Madhopur Sanctuary, Bhansagar and Jamalsagar sanctuaries, Ramgarh Vishdhari sanctuary and some parts of the Chambal sanctuary.The state cabinet also approved the proposal for publication of the final notification for Mukundra Hills National Park under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. Along with this, the cabinet cleared the proposal of compensation of Rs 10 lakh each for rehabilitation of the 37 families at the national park.In a major relief to the candidates aspiring to join state services, the cabinet has approved the UPSC like time-bound recruitment pattern for the RPSC. \"The interview marks will be fixed at 12.5% of the written marks and there will only be four papers,\" said Rajendra Pareek, the industries minister who briefed media after the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370420", "title": "Sanjiv Bhatt supplies another secret document", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The suspended cop Sanjiv Bhatt has furnished yet another vital document of intelligence alert to Nanavati-Mehta commission, this time claiming to clearly expose then police commissioner P C Pande's role.The documents mentions how Pande was specifically informed about mobilization of saffron brigade on a large scale immediately after Godhra carnage, but did nothing to prevent riots.Bhatt had annexed copy of an alert message faxed to Ahmedabad's police commissioner, Pande, from the State Intelligence Bureau (SIB) on the evening of February 27, 2002. It informed Pande, Modi and then state home minister Gordhan Zadaphia that Modi had decided to bring the dead bodies of those passengers burnt in S-6 of Sabarmati Express near Godhra railway station, to Ahmedabad.\"The dead bodies will be brought to the Sola Civil Hospital in your jurisdiction before being taken out for cremation. Local cadres of BJP/Bajrang Dal are being massively mobilized for enforcing the BJP/VHP supported Gujarat Bandh. Widespread retributory communal violence is anticipated in your jurisdiction. Request appropriate prevention,\" the fax message read.Bhatt again requested the commission to take speedy decision on his application seeking permission to file an affidavit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370196", "title": "\u2018Curbing accidents is collective responsibility\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Implementing road safety measures and reducing accidents is a collective responsibility of citizens, organizations and civic bodies, district collector Vikas Deshmukh said on Wednesday.Deshmukh was speaking at a road safety programme at Khed Shivapur. Addressing the gathering, Deshmukh said the roads were being widened, but at the same time, the number of vehicles was increasing day by day. As a result, accidents were taking place frequently. \"Road accidents lead to deaths or severe impairment. It is, therefore, important to make collective efforts to reduce accidents,\" he stressed.Regional transport officer Arun Yeola said there are nearly 35 lakh vehicles in the district. Of these, 75% are two-wheelers. There is a need to implement measures to curb the number of accidents. \"Efforts are on to spread road safety awareness,\" he added.District superintendent of police, Shahaji Solunke, said road safety programmes will be held throughout the year. As part of the road safety measures, retro reflective tapes were being put on heavy vehicles. Also, awareness programmes were being organized for school students.Chandmal Parmar of Kumari Rajshree Parmar Memorial Foundation stressed on the importance of the use of helmets by two-wheeler riders. Not just riders, but pillion riders should also wear helmets, he said.Helpline launchedThe city traffic branch has launched a 24x7 mobile phone helpline service from new year's day. The new helpline - 8888004455 - enables road users to send SMS alerts to the traffic branch during traffic jams or emergencies like accidents.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre has appealed to citizens to send alerts to the helpline number so that necessary remedial action could be taken at the earliest. The traffic branch is also operating a landline service (020-26122000).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369527", "title": "Congress upset as Gondia denied govt medical college", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior Congress leaders from Vidarbha will knock on the doors of Congress president Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi to protest against the failure of the state to set up a government medical college at Gondia, home town of senior NCP leader and heavy industries minister Praful Patel.A senior Congress leader claimed that on February 27, 2011, when chief minister Prithviraj Chavan was in Gondia for laying the foundation stone for a cultural centre, he had publicly announced that if his government decided to set up new medical colleges, Gondia would be given top priority. \"We were surprised to find out that when the cabinet took a decision to set up new medical colleges, Gondia was missing from the list and instead, Satara, home town of CM will get a new medical college,'' he said.At a juncture when there is backlog in all sectors, the government's decision to drop Gondia from the list will result in major discontent against the Congress-NCP government. \"We will meet Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi next week,\" he said.A senior medical education department official said that when Ashok Chavan was chief minister, it was decided to set up medical colleges in Mumbai, Gondia, Nandurbar and Alibaug. A high-level team of the Medical Council of India had visited Gondia for inspecting the infrastructure and other facilities. \"MCI had in principle given nod for Gondia in view of a 450-bed hospital there,\" he added.The bureaucrat said it was high time the state drafts a comprehensive action plan for filling up 560 vacant posts of medical teachers across the state, provide better service conditions to halt mass exodus and ensure adequate financial support for the existing medical colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11374566", "title": "City hookah lounge under health dept lens", "text": "BHOPAL: In a first of its kind action in the city, the health department searched a hookah lounge in Bittan Market area in the city on Wednesday and took samples from them. The samples contained tobacco content, according to health officials.The district administration is considering action against the offenders.After a similar search by CMHO in Indore last year, the Indore district administration had banned hookah lounges. \"If there is violation of norms, action will be taken against the offenders,\" said Collector Bhopal Nikunj Shrivastava.District chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla said a team from the health department took three samples from the hookah lounge in Bittan market. In the search, three samples of hookah and flour were taken for test.The CMHO, unlike the Food and Drugs authority, does not have the power to prosecute any violation of norms by a hookah bar. \"If we find any irregularities we would report it through the media and inform people about the danger of going to such joints,\" said Dr Shukla.\"We collected tobacco samples to check nicotine level. The samples are labelled as tobacco products and we have sent it to the state drug laboratory for analysis,\" he added.The hookah lounges are only permitted to serve flavoured hookah (without tobacco) but the already shutdown hookah lounge owners of Indore, on condition of anonymity, said serving tobacco is not a violation of the provisions under the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (COTP) Act, 2003. The Indore administration pulled a plug on the 136 hookah lounges in October last year.An owner of a hookah lounge in Indore, said, \"Even the flavoured hookah contains some bit of tobacco. The only condition we adhere to is that minors are not allowed inside the premises.\" A kilogram of flavoured hookah contains 0.25 gram nicotine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11370553", "title": "Malkhan, Maderna, Amarchand all conspired", "text": "JODHPUR: The entire conspiracy behind the murder of nurse Bhanwari Devi was allegedly hatched by former minister Mahipal Maderna and Congress MLA Malkhan Singh Bishnoi with the latter's sister Indra Bishnoi playing the role of a mediator. Sources revealed that Amarchand was part of the conspiracy even before the nurse disappeared on September 1.As the CBI has almost completed its probe into the case, a complex maze of people involved in the crime has come up.\"As Bhanwari Devi was blackmailing Maderna on the basis of the CD in which both were shown having sexual relationship, the politician wanted to get rid of her. On the other hand, Luni MLA Malkhan Singh was being threatened by the nurse who had been claiming that her youngest daughter was fathered by him,\" said a police officer who was part of investigation.The heads of two most powerful families in the Marwar region allegedly got together and hatched the conspiracy to get the nurse eliminated.\"Indra was a trusted friend of Bhanwari, so she was involved. Indra then hired Sahiram Bishnoi and asked her to eliminate Bhanwari,\" said the officer. Indra Bishnoi also involved Parasram Bishnoi and some others in the murder plan.Sources said that Sahiram Bishnoi, who surrendered before a court here, then roped in Shahabuddin, Baldev Jat alias Balia and Sohan Lal for the job.\"They kidnapped her from Bilara area on September 1 and handed her over to the gang of criminals headed by Bishnaram Bishnoi near Nevra Road in Jodhpur rural,\" said the officer.As now it has come up that the people in the scorpio included one Kailash Jhakar who was nabbed by the CBI late Tuesday night. The scorpio belonged to him. He had sold it to someone else, but the CBI is believed to have quizzed the buyer. The important but surprising was the role was that of Amarchand. \"The CBI now believes that Amarchand was aware of the entire conspiracy even before the nurse was kidnapped on September 1. He was to be even paid Rs 10 lakh by Sohan Lal. Of the total amount, he had been provided Rs 50,000. It is suspected the money had been given to Sohan Lal by Malkhan Singh Bishnoi,\" said the officer.Amarchand then started providing misleading statements to the police about his wife's disappearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11370371", "title": "Toilet trouble led to NY firebomb attacks", "text": "NEW YORK: A 40-year old unemployed truck driver, charged with hate crime and arson for throwing molotov cocktails at five places, including a Hindu temple and an Islamic centre here, was upset at being denied entry to use its bathroom and being thrown out of a store.Ray Lengend, a naturalized US citizen from Guyana , had confessed to attacking the five locations with firebombs over the weekend, citing personal grudges.Lazier has been charged with arson, arson as hate crime and criminal possession of a weapon in connection with the firebombings on January 1, police said here. He was arrested after the police tracked down his car that was seen at the site of the attacks through surveillance cameras as well identified by few witnesses , Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said.He first attacked the convenience store as he was upset that he was thrown out after being caught stealing a Starbucks bottle and milk last month. He attacked the Islamic centre as he was upset over being denied entry to use its bathroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11369827", "title": "Is BJP scared of its own leader?", "text": "PANAJI: North Goa BJP MP Shripad Naik's interest to contest the new assembly constituency of Porvorim has left several bigwigs within the party worried.Though the former state party chief is known to enjoy cadre support at the grassroots level, sources say moves are afoot to scuttle the Bahujan Samaj man's entry back into state politics.The reason: a tussle for the chief minister's post if BJP posts a win at the March 3 assembly polls. \"We don't want factional fights after the elections,\" a party insider explained.The anti-Naik group within the BJP is therefore lobbying hard with the party's central leadership to keep their MP out of contesting from Porvorim.They have held discussions with party national president Nitin Gadkari and BJP leader L K Advani, arguing that for the BJP every single Lok Sabha seat is important. If Naik contests locally it might be difficult for the Goa BJP to retain the parliamentary seat, they have informed their national leaders.Naik, on the other hand, has reiterated his willingness to contest the forthcoming assembly elections.In a recent post on a social networking site he said, \"I will contest from Porvorim... it's a demand from my people. I can't hurt my people. Waiting for a green signal from our national president Nitin Gadkari.\"This post has sent a signal to the anti-Naik camp that the former Marcaim MLA will not give up the fight easily.Sources, incidentally, point out that Porvorim constituency was carved out mostly from the Aldona constituency (when BJP was in power in Goa and at the Centre) due to it being a saffron stronghold.BJP is believed to be a strong presence on the Porvorim plateau and party leaders have always maintained this.Which is why the move of top BJP leaders to hand over the Porvorim seat to its soon-to-be alliance partner, MGP, has raised eyebrows within and outside the party.\"When the party always said that Porvorim is our sure seat, why is the party leadership willing to give it to the MGP?\" questioned a party worker.Putting two and two together, BJP workers are arriving at the conclusion that the party's top brass simply wants to keep Naik-capable of winning the seat as admitted off record by local leaders-out of any future CM competition.TOI had earlier reported that the BJP is in the process of allotting six seats to the MGP, including the Porvorim seat where Rohan Khaunte is likely to contest on an MGP ticket.When TOI contacted Naik, the BJP leader said, \"There is no opposition in the party on my reentering state politics, but I don't know the reason behind the delay in taking a decision (on him contesting the Porvorim seat). The issue is with the party's national president and in the next three to four days a decision is expected.\"Naik further told TOI that the party should take a decision considering the sentiments expressed by the people. \"I want to be in the fray only because people want me to contest from Porvorim,\" Naik said.BJP's state president Laxmikant Parsekar, putting the ball in the party high command's court, told TOI that Naik will \"definitely help to strengthen the party, but the final decision has to be taken by the central leadership as he (Naik) is a sitting MP\".State opposition leader Manohar Parrikar , a former chief minister and a contender to the CM's chair if BJP wins the polls, said the party's central leadership is \"seized of the issue\".He pointed out that six months ago the state unit had sent a report to its central leadership that it is interested in Naik contesting the Porvorim seat.He declined to comment further saying simply, \"No comment.\"This is the second time there is opposition to Naik's entry into state politics.In 2007, Mayem was identified to facilitate Naik's entry, but two months before the assembly elections, Naik was told that he might lose the seat. The seat was, incidentally, won by an even lesser known BJP candidate, Anant Shet.Another factor going against Naik, analysts say, is that when he was the state president Naik had managed to move present organizing secretary in charge of Goa, Satish Dhond, out of the state.Sources in the BJP say the same people are afraid that there may be a conflict of leadership if Naik is brought back into state politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369171", "title": "Action against cops who shirked duty on Dec 31", "text": "MUMBAI: The state home department will initiate action against police personnel who remained absent from duty on December 31, 2011 night New Year's Eve or attended any private party.The department will soon write a letter to Mumbai CP, Arup Patnaik, asking for their details, a senior home department official said.\"Strict instructions were given that every cop should be seen on the road. Despite the home department orders if any cop stayed away from the duty, then I will certainly look into the issue. I will ask Mumbai CP to give more information on the issue,\" Umeshchandra Sarangi, additional chief secretary (home) said. The bureaucrat was replying to a query about whether any cops remained absent or attended celebrations at private functions.Another home department official said that action would be taken only against those cops who remained absent without any valid reason or attended the party. \"The nature of punishment for those cops is not decided yet. But, certainly, stringent action would be taken against the offenders so that no one dares to repeat the mistake in the future,\" the official added.Sarangi also appreciated the police for maintaining law and order.\"Ample police personnel were deployed for maintaining law and order in the state, especially in metro cities. Cops were seen every where on the road. The large number of police presence helped citizens to enjoy the new-year celebrations without any untoward incident taking place in the state,\" Sarangi added.After the twin murder of Amboli youths, Mumbai police has formed special squads to tackle eve teasing menace in the city on new year eve. Traffic police had deployed heavy bandobast to prevent drunk driving cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11368744", "title": "Docs remove UP teen's 7.5 kg cancerous tumour", "text": "MUMBAI: Shubham Mishra (19) could hardly breathe a fortnight ago. He had a cancerous tumour growing in his chest. It was so painful and big that even walking and sleeping had become difficult. Not until the doctors conducted the surgery, did they find that his tumour had grown to weigh 7.5 kg and was in the shape of a large rugby ball.Shubham's problem started in June 2011, when he had pain in his chest along with slight breathlessness. In Sitapur, a district in Uttar Pradesh, where he stayed, the doctors gave him some medicines and said he was suffering from indigestion. When Shubham started developing a swelling, that was when the doctors diagnosed that Shubham had a cancerous growth in his chest cavity. \"I was told to come to Mumbai to receive treatment in Tata Hospital,\" said Shubham, who had to miss a year because of the illness. Shubham's father is a farmer and the family leads a hand-to-mouth existence. \"My uncle and cousin helped me to come to Mumbai. I received four chemotherapy sessions, but they had no effect on the tumour,\" he said.It was then that Shubham was referred to Kokilaben Hospital in Andheri. By the time Shubham was admitted to the Andheri hospital in December 2011, his condition was so bad that he could hardly walk or sleep.\"The tumour had already spread on the left side of his chest completely and was beginning to expand on the right. The tumour had completely covered the left lung. It had also pushed his heart and major blood vessels to the extreme right. The right side of his chest had expanded because of the large tumour, pushing the diaphragm down,\" said Dr Rajesh Mistry, thoracic surgical oncologist, who performed the surgery on Shubham.The surgery that enabled Shubham to breathe without difficulty was performed 15 days ago. Doctors say apart from probably being the largest tumour in the chest, the surgery itself was challenging. It was difficult to put him under the influence of anesthesia since he was already \"extremely breathless\". The doctors also had to cut two large incisions from the chest right up to the abdomen and remove the tumour along with his left lung and portions of his pericardium (covering of the heart) and diaphragm. \"The size and weight of the tumour were probably the largest recorded in medical literature. The largest recorded till date measuring 30 cm in length. Shubham's tumour measured 40 cm in length and 35 cm in breadth and weighed 7.5 kgs,\" said Dr Mistry.Shubham has been discharged from the hospital and is now doing fine. \"I can now sleep, walk and do everything that I could before this cancer. I will now go back to college and finish my graduation, so that I can help my family,\" said Shubham, who is yet to pass second year of BA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369598", "title": "TRS shadow on Jagan\u2019s deeksha", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy's 48-hour 'rythu deeksha' at Armoor (Nizamabad district) from January 10 may encounter serious hurdles in the wake of Telangana Rashtra Samithi's statement on Wednesday that they would not hesitate to obstruct Jagan from entering the region without taking a clear stand on the Telangana issue.Training guns on the Congress and TDP for their dubious stand on the contentious issue, TRSLP leader E Rajendar said any political party that wants to be in Telangana must live up to the aspirations of the people in the region.\"No political party can escape from taking a stand on the issue, not even the YSR Congress. However, since the Telangana movement is being taken forward under the aegis of the Telangana political JAC, we will block Jagan's entry in to the region whenever the TJAC comes up with such a decision. Since we are a key constituent of the TJAC, we have always been in the forefront of the struggle and will implement any decision of the TJAC without fail,\" he said.The last time Jagan tried to enter Telangana through Mahabubabad of Warangal district in May 2010; violent incidents rocked the town forcing him to abandon his Odarpu yatra in the region.Elaborating on the party's three-day 'palle baata' programme to be carried out in four assembly constituencies in Telangana (Kollapur, Station Ghanpur, Adilabad and Kamareddy) from January 7, the TRSLP leader said they were going to the people with a specific agenda to bury both the Congress and TDP for betraying the Telangana cause. He said it was their duty to ensure that all candidates, who resigned for the cause, are re-elected with a thumping majority. \"We will also make sure that candidates from both these parties lose their deposits,\" he pointed out.He said as per the understanding, they would work for the victory of the candidate who resigned for the T cause in Nagarkurnool (Nagam Janardhan Reddy) and not field a candidate in Mahabubnagar assembly constituency.He came down heavily on the state government for unleashing a reign of terror in the Telangana districts by directing the local police to arrest party MLAs and take Warangal TRS leaders in to preventive custody in view of TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu's yatra in Warangal from January 6.\"People have every democratic right to question leaders who continue to cheat them. The local police have gone to the extent of manhandling and arresting our MLAs when they questioned the illegal detention of TRS activists. We demand the state government to put an immediate end to this police brutality in Warangal and release all detained persons,\" he said.Earlier in the day, Medak TRS MP Vijayashanthi demanded that the TDP chief announce his party's stand on the Telangana issue and stop citing the 'two-eye theory'. \"Naidu must make the party's stand clear before his visit to Warangal. Else, he will face severe resistance from Telangana people all through the tour,\" she cautioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373980", "title": "A fresh beginning for Vijay", "text": "Director Vijay started the first schedule of his Thaandavam with Vikram, Anushka, Nasser and Jagapathi Babu in Delhi yesterday.The team will be shooting for the next 20 days in the capital city and then take off to the US. Confirming the news, Vijay says, \"We are shooting in front of Jama Masjid now. I believe this is after a long time that a Tamil film is being shot in the locality of the Masjid.This ancient mosque plays an important role in the film and we have taken the necessary permission to shoot here.\" We hear a high-octane action and chase sequence between Vikram and Jagapathi Babu will be shot in the first few days. Meanwhile, G V Prakash has already composed the tunes for the film and even recorded a song recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369460", "title": "ATM devised for sightless customers", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of organizations working to make the city disabled-friendly would have made Louis Braille proud on his birth anniversary Wednesday. Having devised a range of software programmes and gadgets that could be used by visually handicapped people, they unveiled the collection at a special function in Bandra, held to mark his birthday. Among them was an automatic teller machine (ATM) that blind people can use to withdraw money.\"We inaugurated an online Braille library that allows students to download files and print them to read. There is a full display of access technology like low-vision aids and teaching aids,\" said Sam Taraporevala, head of sociology at the Xavier's Resource Centre for the Visually Challenged ( XRCVC). The institute partnered the National Association of Visually Handicapped ( NIVH), Dehradun, in this exhibition.NCR Corporation , which manufactures ATMs, demonstrated a machine that can be used by sightless customers. \"It is a regular ATM fitted with auto-guidance software,\" said Nagesh Nayak, professional services practice manager of NCR. \"One can use a regular headphone and plug it into the jack to receive instructions and operate the numeric keypad on the machine.\" Operative buttons like 'Enter' and 'Cancel' are embossed and codified.It would help to have Braille stickers affixed to the numeric keypad, though Nayak says that just about 10% sightless people read the script. \"The raised dot on the number 5, which is a feature of most keypads, comes in handy to detect the rest of the numbers. People who go blind later in life are scarcely familiar with Braille, it is mostly the young who read it,\" he said. As for security, should a sighted person catch a glimpse of the screen while a visually-challeged person is operating the machine, all he would see is a blank screen.Unfortunately, banks have been slow to take to this technology primarily for the initial investment it would entail. \"However, the Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines to say that one-third of all the new ATMs must be accessible to the blind,\" says Taraporevala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370989", "title": "Administration shies away from taking help of NGOs", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has shied away from appointing NGOs to assist it in creating awareness on civic polls to be held on February 16.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said most NGOs tend to have political inclinations. \"We want to stay away from allegations later. At this stage, we cannot involve any NGO as we never know about their political leanings. It's difficult to reach out to NGOs to assist us during elections. We will not officially appoint them and have decided not to actively use them.\" But Gupta said the civic body would help NGOs gather information.\"We expect NGOs to come forward and do it as a duty towards the country. However, a few NGOs selected by the state election commission will assist it in creating awareness,\" said Gupta.NGOs like Action for Good Governance and Networking in India (AGNI) and V Citizens Action Network (VCAN) will carry out door-todoor campaigns primarily to increase voter turnout.\"We are waiting for candidates to be announced, and then we will network with advanced locality managements (ALMs). We will form a municipal ward plan. All groups that actively work in various areas will come together and encourage higher turnout,\" said Indrani Malkani, trustee, VCAN. Malkani said VCAN will never campaign for a candidate.\"It's a democracy, so we cannot influence voters. We will contact housing societies through our network. The BMC is setting up new polling stations. We will publicize them so that people know where to vote,\" said Malkani.AGNI plans camps and door-todoor campaigning in few days. \"We will conduct local society meetings in few days. We will tap ALMs and network with sister organizations. As soon as affidavits are filed, we propose to bring a statement so that voters can make an informed choice. We won't tell them to vote for a particular candidate,\" said D M Sukhtankar, chairman, AGNI. AGNI will support citizen candidates only if it is satisfied with their credentials.\"There are various ways to select citizen candidates. We shall find out their record of service and if they are really independent,\" said Sukhtankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374033", "title": "Awards all the way", "text": "To celebrate 80 glorious years of Tamil cinema, a popular PROs' association awarded Kollywood celebrities who made a mark in the industry last year.Held on January 1, the event saw some of the veterans including K Balachander, Vaali, M S Viswanathan, Dr M Balamuralikrishna, Film News Anandan, Arurdas, Anjali Devi and Kaka Radhakrishnan being felicitated. While Santhanabarathi and P Vasu received the MGR-Sivaji Ganesan awards, Sathyaraj and Prabhu were also awarded for their contribution to the industry. Dhanush and Anjali were declared the best actor and actress of 2011, for their commendable performances in Aadukalam and Engaeyum Eppothum respectively. Sneha, T P Gajendran, Pandiarajan, Harris Jayaraj and Saranya were also honoured at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11368612", "title": "Gram sewak gets notice in employment scam", "text": "GONDIA: Mahatma Gandhi Gramin Rojgar Yojana (MGGRY) has been introduced by the Central government to assure at least 100 days employment every year for the unemployed , but a gram sewak of village Dawwa in Gondia district - T L Jallawar -- got this work done through a private contractor. Jallawar also allegedly pocketed the wages that were to be distributed.According to information, in 2008-09, the work of road construction between Gavharya tank and Maniv Ghat was given to GP Dawwa of Sadak Arjuni Tehsil under MGGRY, which should have been done by labourers. But the gram sewak got the work done through a private contractor and allegedly pocketed Rs 70,000. He also made the entry of the profit in the cashbook showing that the amount was distributed among GP members. As if it were not enough, he included this in the proceedings of Gram Panchayat meeting on August 15, 2011 and even got it approved by the meeting.When the GP members came to know about the scam, they reported the matter to deputy CEO of ZP Gondia.In this context, when contacted, Deputy CEO Nitin Sable said that the gram sewak concerned has been issued a show-cause notice.Although the deputy CEO was not available, his department staff admitted that in this case either the gram sewak must be writing the proceedings after taking members' signatures or the members must be signing without reading the proceedings. Moreover, this work must have been going on for days together and what is astonishing is how the junior engineer supervising the work did not even notice it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370411", "title": "Indroda park keeps \u2018eye\u2019 on lovelorn couples", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indroda Nature Park in Gandhinagar is now under surveillance. With ministers' residences in close vicinity, the government thought that an active surveillance was very vital in the wake of emerging threats. But most of all it was the public display of affection (PDA) widely prevalent in quiet corners of the nature park that was proving to be a menace, which is supposedly behind the step.The CCTV cameras have been put up at vital points where Gujarat Ecological Education and Research (GEER) foundation felt that these can act as deterrent against lovelorn couples - most of whom visit the park from Ahmedabad.\"A board warning visitors that the park is under surveillance has already been put up. Besides, for a long time security authorities had been probing the access to the ministerial bungalows from the river side in the park. The cameras will serve a dual purpose,\" says a senior forest official.The Gandhinagar Shaher Vasahat Mandal, had earlier made several requests to the police to 'weed out such couples'. The GEER Foundation had even started removing all the benches in the park, which had proved to be a favourite with love birds. The benches were later placed in front of the park office for 'proper monitoring'.Other hot-spots, including the areas behind Udyog Bhavan, JH Road and parts of Sector 15, have been marked by both residents and the police few years back. \"The boys and girls come to Indroda from outside the city, mostly from Ahmedabad, as the place provides them a perfect hide-out,\" adds the official.Director of GEER foundation Bharat Pathak told TOI, \"The CCTV cameras have been installed for general surveillance at the nature interpretation park on a trial basis right now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370918", "title": "Power dept to keep an eye on defaulters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT electricity department will soon be able to keep a tab on those who take connections and leave their accommodations, owned or rented without paying the previous bills. For this the department has filed a petition with the Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission seeking its approval for making it mandatory for consumers to fill a form that will include all the details regarding them, which would help in tracing them, in case they leave the accommodation without paying their bills.In the financial year 2011-'12, the department had to face a debt of around Rs 6 to 7 crore due to non-payment of bills and the money spent on legal matters. Talking about the need for filing the petition, UT's superintending engineer M P Singh, said, \"It had become important for the department to get a form like this approved as it is we who end up being in debt. Once we started asking people to submit their identity proof for getting a connection but people started asking us about the rule that allows us to ask for such information. Some people have even asked us the same thing through Right to Information (RTI).Therefore approval from JERC had become necessary.\"A major reason that makes it possible for people who don't pay up their bills to get away easily is the method of distribution of electricity bills, said Singh. \"The bill goes after every two months and if someone does not pay the bill then the disconnection orders are sent with the next bill. The whole process takes around four months and by then the consumer has already started living somewhere else. So we have asked JERC to allow us to distribute electricity bills on a monthly basis,\" he said.In the form, necessary details like the consumer's photograph, mobile-cum-landline number, address, email address will be sought. Singh further said, \"This will help us in the future to send billing alerts when the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reform Programme (R-APDRP) starts working making the entire working online.\"Also this form will help in keeping a check on people who take connections and then quickly ask for a disconnection. \"For getting a new connection the consumer, domestic or commercial, will have to sign an agreement. According to the agreement if the consumer (domestic) would want a disconnection within one year, he will have to pay some charges. For the commercial consumer the time span will be three years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11370063", "title": "Fire breaks out IGI airport's cargo terminal; no casualties", "text": "NEW DELHI: A \"medium\" fire broke out in the cargo terminal of the Indira Gandhi International Airport here early this morning but there were no immediate reports of any casualty.The blaze erupted at around 1.15 AM and 22 fire tenders have been rushed to the spot, police and fire brigade officials said, adding there were no immediate reports of any casualty.The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained, though the officials said the blaze was of \"medium\" nature.The cargo terminal is located at a distance of about one km from Terminal 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370953", "title": "Parents bargain for discipline through bribery", "text": "MUMBAI: It was once easy to make children happy with chocolates and candies. But today, they would not settle for anything less than cellphones, iPods and game consoles. While many parents give in to their demands, some, along with child psychologists, are worried.\"Children demand only when parents indulge,\" said Ayurvedic doctor and mother of two Dr Neha Mulye. \"And parents do so as they do not spend as much time with their children as those belonging to previous generations used to. They are busy making money.\"Lifestyles have changed, said Shilpa Rahalkar, a teacher and mother. \"Most families today comprise working parents and a single child. They feel they can compensate for lost time by buying the child expensive gadgets.\"Children in such homes go through latchkey syndrome. \"With the disintegration of the joint family system, nuclear families are the norm today. Children come back to locked doors and get addicted to TV or the internet,\" said child psychologist Seema Hingoranny. \"Parents need to spend quality time with their children. They need to read to them the old fashioned way.\"Bribing children with materialistic incentives will only make them habituated to their ever-increasing demands being constantly met, said Rahalkar. Children undergo peer pressure, Mulye said, \"but the same goes for parents\" who keep up with the Joneses. Such parents think they need to be in sync with their child's generation, even if that entails shelling out huge amounts of money. They say they can do little in the face of increasing exposure of children to trends and a rapidly evolving social structure. \"Children today get an inferiority complex if they do not have the latest hi-tech gadgets. They feel deprived and are treated like outcastes in school,\" said Aditi Joshi, a mother, even as her son Anay (10) flaunted a videogame console he recently got as a gift.About the prevailing attitudes in society and in schools, Hingoranny said: \"A lot of children go to expensive schools today, where there is constant aping of the (consumerist societies of the) West. Parents think it is imperative to go on foreign trips and shower their children with expensive items.\" She said parents need to restrict themselves. \"Children need to be taken back to traditional roots.\"Muley believes there is no harm in giving in to children's demands as long as it helps their \"achievement motivation\". She said her son Kedar (10) was unperturbed by peer pressure. Not always, though, Kedar muttered. \"When my friends show me their new phones, I feel like getting one too.\"Everything in a child's life today is concrete or structured, Hingoranny said. \"Things are handed to them on a platter. They need to be given unstructured data so that they can process it, which will help their minds develop.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370748", "title": "Quraishi in city on Jan 6, 7 for review", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief election commissioner Dr SY Quraishi will be on a two day visit to the state capital on January 6 and January 7 to review arrangements for state assembly elections, said chief electoral officer (CEO) Umesh Sinha. He said that besides chief election commissioner SY Quraishi and election commissioners BS Sampat and HS Brahma, deputy election commissioner Vinod Zutshi, director general Akshay Raut and PK Das will be present in the review meeting.Sinha said that EC will hold meeting with representatives of political parties at Raj Bhawan on January 6 from 10 am to 12 noon. Later, EC will hold a meeting at 12.15 pm to 6.00 pm with divisional commissioners, district magistrates, IGs, DIGs, SSPs and SPs of the districts going to poll in the first to the fourth phase.The EC will hold another meeting with the district and police officials on January 7 from 10 am to 2 pm regarding the arrangements made in the districts where polling will be held in the fifth, sixth and seventh phase of polling, said the CEO. He added that the Election Commission will hold a meeting with the chief secretary, DGP and principal secretary (home) on January 7 at 3.30 pm followed by a press briefing at 4 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369711", "title": "\u2018Persianate culture forms intrinsic part of Hyderabad\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Town planner during the time of Mohd Quli Qutub Shah, Mir Momin, once called Hyderabad the new Isfahan, an enchanting Iranian city which was then a seat of knowledge and culture. While Isfahan fell into intellectual darkness, Hyderabad emerged a Persianate society which enjoyed an enviable position in architecture and town planning, noted Prof Habib Borjian.Speaking at the biennial convention of the Association for the Study of Persianate Societies (ASPS) at the Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Manuu), that started here on Wednesday, secretary of ASPS Borjian said, \"Hyderabad is the ideal venue to host the convention. The Indo-Persian art and architecture found in this city can be paralleled only by a few Persian cities. Hyderabad even surpassed Isfahan and became the centre of confluence of cultures. The city also gave the world exhaustive dictionaries and thousands of manuscripts in the Persian language.\"He said that no other city is as progressive and wealthy in the technological sphere in the Persianate world as Hyderabad. Highlighting the efforts of the ASPS to bring Persianate societies closer, Borjian said, \"ASPS is a 15-year-old organization which seeks to promote research and social activities and disseminate information between Persianate societies.\"The strands of Persian culture are woven into the Indian fabric and especially into that of the Deccan and while both cultures came into contact more than a millennium ago, the Deccan felt a strong Persian presence in the medieval age, said Salma Farooqui, coordinator of the convention.Describing Persian as a court language, Farooqui said, \"From the 14th century till recent times, administrators, calligraphers and Sufis made the Deccan their abode. The intermingling of the Persians with those from the native land created the distinct Deccani culture.\" She noted that Persian as a language was adopted as the official language by the Adil Shahis, Qutub Shahis, Imad Shahis and, later, the Asaf Jahis. It was only in 1886 that Persian was replaced by Urdu.Describing the role played by India in enriching Persian culture, vice-president of Indian Council for Cultural Relations, Prof Shahid Mehdi said, \"Indian and Persian civilizations are two among the very few whose influence and impact have reached far and beyond their geographical limits.\"He said that India has the richest collection of Persian manuscripts. Prof Mushirul Hasan, director general of the National Archives of India highlighted the contribution of travellers in giving diverse accounts of historical events while Prof Parvaneh Pourshariati, president of ASPS, described how India and Persia echo the same concept of divinity and that the various and the far reaching manifestations of the Indo-Persian god Mithra can be found in Anatolia, the Caucasus, Eastern Mediterranean, along the Rhine and the Danube rivers into Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11372796", "title": "Unesco Kalinga Prize recipient fails to arrive", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A separate function will be organized later this year to confer the Unesco Kalinga Prize for Popularization of Science, 2011, to Mexican physiologist and neurobiologist Dr Rene Raul Drucker, the Kalinga Foundation Trust announced here on Wednesday.Trust reception committee chairman and Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra said Drucker could not make it to receive the award at the international conference for celebration of 60th anniversary of the prize at KIIT University. Mohapatra added: \"Drucker could not make a plan because of the short notice. The award will be given to him later this year.\"Drucker is renowned for his work on sleep, particularly identifying the role played by neurotransmitters during sleep.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik felicitated 11 former awardees on the first day of the two-day conference at KIIT University and offered the Kalinga Chair for 2009 to Trinh Xuan of Vietnam. Xuan shared the 2009 prize with noted educationist Prof Yashpal. \"It was an honour for the state to present the Unesco Kalinga award in front an international audience,\" the CM said on the occasion. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369649", "title": "Induction of PRP MLAs into cabinet after Jan 20", "text": "HYDERABAD: The much talked about induction of two erstwhile Prajarajyam MLAs into the Kiran Kumar Reddy cabinet will take place anytime after January 20.AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad , who arrived in the city on Wednesday night, is to hold a meeting of the state Congress coordination committee on Thursday evening at which the names of PRP MLC C Ramachandraiah and Anakapalli MLA Ghanta Srinivasa Rao are expected to be cleared.Chiranjeevi, the leader of the party that has now merged with the Congress, has already been informed of the move and the latter has reportedly requested the Congress to hold the induction ceremony anytime after January 20 when the inauspicious period ends.The cabinet expansion meant to give berths to PRP legislators has been hanging for quite some time due to opposition from some Congress leaders on the grounds that the inclusion of the PRP MLAs will trigger a caste imbalance in the cabinet. Some Congress leaders from Kadapa, from where Ramachandraiah hails, had also opposed his inclusion in the cabinet.In view of this opposition, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy had managed to get the mini cabinet expansion scheduled for the first week of January deferred. \"However, with Azad having publicly committed to rewarding the PRP for bailing out the Kiran government in the no-confidence motion, the matter cannot be delayed anymore,\" said Congress sources.Along with the induction of Ramachandraiah and Srinivasa Rao, the Congress state coordination committee, which also includes the chief minister, PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana and Chiranjeevi, will consider the PRP's request to give it at least four tickets in the Seemandhra region in the ensuing assembly bypolls.The Congress sources said Azad wants the induction of the PRP MLAs into the cabinet at the earliest as the party has to face the bypolls in many Kapu strongholds if the speaker disqualifies the rebel Congress MLAs for violating the party whip during voting in the recent no-trust motion moved by the TDP.At least five of the 16 assembly seats held by the rebel Congress MLAs are Kapu strongholds and the cooperation of the PRP, a party dominated by this community, would be vital for the Congress if it needs to put up a good show. The Congress coordination committee meeting was earlier scheduled for Thursday morning, but was changed to evening in view of Chiranejevi's proposed visit to Tirumala on the occasion of Vaikunta Ekadesi on Thursday.Former PCC president D Srinivas, Eluru MP K Sambasiva Rao and former minister Md Ali Shabbir are the other members of the coordination committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pasyala (ambala)", "code": "11369038", "title": "Bus tragedy victim families reject govt offer", "text": "PASYALA (Ambala): Families of accident-victim school children have rejected the compensation amount announced by the state government, terming it as a cruel joke on them.Pasyala and Sabga villages had lost 11 kids while 17 others suffered serious injuries in the tragic road mishap on Monday, when the children were on their way to school.\"It was shocking that none of the Haryana ministers or MLAs has so far visited the village. Leaders of opposition parties have visited the village apparently to gain political mileage, but it's of no help to the aggrieved families,\" a villager said.Meanwhile, Union minister Selja, who is the MP from Ambala, has termed the compensation amount of Rs 1 lakh for the families of deceased children as insufficient.Balkar Singh, sarpanch of Sabga village, who lost his nephew while his daughter is in hospital with injuries, told TOI from PGI Chandigarh, \"Most victim families are not in a position to bear the cost of expensive treatment.\"The government had announced Rs 25,000 for those who are undergoing treatment. Kin of the 17 injured, who were being treated at PGI in Chandigarh, have been spending from their pockets so far, sources said.Rani, sarpanch of Pasyala village, said, \"No amount can compensate the loss of lives. But whatever the government has offered is like a joke to us\". Maya Ram of Pasyala village, who lost his nephew Kunal in the accident, said, \"The state government announced compensation without taking into consideration the financial condition of victim families.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369550", "title": "Ramjas teacher quits over OBC quota row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ramjas College is once again at the centre of a controversy. This time it relates to appointment of an ad hoc teacher in the OBC category, who allegedly comes under general category according to Delhi University rules.The statistics teacher, after being asked to relinquish his post, resigned on Tuesday. The case came to light following an RTI reply, which gave out that the teacher does not belong to the OBC list issued by the Centre.Rules lay out that DU, being a central university, is supposed to follow the central OBC list. Various departments prepare a list of candidates for ad hoc appointment by colleges, sources said. When a vacancy arises in a college, it writes to the department concerned, which then sends the list. The college conducts interviews of the candidates given in the list and selects a teacher.The teacher is eligible for a salary under pay band III, which is that of a lecturer, the sources added. Sudhir Kumar was appointed an ad hoc lecturer in 2009 as an OBC candidate since the post was reserved in the OBC category. That Kumar did not come under any of the groups in the central OBC list came to light following an RTI application. But by that time he had already completed around one-and-a-half year with Ramjas.The appointment of an ad hoc teacher is valid for four months with a fresh appointment to be made against the vacancy at the end of this period. The sources said Kumar must have received at least four appointment letters during his tenure. The college administration is passing the buck on the statistics department. \"We get the list from the departments. If they say this is the list of OBC candidates we go by it and make appointments accordingly. How can the college be responsible for this?\" asked Rajendra Prasad , Principal, Ramjas College.\"We don't have a mechanism to verify the certificates, which is why the department listed the candidate in the OBC list instead of general category,\" said Jagdish Sara, head of the statistics department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369111", "title": "Ensure safety of old buildings: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three months after the Chandni Mahal building collapse that claimed seven lives, a trial court has asked Delhi Police and MCD to evolve a mechanism for ensuring safety of old buildings that face the risk of collapse due to unauthorized construction or demolition in it or in an adjacent building.Special CBI Judge A K Mendiratta also asked the MCD and Delhi Police commissioners to hold their officials accountable for any unauthorized constructions or demolitions that take place in the areas under their jurisdiction.\"Irrespective of the investigation in the present case (of Chandni Mahal building collapse), it needs to be ensured by MCD and police that in cases of unauthorized demolition and construction of old structures, some preventive action is immediately taken to ensure the safety of adjacent buildings to avoid loss of precious lives,\" the court said.\"To ensure safety of buildings adjacent to those under unauthorized construction, some modalities and guidelines need to be laid down and followed by the commissioner MCD in consultation with commissioner of Police, Delhi, to ensure timely action where unauthorized demolition and construction of buildings is carried,\" the court said.The court's order came while dismissing the bail plea of contractor Jalaluddin, arrested for his criminal culpability in the September 2011 collapse of an old building in the Chandni Mahal area due to ongoing work in the adjacent structure.The court also sought a probe into the role of local police and MCD officials in the Chandni Mahal building collapse. \"The role of the local police, which remained silent till the entire building was demolished, also needs to be looked into to prevent similar incidents wherein precious lives were lost,\" the court said.While rejecting Jalaluddin's bail and his contention of getting parity with co-accused Anil who has already been granted bail, the court said, \"The case of the applicant cannot be said to be analogous to Anil as the applicant was the contractor and the demolition of the adjacent structure had been carried out without ensuring the structural safety of the other parts of the building.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11371121", "title": "Madurai teachers, students welcome exams", "text": "MADURAI: It is that time of the year when students need to pull up their socks and burn the midnight oil. By announcing the commencement of the exams for class 10 exams on April 4, the directorate of government examinations has not only delayed the exam schedule a bit compared to previous years, but also provided ample breathing space between the exam schedule for each subject to the students.Apparently, the directorate wanted to ease the pressure on the students who are the first batch to appear for the exams under Uniform System of School Education (USE). Besides, the classes had commenced almost 60 days later than the usual due to legal tangle over 'samacheer kalvi'.Teachers, as well as students who were worried at the beginning of the year due to the 'samacheer kalvi' imbroglio now feel that the schedule of exams could not have been more appropriate.\"Much of the portions have been completed. There progress in syllabus completion is very smooth for teachers as well as students. In fact by mid-January, the portions would be completed. There would three rounds of revision tests. The first test would commence on January 21,\" said S Nagaraja Murugan, chief educational officer, Madurai.A R Ramanathan, correspondent of Dolphin School said that the timing of the exams was very appropriate. \"The schedule could not have been delayed any further as it would have clashed with the next academic year,\" he said.P Premalatha, correspondent of Mahatma Matriculation School said that there was enough time to give the children four more revisions and prepare them for the examinations. \"The syllabus is simpler when compared to the earlier one and only Maths is more enriched, but we have dealt with it. The children had completed the portions before the half-yearly examinations so they are more than prepared for the exams in early April,\" she said.S Kumari, the mother of a 10{+t}{+h} standard student heaved a sigh of relief with the announcement of the examinations. \"With all the chaos that prevailed during the beginning of the year, I was scared as to whether my child would be able to sit for the examinations, but my prayers have been answered and the schools have given us good follow up,\" she said.Praveen Kumar and his friends who are attending a private tuition said that they had already completed the old syllabus about 10 months ago even before school began.\"The real pressure was before school began. After that, we held extra classes and completed the syllabus well in advance so all the students are ready for April 4,\" said Selvi, a maths teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11374607", "title": "E-vet services on the cards", "text": "BHOPAL: The animal husbandry minister on Wednesday said that online veterinary treatment (e-vet) facilities would soon start in the state. The project aims to make available the veterinary services to farmers in rural areas through online consultancy.The e-vet will be made available to cattle rearers at their houses through a facility called para-vet. Besides, a cow sanctuary will also be established at Susner in Shajapur district for conservation of cow progeny. The action plan for the cow sanctuary has also been chalked out by the department yet.Vishnoi informed that the storage capacity of ice-chilled semen at Bhadbhada-based Central Semen Bank will be increased to 25 lakh dozes. At present, 12 lakh dozes of iced semen are being produced at this centre. He informed that a 15-crore scheme has also been chalked out for embryo technique. Embryos of advance progeny will be developed in the first phase of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11369036", "title": "Tractor-trailer causes breach in water channel", "text": "ROHTAK: More than 400 acres of agricultural land was submerged after a breach developed in the Delhi parallel carrier channel of West Yamuna Canal near Badwasni village on Tuesday night. District administration managed to plug the breach after 20 hours of effort on Wednesday evening.Sonipat SDM Jag Niwas, who was supervising the plugging operation, said the breach occurred after a tractor-trailer carrying sugarcane hit an electricity pole. That resulted in another pole on the bank of the channel getting uprooted. Water from the channel started seeping out from the uprooted spot and gradually, the canal got breached. Niwas said revenue department officials were put on duty to assess losses and flooded area. \"Demand for compensation would be forwarded to higher authorities,\" he said. Farmers demanded that government should order special girdawari to assess the loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11374620", "title": "SBI opens blind friendly ATMs on \u2018Braille Day\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: In a first of its kind of initiative, blind friendly and barrier free Automated Telling Machines (ATMs) were inaugurated in the city on the occasion of World Braille Day on Wednesday.Terming the launch as a milestone, founder of the NGO Arushi Anil Mudgal said, \"We had approached the State Bank of India two weeks back for constructing blind and disable friendly ATMs in the city so that the blind are also able to enjoy banking facilities without any problems.\"On the occasion of World Braille Day, these ATMs were inaugurated at two locations in the city, Red Cross and Sarojini Naidu Girls PG College. Both these ATMs are fully equipped with ramps and railings for wheelchair users and special provision for the blind account holders.Text to speech software has been installed to make the ATMs voice enabled so that the blind are able to decipher the commands displayed on the ATM screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11371080", "title": "One held for BPO staffer's assault in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 26-year-old man, who, along with two of his accomplices, allegedly attacked a physically challenged BPO employee at Kokan Nagar in Bhandup (W) on Tuesday, has been arrested. The incident occurred around 1.45 am when Sachin Vaigankar got down from his office car. Vaigankar, who moves around on a Jaipur Foot, said, \"I have not seen the attackers before. I got down from the office car and suddenly, I was attacked.\"Police arrested one of the accused, Yogesh Rokde (26). They are searching for the other two accomplices. All three are history-sheeters.Senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda said, \"It could be a case of road rage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369225", "title": "BMC to get green vehicles", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC's) much-delayed plans to purchase non-polluting Bharat Stage IV (akin to Euro 4) compliant vehicles may finally see light of the day, in no small measure due to the gentle prod from the Bombay High Court. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi on Wednesday asked the corporation to go ahead with its plans to purchase/invite tenders for 211 vehicles, including fire engines, ambulances, dumpers and garbage compactors.The court was hearing an application filed by the BMC seeking exemption from the Bharat Stage IV rules, saying manufacturers were not able to supply vehicles which comply with the BS-IV emission standards.The court said that the civic body could not be permitted to violate the rules. It has asked the corporation to place orders for the vehicles where tender process had been completed. In other cases, the court directed the BMC to invite tenders, but award the bids only after the civic polls on February 17 as the election code of conduct was in place. \"Do the spade work (to procure the vehicles) now, you can award the tenders later,\" said the judges. The HC asked the manufacturers, Tata Motors and Ashok Leyland , to expedite delivery of the vehicles for which orders had been placed.Advocate Geeta Joglekar, counsel for the BMC, said though the corporation had issued tenders for some vehicles in 2010, they were not delivered yet since BS-IV vehicles were not available. \"This is affecting the day-to-day functioning of the corporation,\" she said. As per a 2010 rule enacted by the Centre, all vehicles purchased after April 2010 had to be BS-IV complaint.The BMC's application was in connection to a PIL filed by the Smoke Affected Residents' Association and the Bombay Environmental Action Group over a decade ago. As a result of the PIL and HC orders to implement the V M Lal committee report, over 45,000 polluting taxis running on diesel were converted to CNG. Over 1 lakh autorickshaws plying in the suburbs also had to covert to CNG engines. All commercial vehicles like buses and trucks which were over eight years old were banned from Mumbai, unless they converted to CNG. The BEST's entire fleet was changed to CNG or BS-IV.The PIL's plea to implement the committee's other recommendations -a traffic restraint scheme -is pending before the HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11374687", "title": "High rises: Panel seeks time", "text": "INDORE: The much-awaited meeting on approval to ten high-rise in Indore on Wednesday ended without any decision on the fate of the buildings. The meeting has now been scheduled a fortnight later.The meeting started early morning with proposals to approve 10 high-rise in different parts of the city. After initial discussions, some members, including SSP A Sai Manohar said before giving approval they wanted to visit the site for inspection. The members also said they needed time to understand building bylaws and Town and Country Planning rules.During the discussion, divisional commissioner Prabhat Parashar, who was presiding over the meeting told the members that advocate Manohar Dalal had given a notice under Section 42 (A) of the Town and Country Planning Act, asking the committee to desist from taking the decision on the high-rise buildings.It was decided to seek Advocate General's opinion andtake a decision during the next meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11368972", "title": "Five of family get lifer", "text": "AMRAVATI: Achalpur court sentenced five members of a family to life imprisonment for setting afire their daughter-in-law.Victim Vanmala alias Uma Pawar (21) had married Shiva Pawar during mass marriage ceremony on August 13, 2008. Vanmala's husband and in-laws started harassing her immediately after marriage. Tired of mental and physical torture, Vanmala left her husband's home. However, the two reconciled after some relatives intervened.Finally, Vanmala returned to her in-law's house in Wadner Gangai in Daryapur tehsil. The very next day i.e. on December 17, 2009 Vanmala was set afire. In her dying statement, Vanmala revealed that her in-laws bashed her black and blue, impounded her in one of the rooms before setting her afire.On the basis of her statement, offences were registered against Shiva, brothers-in-law Shakti Pawar and Vishnu Pawar, mother-in-law Chandrakala and father-in-law Panjab Pawar.Before delivering the verdict, court examined 17 witnesses. District and session judge RU Deshmukh convicted Shiva and four other accused of murder and sentenced them to life imprisonment. They were slapped fine of Rs 1,000 for murder and two years imprisonment along with fine of Rs 250 each under Domestic Violence Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11373704", "title": "RSS lectures BJP for picking 'tainted' leaders", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP's choice of recruiting new leaders in Uttar Pradesh has not impressed the RSS, the party's ideological guide.The RSS, in an editorial in its Hindi publication Panchajanya, has urged people in Uttar Pradesh not to elect candidates who have criminal cases against them or have a record of changing their parties frequently.The organisation says all political parties lack internal democracy.The RSS's comments may embarrass the party which is already under criticism for welcoming former BSP leaders Babu Singh Kushwaha and Badshah Singh, both removed by UP chief minister Mayawati on corruption charges.The decision, widely perceived to have been made by party president Nitin Gadkari , has divided the BJP into two camps.One is backing Gadkari on the grounds of \"social engineering\" and the other against it, believing it will damage the party's high decibel anti-graft campaign.Kushwaha is a leader from the other backward classes (OBC). The BJP is hoping to get the non-Yadav OBC vote, especially after the OBCs lost some of their quota to backwards among minorities.Kushwaha himself said he was against the OBC share being given to minorities. He added he was ready for any probe on graft, but dubbed the CBI \"selective\".Singh is a Thakur from Bundelkhand, where Rahul Gandhi is trying to gain a foothold and which is also an area Mayawati has promised will be given full statehood in her plan to split UP into four parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "11369534", "title": "Devotees protest TTD\u2019s VIP bias", "text": "TIRUMALA: Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) found itself in a tight spot when over 200 devotees Wednesday staged protests at its joint executive's office against the poor arrangements on the eve of Vaikunta Ekadasi and Dwadasi.Devotees wearing Govinda mala, who scaled the hill on foot, were aghast on learning that almost all rooms and cottages had been allotted to high-profile and VIP pilgrims.The protests paralysed vehicular movement for some time. Sources said TTD expressed its helplessness to the pilgrims who were told that there would be no darshan for them since all darshan tokens had been exhausted for Vaikunta Ekadasi.Sources said many rooms have already been occupied by the high and mighty. TTD chairman K Bapiraju alone is learned to have issued around 10,000 passes under pressure from VIPs.Although not confirmed, around 20,000 VIP passes have been issued for the important festival on Thursday.Top police bosses were given around 300 passes, sources said.While the common devotees seethed with rage, the influx of VIP pilgrims kept mounting on Wednesday. Top politicians, corporate tycoons, high-profile jurists and bureaucrats arrived in Tirumala a day in advance for Vaikunta Ekadasi.Ministers Danam Nagendar, Ponnala Lakhshmaiah, MPs lPonnam Prabhakar and Girish Sanghi, local Congress MLA Chiranjeevi and his family were among high-profile politicians who will have a darshan of Lord Venkateswara in the early hours on Thursday.With more than three lakh pilgrims descending on Tirumala for the Ekadasi and Dwadasi festivals, TTD has its hands full.Surprisingly, the devotee turnout was low on New Year eve because of the threat from cyclone Thane.\"The pilgrim turnout has now doubled for Vaikunta Ekadasi as those who missed darshan on New Year day are now keen to make amends,\" a senior official said.Meanwhile, it was learnt that those taking the free darshan would be allowed entry through the second Vaikuntham queue complex while devotees who come by foot have to queue up at Narayanagiri Gardens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "11372836", "title": "Lankan navy personnel pelt stones at TN fishermen", "text": "RAMESWARAM: About 800 fishermen who went to fishing near the International Maritime Boundary Line Katchatheevu had to return after Sri Lankan naval personnel allegedly pelted stones at them, official sources said here today.The naval personnel in five boats surrounded the boats of the fishermen and pelted stones at them, forcing them to leave the area without fishing last night, the sources said.The fishermen escaped without getting hurt by ducking in their boats, the sources said.Katchatheevu was ceded to Sri Lanka by India in 1974.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370956", "title": "Booking of VIP, other numbers starts today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The registration and licencing authority (RLA) of the Chandigarh administration is going to start booking of VIP and other vehicle registration numbers of the new series - CH01AL - from Thursday.According to information, the new vehicle registration series will have a total 9,999 registration numbers, out of which around 400 VIP and other 'preferred' numbers are expected to be kept for an open auction. The advance amount for these numbers would be between Rs 5,000 to Rs 25,000 per number.Sources in RLA informed that to simplify the process, the authority is going to ask that advance payment for participating in the auction be made through demand draft instead of cash payment. \"Earlier, we had been taking cash from people participating in the auction, but it was quite difficult to return the money to the unsuccessful bidders, as we had to take approval from various departments and officers. In this process the unsuccessful bidder had to wait for four to six months, therefore we have decided that the applicants make the payment through demand draft, so that it can be returned to the unsuccessful applicant on the spot,\" said an official of the RLA.The RLA is expecting a good amount of money from the upcoming auction of the vehicle registration numbers and therefore is thinking about keeping maximum number of 'preferred' numbers for the auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374478", "title": "Mausam is one of my most memorable films: Sonam", "text": "Sonam Kapoor has no qualms about speaking her mind.Be it about her failed past relationships, failed films or her excess weight. The actress doesn't shy away from admitting to her mistakes or drawbacks. However, mess with the actress, blame her for something she didn't mean to say and there's no way, Sonam will take it lying down.A daily tabloid reported how the actress had quoted in a film magazine that the pace of Mausam was the reason why it didn't click with youngsters, it being the biggest flaw.Reports of her not getting along with Shahid had also been doing the rounds for a long time. Both Shahid and Sonam however denied the news.Sonam clarified herself by stating, \"Just to let everyone know I love every film I've been part of! And the journalist who wrote that horrendous article has a bone to pick with me. Mausam is one of my most memorable films, and having some jerk trying to pull it down is a terrible feeling.\"Celebrities have taken to Twitter to clarify their stands. After cricketer, Virat Kohli justified his act of showing middle finger to the SCG crowd by stating what provoked him to do so, Sonam doing the same each time her performance or statements are criticized only seems inevitable.Sonam's New Year resolution of acting diplomatic seems to have ended even before it was practised!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11367930", "title": "Spect-CT scan can help detect cancers early", "text": "NAGPUR: Rainbow Medinova Diagnostic Services has added a state-of-the-art diagnostic facility-the single photon emission computerized tomography or Spect-CT scan-that can pick up abnormal changes in any organ of the body and thus diagnose disease like cancer much earlier than other scans. Termed as functional or cellular imaging in medical terms, this upgraded CT scan compared to conventional (structural) imaging can additionally detect the changes in functioning of an organ at very early stage using hybrid imaging technology.The new nuclear medicine machine has an improved version of a gamma camera that costs Rs 1 crore. It will benefit cancer, heart, brain, kidney and thyroid patients specifically.\"The new machine has an added advantage that it can superimpose images obtained by CT scan and MRI over Spect scan using a special software. Since it is a nuclear medicine tool, patient is injected with some isotopes in negligible quantities that can pick up the cancerous changes in bones or any organ extremely accurately,\" said Dr Kausik Chatterjee, nuclear medicine expert at Medinova. He, however, admitted that the nuclear scan alone has its limitations as it could not detect structural defect in organs.Dr Rajeev Dhakne, managing director of Medinova, claimed it was the first and only lab in city with such a facility. \"The new equipment actually uses a combination of images obtained through nuclear imaging, CT scan and MRI. Nuclear images depend on the metabolic activity within any organ. Cancerous area has exaggerated metabolic activity as cancerous cells grow very fast. This activity is picked up by nuclear image while change in structure in organ is picked by other imaging methods,\" he said.The Spect scan is an extremely handy tool also for detecting cardiac or heart problems. \"The new imaging provides information about the actual blood flow in heart muscle, pump function and create hybrid images fusing the perfusion and CT angiography images. It can also conduct a fast renal scan and give picture of functioning of the kidney,\" said Dr Shekhar Bhagwat, medical director of the services. Except for the heart scan which could cost about Rs 10,000, tests on organs like thyroid, kidney, cancer etc would cost about Rs 4000.Spect-acular advantage* Based on real time imaging* More accurate and early diagnosis due to use of combination of nuclear, CT and MRI technologies* Wider application spectrum* Chances of false positive minimized* Patients with pacemakers too can be put on scan* No risk of allergic reaction due to use of isotopes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370225", "title": "Cops foxed by mysterious visitors at Nirma farmhouse", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The men who broke into the Nima farm house of Nirma's chairman Karsanbhai Patel on Sarkhej-Gandhinagar Highway were not robbers. Despite having breached the farm house's security cordon the goons did not make any move to penetrate into the campus any further and when one of the frightened security guards, after he was immobilised by the goons who tied his hands and feet, offered to hand over his money and mobile phone, the goons shot back - \"We are not robbers.\"This strange conduct has only added to the mystery surrounding the incident that took place in the wee hours of Wednesday. The goons got away through the main gate. They took the gate's keys from one of the guards. Half-an-hour after the gang left, one of the guards was successful in untying himself. He then informed guards patrolling near the new bungalow. Surprisingly, the gang had made no attempt to go near the new bungalow which was being guarded by six security personnel.When the matter was reported to the cops, superintendent of police, Ahmedabad (rural), Rajiv Ranjan Bhagat rushed to the spot with a dog squad and forensic investigators. The cops have recovered a knife from the bungalow.Bhagat said: \"We are quite surprised and mystified by the incident. Loot was not the motive. The goons were asking all the guards about somebody called Ashok Sawant. We are yet not clear on who is Ashok and why the gang was so aggressively hunting for him.\" Gandhinagar police as well as Ahmedabad city police are helping Bhagat and his teams in probing the case.\"All the security officials deployed at the bungalow are Nirma employees. Usually, an armed guard is part of the security cover, but Tuesday was his weekly off. CCTV cameras too are there, but they were not operational on Wednesday,\" said a police official. Cops believe that the goons had walked for a long distance before getting into a car. \"Our sniffer dogs followed the goons' scent till Satellite,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11368925", "title": "Manpreet gets the 'cutting edge'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Candle, balloon, cake and violin may sound perfect for a romantic date, but pipping these election symbols, kite - the most popular icon of Punjab's auspicious festival - left three unrecognized parties seeking that \"cutting edge\" in the state's January 30 contest.The Election Commission on Wednesday announced the poll symbols - kite for the People's Party of Punjab, candles for Sarvajan Samaj Party (D) and a diesel pump for All India Minority Front.\"Kite flying is a craze when spring dawns in Punjab on Basant Panchami. That must be the reason behind political parties sending requests for this symbol,\" said Election Commission of India (ECI) secretary Varinder Kumar.The three parties had applied for election symbols to the Punjab CEO on December 30. Each one had kite in its preference list.\"We received the request last week, but we had categorically told these parties that requests for poll symbols will have to be marked to the ECI and not CEO, as the provision for reservation and allotment is vested with it (ECI),\" Gurkirat Kirpal Singh, deputy chief election officer, told The Times of India.The letter by Varinder Kumar to the CEO, Punjab, a copy of which is with TOI, states that concession in allotment of a common symbol to the three registered unrecognized parties has been accepted under the special provisions. The concession is given under Para 10 B of the Symbols Order 1968, which requires parties to have 10% of the total number of assembly constituencies.However, these new symbols shall be available for allotment to candidates in all other constituencies and even in those where the three parties do no actually field their candidates.A jubilant PPP supremo told TOI he was thankful to the ECI for having allocated the kite symbol to their party.\"It's an ominous sign for us. To be honest, we were earlier offered a list of very unimaginable symbols like razor, cricket bat, cake and bread, which really disappointed us. The kite has a great significance in Punjab. Two days before the polls, the state will celebrate Basant Panchami and the kite can be easily identified as our symbol,\" PPP spokesperson Arunjot Sodhi told TOI.The spring festival is celebrated in Punjab with kite flying, mainly of yellow colour, which represents the ripening mustard in fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372354", "title": "Just turned 60, now fearing the worst!", "text": "UAE is increasing in the number of expatriates, jobs, properties etc. But the hope of elderly expats living in this country is no where to be heard for. As soon as an employee reaches the age of 60+ he is given a limit of maximum 1 year before packing his family's bags up to return to their home county.Being an Indian expat and having spent all my childhood, schooling , college in UAE. Right from kg to college, eating out, Arabic shawarma, falafel and every little thing I have seen and lived has made UAE my 1 st home country. My dad has spent 35 years of his life from right before his marriage till his senior years. Alhamdulillah.One of my friends's dad has beenrecently sacked from his company because he reached the doomed age of 63. How is this justified when an expat reaches the age of 60+ his is not needed in the country, let aside the organization which is fixed by rules. Its feels like you get married to someone, spend years of your life with him and one day he just says \"You are not needed, you may go\" . Its simple as that. The expats love for the country is not understood and just because of the age factor he does not deserve to hold its sand.I strongly feel any expatriate who has spent 30+ years or even 20 , should deserve to stay and live there , its not just his life, his full family depends on him, what about his children who have just started their college, their dreams . The security and respect that UAE provides to a woman is incomparable to any other country, period. The fear of not being able to see its sunrise the next day is horrifying. We are so used to its sand, air and water a little change would make us sick.It's just not acceptable to any resident who has spent so many years of their life to turn their heads away from it and forgetting that they ever lived there.UAE is a welcoming place to every immigrant and should give the right for any senior expat to stay in that country by arranging new laws through their generation to support their family.Minimum pension plans along with reducing the amount of experience needed, especially for woman who are looking for jobs would really help us to find jobs easily and reducing the salary to sponsor parents would give a hope to keep our parents with us.After spending so many years , I believe there is no need to fear us becoming illegal expats, some liniency should be giving for elderly visas. What about the parents who have girl child's who are still studying? What about their future? Living protected for a lifetime and suddenly left into a foster care is scary.That is what every expatriate family fears when they reach a senior age. I am extremely attached to uae and really feel that this country should give every youth to give us the right to live here and support our parents in their elderly age rather than pushing us back to where we \"belonged\" in the past because we still belong here and this is our present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370276", "title": "Committee threatens stir against eviction", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after hawkers were evicted from Harish Mukherjee Road, a section of them attempted to return to the pavement opposite SSKM Hospital.Members of the Aituc-affiliated Calcutta Hawkers' Men's Union alleged that they have been unfairly evicted from the pavement for they had been allowed to sit there by the Left Front-led Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) board. The police removed the hawkers and a picket was posted on the road to keep them out.Later, the Union and the Hawker Sangram Committee held a press meet. They submitted a list of the evicted hawkers who had been permitted by the KMC to sell their wares there. It was also pointed out that hawking could not be prevented opposite a hospital.\"Since the hawkers were not encroaching the adjacent pavement, they can't be thrown out. Neither the national hawker policy of 2004 nor the rules led down by the KMC-appointed apex committee prohibit hawking on opposite pavements. More importantly, these hawkers are not new entrants, as has been wrongly claimed. They have been there for years and were permitted to conduct business by the KMC,\" said Shaktiman Ghosh of the Hawker Sangram Committee.The hawker unions will have a meeting on Thursday to chalk out their course of action. \"We shall return to the Harish Mukherjee pavement. If we are prevented, then we shall launch a prolonged agitation,\" said Ghosh.He went on to allege that the police and the civic authorities were gulty of receiving bribes from hawkers who have encroached pavements. \"Rather than evicting legitimate hawkers, they should identify and haul up those who have been encroaching prohibited zones. We are ready to cooperate wioth the policein this regard,\" Ghosh added.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee said hawkers can't threaten the government or hold it to ransom.\"They are entitled to their opinion. But I don't have to listen to what they say. Our government has always been in favour iof hawkers, it remains so and will continue to support hawkers in future. But we are not going to listen to their self-styled leaders who are only interested in raising money. The KMC and the police is drawing up a policy which will be in place very soon,\" Mamata said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11373028", "title": "Bapi Sarkhel denied bail for second time", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Controversial contractor and trade union leader Bapi Sarkhel, who was arrested recently in connection with the violence near the proposed Posco project site in Jagatsinghpur district, was denied bail for the second time on Wednesday.The additional district judge of Jagatsinghpur turned down Sarkhel's bail application, forcing him to cool heels in Kujang sub-jail for some more days.Sarkhel was arrested on December 23, 2011, from Raipur in neighbouring Chhattisgarh. He was brought to Kujang and subsequently produced before the judicial magistrate first class, who rejected his first bail plea.Police said Sarkhel was arrested for rioting during the December 14 violence near Posco project area that left one dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372743", "title": "Collect &amp; deposit all arms from sensitive areas: DM to cops", "text": "KANPUR: District magistrate Hari Om has directed senior police officials to collect and deposit licensed firearms from sensitive and hyper-sensitive areas in the district. The order has been issued in view of model code of conduct for the state legislative assembly election scheduled on February 23.To ensure fair and peaceful election, joint magistrate Mala Srivastava has prohibited any person from carrying firearm, ammunition, sword, knife, lathi, and sharp-edged weapons at any public place in the district with immediate effect.\"The restrictions will not apply to government servants on election duty,\" the order says. Further, all arms licence holders in the district have been directed 'to deposit their weapons at the nearest police station or arms dealer shop in their jurisdiction immediately. The firearms deposited will be returned to the licence holders after the election is over.Besides, even exploding firecrackers in marriage functions and processions has been prohibited. Meanwhile, deputy district election officer Shailendra Kumar Singh on Wednesday asked all booth-level officers (BLO) to remain present at their voting centres from January 2 to 12 in compliance of Election Commission directives.In a circular, he said that the announcement of state legislative assembly election had already been made and the notification would be issued on January 28. The deputy election officer also said that a few voting centres which were in schools were not working, so election-related work could not take place there. He asked the incharges of such centres to open the rooms for BLOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369072", "title": "Nursery seats: 4-year-olds stranded", "text": "NEW DELHI: Children unable to secure admission to nursery last year still have nowhere to go. As four-year-olds now, they are eligible for admission to KG (pre-primary). However, most schools have not opened admission in KG this year citing zero vacancy. Schools say their class is full with the nursery batch getting promoted to KG.Though Ganguly Committee recommended KG as the entry level, almost all schools treat nursery as an official start to schooling leaving little scope for fresh admissions in KG. The high court is now likely to decide on the matter on January 6.\"My son will be four years old now so I was planning to apply in KG this year. But I was shocked after going through the admission notice of various schools. They are just not admitting students in KG. I have only one option to apply in nursery again,\" said Arti Jain, who lives in the Connaught Place area and had applied to more than 20 schools for her son's admission last year. Arti is not hopeful about nursery either. \"I will have to waste my son's academic year. Last year, several schools could not fill up all the reserved seats for the economically weaker section. So where did all of them go?\" she wondered. \"I have made a list of 22 schools I was keen on applying to. But only two of them have opened admissions in KG,\" she said.Another parent, Aneesh Kapur, did not try for admission last year when his son was a three-year-old, thinking he was too young to go to school. \"With my child aged four years now, I am left with no options. Only few convent schools admit students directly in KG. However, it seems quite unlikely to get through them as they have a quota for Christian candidates,\" he said.Be it DPS, Springdales, Mother's International School or Vasant Valley School - none has opened admissions in KG yet. Some schools may have a seat or two in this class only if the existing students in nursery withdraw.\"For us, the entry level is nursery. We may have two to three seats, but we will come to know of that only towards the end of this session if any student withdraws,\" said M I Hussain, principal, DPS Mathura Road.Suman Nath, principal, Tagore International School at East of Kailash, said, \"We do not have any vacant seat in KG. Parents of four-year-olds can take a chance and apply in nursery as there is no upper age limit. But then the probability of admission will be low for them as most other applicants will be three-year-olds.\"Though many schools give priority to three-year-olds in nursery, few like The Shri Ram School and The Indian School prefer older children at this level. Tania Joshi, vice-principal, The India School, said, \"We encourage a little older children in nursery. Often parents of four-year-olds also do not mind repeating nursery after play school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369158", "title": "Administration trying to declare results on polling day", "text": "NAGPUR: Apart from gearing up for the election programme, the administration of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is also striving to declare the results of the civic polls on polling day (February 16).Meanwhile, the standing committee meeting scheduled on January 5 has been cancelled following the code of conduct coming into force from Tuesday.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal told reporters that NMC will meet and discuss with the 12 returning officers who are expected to join in couple of days if declaring results on the polling day is possible.\"Besides, a letter has been sent to the divisional commissioner requesting for 12,000 staffers for conducting polling followed by counting. If I get the required staff and machinery, NMC will try its level best to finish the counting on the polling day itself. Discussions will be held with returning officers in this regard,\" said Jaiswal who returned from leave a day before as the code of conduct had come into effect.NMC is preparing to go in for counting on the polling day as per the directives of the State Election Commission (SEC). Declaring the election programme, the SEC stated that municipal corporations should go for counting on the polling day itself if possible or at any cost the next day.Jaiswal further said that the directives have been issued to ensure no posters, banners, party flags etc related to political parties or leaders remain in public property. \"Works that are underway will be continued to ensure continuation of proper basic amenities to citizens. The code of conduct will be implemented strictly,\" he said.Meanwhile, the officials concerned with the election programme have started the work under the leadership of additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and superintendent of election Ravindra Page. The process to chalk out a plan for conducting the election programme within given expenditure limit has started.As per SEC's directives, NMC may spend Rs 35 per voter on the election process. The number of voters will be around 20 lakh after addition of the supplementary list. Therefore, the total expense may go up to Rs 7 crore. The process to finalize polling booths is in the final stage and may go up to 2,800 as each polling booth should not have more than 800 voters.With declaration of election programme, the corporators have started to submit application for no due certificate that is mandatory for contesting the elections. Sixteen out of the total 141 corporators have submitted their applications. Corporator from Ramnagar Parinay Fuke was the first to submit his application on December 17, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11369577", "title": "Hooch deaths: Top cop shunted out", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In what could be an immediate fallout of the hooch tragedy in Krishna district and the adverse remarks of ACB top brass, the government has shunted out IPS officer PV Sunil Kumar from the excise department.Sunil Kumar had been in the excise department for the last 22 months holding the post of enforcement director even after he was elevated to the rank of IG some months ago.Although Sunil's transfer was on the cards for the past few weeks, the hooch tragedy which claimed 19 lives prompted the government to act.Also, after the recent raids on the liquor syndicates, ACB boss Bhubathi Babu is said to have submitted an adverse report to the government on the functioning of the IPS officer.When contacted, Sunil Kumar said that he himself had requested the government for a transfer. He said the government might have considered his transfer as he was proceeding to Uttar Pradesh as an election observer in a few weeks. DIG DS Chauhan has been appointed to take over as enforcement director.Sources said the government was also contemplating transferring deputy commissioner of excise in Krishna district Harvinder Singh. After two senior officers - assistant commissioner (enforcement) Bhaskara Rao and excise superintendent (ES) Adinarayana Murthy - were suspended, the government shifted Bhimavaram ES Srilatha to Vijayawada.Meanwhile, the government is considering appointing Krishna district collector SAM Rizwi as an enquiry officer to probe the hooch tragedy.Earlier, the government promised to appoint a retired bureaucrat to probe the episode.Sources said the government consulted three retired IAS officers who haveworked with the excise department and sought their services.With none of them expressing willingness to take up the job, the government reportedly decided to appoint Rizwi as enquiry officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369426", "title": "Contractor threatens to take buses off road", "text": "MUMBAI: A private firm operating the MBMT fleet of buses threatened to take buses off the roads unless its demands for a fare hike and a depot was met. Kestrel Infrastructure Ltd runs 102 buses, 50 of which were procured under JNNURM. The MBMC standing committee rejected the proposal due to poor quality of buses.On Tuesday, the firm started sending 'reminder letters' to the municipality . The contractor has sought a fare hike of Re 1 to Rs 4, due to rising fuel costs and demanded the hike on a par with BEST and TMT buses. The standing committee noted that the buses were below par compared to those in other cities. The contractor threatened to withdraw services if the demands are not met in 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370220", "title": "Mastermind of +92 scam arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The main accused of the +92 scam, Darshan Prajapati, 20, was arrested by Anandnagar police on Wednesday. Prajapati, said police, has cheated several people based in Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat by duping them with promises of lottery money. He amassed Rs 24 lakh in this manner.TOI had first reported about the scam in December, 2011, when unidentified persons opened savings accounts in a State Bank of India branch using personal details of two residents of Vishal Tower in Satellite area without their knowledge. The matter was then brought to the notice of the local police and bank officials. In their independent investigation, the residents found that the accounts were used to deposit money collected in the name of lotteries and lucky draws allegedly organized by major companies.Based on this report, the alert bank staff nabbed two of the scamsters - Jeetendra Rao, 20, a resident of Akshar Avenue, Anandnagar, and Ravi Rawal, 19, a native of Bhakrota near Jaipur in Rajasthan - on December 28. The duo was handed over to the Anandnagar police for further investigations. The two turned out to be small fries but during interrogation they revealed the name of Darshan as the mastermind .Based on this revelation, Anandnagar police arrested Darshan on Wednesday. Darshan claims that he has an engineering degree from a reputed institute. He claims that he was contacted a year back by a Mumbaikar named Zahid Gulfam. Under a business deal struck between the two, Darshan was required to send him recharge coupons for private companies offering satellite television services and receive commission in return.\"Darshan insisted that Zahid first deposit money in his bank account and Zahid complied to the demand. After six such dealings, Darshan noticed that an extra sum of Rs 17,000 was deposited in his bank account. When Darshan asked Zahid about this, the latter explained that it was an error on his part.When Darshan pressed for more details, Zahid extended another business proposal, albeit an illegal one. Zahid suggested that they should join forces in the illegal lottery scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368381", "title": "Govt stands firm as SC set to hear plea on Gen\u2019s age", "text": "NEW DELHI: A petition in the Supreme Court on the date of birth controversy relating to Army chief V K Singh that is expected to come up on Thursday may help settle the controversy even as the government is determined not to alter its view that the general's plea cannot be entertained.While the general might take a cue from how the SC responds to the petition that supports his claim that his year of birth is actually 1951 and not 1950, the government will also draw up its response accordingly. Gen Singh has contested the military secretary branch record of his year of birth as 1951.There is unanimity in the government that the record cannot be changed and that Gen Singh has taken up the matter rather late in his career. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh held a half-hour meeting with defence minister A K Antony on Wednesday, but the Army chief's case did not come up for discussion.There is a view in the government that Gen Singh has \"pushed the line\" on his age issue and refused to take the ministry's decision as final even after his statutory petition was rejected. Gen Singh's supporters, including Congress leaders from Punjab, feel the controversy should have been dealt with greater finesse.Punjab PCC chief Amarinder Singh wrote to Antony in his \"private\" capacity and some other senior leaders have also broached the subject with the defence minister.There is speculation that Gen Singh may either petition the Supreme Court or resign to ``restore his honour and integrity'' after the defence ministry rejected his claim of being born on ``May 10, 1951''.If Gen Singh takes either of the unprecedented steps, it will come as a major embarrassment for the government - already on the back-foot on several other issues. But MoD is sticking to its decision, which came after seeking the law ministry and attorney general's opinions, that Gen Singh's date of birth will stand at ``May 10, 1950''.MoD is ready to contest the Army chief's claim in court if it comes to that, as reported by TOI earlier. Simultaneously, MoD has begun the process to announce Gen Singh's successor, the current Eastern Army commander Lt-Gen Bikram Singh, on March 31, two months before Gen Singh retires on May 31, as is the norm.Even finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has stepped in to work out ``a compromise formula'', which even includes a post-retirement ambassador or governorship to Gen Singh. But the Army chief, who leaves for Myanmar on Thursday morning for a five-day trip, is yet to accept the offer.With competing lobbies working overtime, the 1.13-million strong Army's entire chain of succession hangs in balance. As of now, Lt-Gen Bikram Singh is slated to become the next Army chief when Gen Singh retires on May 31. But if Gen Singh's year of birth gets settled at 1951, then Northern Army commander Lt-Gen K T Parnaik will the next chief because the former will continue in office till March 2013. A Service chief can serve for three years or up to the age of 62, whichever is earlier, as per rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11368798", "title": "'CM's approval note on road issue not found'", "text": "MUMBAI: In a new twist to the Adarsh case, suspended state information commissioner and former principal secretary (urban development department) Ramanand Tiwari said on Wednesday that then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh's note approving the proposed reduction of the width of Captain Prakash Pethe Marg in Colaba was \"not to be found\" in the files.The reduction of the width of the road - which was initially reserved for the Colaba-Uran Link Road - from 60.97 m to 18.40 m had benefitted Adarsh. The reduction meant that the society got 3,824 sq m of land, while the remaining land- 2,669 sq m -came from a BEST plot.\"I have gone through the relevant files of the UDD but I have not come across the CM's approval on record. To my recollection, the notification dated April 10, 2002 (for deleting the width of the road), was put up before the chief minister and it was approved by him,\" said Tiwari, before the judicial commission,adding, \"But the noting regarding the approval of the notification is not found in the UDD file.\" The revelation came during his questioning by senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Jhaveri, counsels for the commission.Under the rules of business, the approval of the CM or the minister concerned was mandatory. Deshmukh was the CM, and was in charge of the UDD in 2002. Tiwari joined as principal secretary in UDD-II in 1999 and was posted as principal secretary in UDD-1 between 2002 and 2008.Tiwari admitted that before Adarsh applied for allotment of land, there was no record showing that the government intended to reduce the width of the road in Colaba.Captain Prakash Pethe MargCaptain Prakash Pethe Marg", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11368708", "title": "Std X, XII CBSE exams on March 1", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Board of Secondary Education Stds X and XII examinations will commence on March 1, the Std X examination will end on March 26 and the Std XII examination will conclude on April 13. The ICSE and the state board examination schedules have been announced earlier. The schedule of the CBSE examination has been posted on cbse.nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372520", "title": "Abhishek in Prakash Jha's next flim", "text": "After two back to back hits Rajneeti and Aarakshan, all eyes were on Prakash Jha's next venture.Rumours suggested that the filmmaker, who was toying with the idea of making a sequel to his 2010 hit Rajneeti, would team up with Amitabh Bachchan yet again. The truth however, is way different. Mumbai Mirror learnt that Jha will now team up with not the Sr Bachchan, but his son Abhishek for his next venture tentatively titled Chakravyuh.According to a source close to Abhishek, Jha and the actor were in talks for a really long time. \"Jha wanted Abhishek in Aarakshan and Rajneeti as well. But other commitments always kept Abhishek from accepting his earlier offers. Now finally, Abhishek ahs signed Jha's next where he plays the male lead.\"According to sources, Deepika Padukone might be the female lead opposite Abhishek. As for the other stars in the film, there is a strong likelihood of Arjun Rampal and Manoj Bajpayee being a part of the cast. \"Jha loved working with both Rampal and Bajpayee in Rajneeti. They might be a part of Chakravyuh as well,\" informed a source close to the project.However, as of now, only Abhishek Bachchan has confirmed his part in the project. \"The rest of the cast will soon be finalised. Jha will make an official announcement very soon,\" said the source.The film that will go on floors later this year, will be shot outside Mumbai. Abhishek and Jha remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11372393", "title": "US State Department acknowledges 'goof up' in its India maps", "text": "WASHINGTON: As US State Department on Thursday posted a new map of India reflecting its long standing official position on the country's geographical boundaries, its spokesman acknowledged of having made a \" goof up\" in this regard, which had resulted in a strong objection from New Delhi.\"We made a goof and we fixed it and we're now back in compliance with our own cartographical policy,\" State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference as she announced the posting of the new and corrected maps of India on the website of the State Department and its travel related sites.The previous controversial maps, which showed parts of Jammu and Kashmir as part of Pakistan , was removed by the State Department in November after India's strong objection.India maintains that the entire State of Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of the country.\"I'm thrilled and relieved to tell you that we have now put the revised maps up on our website,\" she said.\"What you will see when you look at these maps is that they reflect the fact that the United States takes no position on the dispute and urges all the parties to seek a peaceful resolution to resolving the claims,\" she said.\"What you'll see on the maps is consistent with what the US geographic position has been consistently: that there is a dashed line representing the 1972 Line of Control, reflecting Kashmir's unresolved status,\" Nuland said.\"We neglected to actually label that dotted line in the last round of maps. It has now been labeled. The maps also add our standard disclaimer with regard to Kashmir that says that names and boundary representations are not necessarily authoritative. As I said, that reflects the fact that this is in dispute and the US takes no position on the dispute,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11368776", "title": "Senior Cong leaders to meet Sonia, Rahul", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior Congress leaders from Vidarbha will knock at the doors of Congress president Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi to protest against the failure of the state government to set up a government medical college at Gondia, the home town of senior NCP leader and heavy industries minister Praful Patel.A senior Congress leader claimed that on February 27, 2011, when chief minister Prithviraj Chavan was in Gondia for laying the foundation stone for a cultural centre, he had publicly announced that if his government decided to set up new medical colleges, Gondia would be given top priority.We were surprised to find out that when the cabinet took a decision to set up new medical colleges, Gondia was missing from the list and instead, Satara, the home town of CM will get a new medical college,'' he said.\"At a juncture when there was no end to backlog in all sectors, the government's decision to drop Gondia from the list, will result in major discontent against the Congress-NCP government. We will meet both Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi next week,'' he said.A senior medical education department official said, \"It's a fact that when Ashok Chavan was the chief minister, it was decided to set up medical colleges in Mumbai, Gondia, Nandurbar and Alibaugh. Accordingly, a high level team of medical council of India had visited Gondia for inspection of infrastructure and other facilities. MCI had in principal given the nod for Gondia in view of the 450-bed hospital there,'' he said.The bureaucrat said it was high time that the state government drafts a comprehensive action plan for filling up 560 vacant posts of medical teachers across the state, provide better service conditions to halt mass exodus and above all, ensure adequate financial support for the existing medical colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370764", "title": "Finalisation of investments worth Rs 70,000cr soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government might have switched to a defensive mode in terms of probable investments during the upcoming Pravasi Bharti Divas (PBD), however, industries minister Rajendra Pareek claims that over Rs 1 lakh crore investments is expected to flow into the state soon. Pareek further claimed that investments worth Rs 70,000 crore would be finalised within a month.\"The environment for investment in the state is extremely favorable now and we expect a flow of over Rs 1 lakh crore. Since the state introduced the single-window system, proposals worth Rs 80,000- Rs 85,000 crore have been received. Proposals worth Rs 70,000 crore are expected to be cleared within a month,'' Pareek said while interacting with the media after the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday.Pareek informed that during the meeting, the cabinet gave its approval to an investnment proposal of Regen Powertech Private Limited and L M Wind Power Blades (India) to establish a manufacturing unit for Wind Electric Generators and Rotor blades near Udaipur. The companies would be provided facilities of 75% VAT/CST reimbursement over a period of five years, exemption in entry tax on plant and machinery for five years besides others according to the provisions of RIPS-2010. \"Another proposal of Rs 15,000 crore investment by one Baba Kalyani Group to set up a 700 MW captive power plant in the state,'' he said.Pareek said the state is likely to get some major investments for the first time in steel, ceramics and cement sectors. \"A major steel plant is expected to come up in Karauli district while Bhilwara is expected to become a major hub in the sector. Cement plants are expected in districts like Jaisalmer, Nagaur, Sikar and Chittorgarh,'' the minister said.He further said that in order to felicitate investments in the ceramics sector, the state government has developed a gas grid in Alwar district. \"Raw material for the industry is all available in the state, which is currently being sent to Gujarat. The gas grid will ensure that the industry flourishes in the state,'' Pareek added.The state industries minister might be portraying a colourful picture in terms of probable investments but continued to play safe when it came to expectations from the PBD. \"It is a Central government event; all states would have a stall showcasing the facilities provided there for investors. There would be a special session on Rajasthan,'' Pareek said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368142", "title": "Team Anna reviews poll plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wary of a political backlash after its campaign against Congress in last year's Hisar Lok Sabha by-poll and the lukewarm response to Anna Hazare's Mumbai stir, Team Anna is divided on whether to extend the anti-Congress movement to poll-bound states.Team Anna's concerns increased after BJP was severely criticized for accepting former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha into its fold and Congress asked whether the activists will turn their guns towards the saffron outfit. \"Will Team Anna's anti-Congress convictions prevent it from criticizing BJP,\" Congress leaders asked.Questioned if the activists will continue to target Congress keeping in view of Khushwaha's induction in BJP, Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan said, ``There are divided views on the issue - on whether to go ahead with each party's stand in Parliament on the Lokpal or take a broader view of corruption within the system...There is a view within the group that it will be inadvisable to go ahead only on an anti-Congress line. A final decision will only be taken in the core committee meeting.''The rethink may also have been prompted by Congress's attack on BJP and Team Anna. Congress leader Ambika Soni said that Team Anna should also speak on such actions by BJP, something the activists have so far refrained from. Activists have chosen to continue targeting of Congress even after constant jibes that other parties like BJP, RLD and SP were as responsible for the Lokpal Bill falling through in Rajya Sabha.These issues are likely to come up in Team Anna's core committee meeting that will be held only after doctors declare Anna is healthy enough to be discharged from hospital. The anti-graft crusader's health has also been a key concern over the group's plans. Doctors in Pune said that Anna's condition was improving and he could be fit enough to leave the hospital by Sunday.The group plans to pay attention to the workers and volunteers with India against Corruption (IAC). When asked if the Amritsar incident was cause for concern Bhushan said, ``In any campaign we cannot control everybody who comes in support of the campaign or is associated with it. We can try as far as possible to communicate and train our volunteers on what should be done and hope that it will filter to others who support the cause.'' The group had drawn flak after some protestors claiming to be IAC volunteers had shown black flags to the PM on his visit to the Golden Temple on January 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369484", "title": "Auto expo starts: Brace for jams", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic congestion is expected on Mathura Road, Bhairon Marg, Ring Road, Shershar Road and Purana Qila Road because of the ongoing auto expo at Pragati Maidan. People visiting the auto expo are advised to take alternate routes, said officials.No vehicle will be allowed to park anywhere at Mathura Road and Bhairon Marg. Any illegally parked vehicles will be towed away, said traffic police. Visitors can park at Sunehri Pullah on Lodhi Road, Kushak Nala Barapullah and Ashpond behind Rajghat and avail the Park and Ride facility. The event will take place from January 5 to January 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11371230", "title": "State agriculture credit growth short of Nabard target", "text": "PATNA: Agriculture credit growth rate in Bihar, which was higher than the national average for the last five years, was only 33.33% till November, 2011. As against a target of Rs 21,102 crore set by Nabard in its State Focus Paper for the current fiscal year, Bihar's agriculture credit flow till November, 2011 was only Rs 7,000 crore.This had prompted state deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi to hold a special meeting of banks (which issues Kisan Credit Cards to farmers) and Nabard (which refinances the banks for agriculture credit) seeking village-wise list of agriculture credit borrowers and defaulters.Nabard CGM (Bihar) V Mohandoss told TOI that the government of India had instructed the banks to give the list of agriculture credit borrowers and defaulters to Nabard by October 31 to accelerate the credit flow to meet the target.Mohandos said with increased momentum in extending agriculture credit to the farmers, the banks would do the needful to meet the target in next three months. Nabard had estimated the potential of agriculture credit flow while setting the target of Rs 21,102 crore, he said.Increased agriculture credit flow to farmers would lead to make a dent into the moneylender system substantially to the relief of beneficiary farmers as the banks help them come out of the clutches of the money lender. Nabard monitors agriculture credit flow on monthly basis.Under a national programme, Nabard catalyzed launching of 4,000 farmers' clubs in villages across the state, which includes 259 village farmers clubs in Banka district alone, playing the role of change agent and a bridge between the farmers, banks and the government.Nabard AGM Sushant Mishra said the farmers' clubs were playing a vital role in financial inclusion of rural people. He said these clubs were also reaching the farmers the bank credit under potential linked credit plan, government facilities and also help the banks in recovery of credits.A new breed of business correspondents and business facilitators has emerged among the educated youths who are acting as a bridge between the rural people, farmers clubs and banks, Mishra added.Nabard provides refinance to the banks for providing 2% subsidy on interest payment to farmers who are prompt in repaying the agriculture credit to banks. Due to such subsidy total interest paid by the farmers on agriculture credit comes to only 4%.Under this scheme over six lakh farmers benefitted through four regional rural banks alone, whose figures are available with the Nabard headaquarters here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11368863", "title": "Centre promises aid to help small industries grow", "text": "COIMBATORE: The National Small Industries Corporation Ltd (NSIC) is setting up 10 incubation centers in Africa , which will provide aspiring entrepreneurs and emerging small enterprises a platform to develop skills, identify appropriate technology, provide hands-on experience on the working projects, manage funds through banks, and practical knowledge on how to set up an enterprise.The NSIC has started 45 rapid incubation models on a pilot basis in India and these were successful, said H P Kumar, Chairman and Managing director, NSIC New Delhi. He was speaking to reporters after the inauguration of the 13th edition of INTEC 2012, an international trade fair, organised by Coimbatore District Small Industries Association and NSIC (National Small Industries Corporation) in Coimbatore on Wednesday. \"The three-to-six month programme aims to develop entrepreneurs and the success rate is about 25 %,\" he said. The programme will be scaled up in the next three years.R K Mathur, secretary, micro, small and medium enterprises ministry (MSME), who was in town for the fair, said the process is on to start an exchange to help small and medium enterprises raise equity capital for their financial needs. This would give stability and strength to the industry and reduce the cost of finance. Approval has been received from SEBI and BSE and NSE are working on the details, he said.A BSE survey in this regard indicated that at least 5,000 companies in the sector required capital, Mathur said. He further said that that the Prime Minister's Task Force has sought a 20% growth in credit flow in MSME sector. This should grow to 60% in the next three years, he added. In the 11th five-year plan, the government had sanctioned Rs 100 crore, which has been utilised. The ministry has proposed a fund of Rs 5000 crore from the planning commission for the programmes during the 12 plan year, he noted.Mathur said the manufacturing sector, which contributes 16% to the national GDP, should be increased to 25% to 30%, for the nation to grow into a major world power. He said the ministry would extend all possible help, including monetary aid, to set up a world class testing laboratory in different fields in Coimbatore. He said it is necessary to develop the industry and take it to next level.Tamil Nadu industries minister S P Velumani who inaugurated the exhibition said the state government is working on an industrial policy to make Tamil Nadu the leader among industrialised states in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "11371160", "title": "4 fishermen held by Sri Lankan Navy", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Four fishermen from Rameswaram, who ventured into the sea on Monday were allegedly arrested by the Sri Lankan Navy on Wednesday. Govindaraj (45), Arumuguam (35), Kumar (34) and Kalanjianathan (53) ventured into the sea in a boat belonging to one Bose. They were supposed to return on Tuesday morning but did not return after which a few fishermen took a search order from the fisheries department and went looking for their missing comrades.However, they were not able to trace them and returned to the shore. On Wednesday, when they went in search again, they found the boat, in which the fishermen had gone, was being towed away by the Sri Lankan Navy.NJ Bose, general secretary of the fishermen association said that fishermen from the rescue team informed them about the towing away of the boat by the Sri Lankan Navy. The four fishermen, along with their boat were taken to Thalaimannar, he said.The fishermen association has taken up the issue with the state fisheries minister, K A Jayapal and the fisheries department who have assured help.\"We have approached the Congress state president, Gnanadesikan to get the Centre's help in this regard. We hope that they will be released like other 35 fishermen, who were released by Sri Lanka on Tuesday,\" Jayapal said.On Tuesday, Sri Lankan Navy repatriated 35 fishermen who were stranded in Sri Lankan waters due to cyclone Thane. The fishermen from Nagapattinam, Thanjavur and Pudukottai districts who went into the sea before the cyclone intensified were caught in the mid-sea and their boats drifted into Sri Lankan waters. The island navy, after preliminary inquiries handed them over to the Indian Coast Guard who brought them to Mandapam on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372410", "title": "Weather turns cloudy", "text": "KANPUR: After a spell of bright sunshine, the weather took a U-turn on Wednesday afternoon. Thick clouds and strong winds brought down the temperatures. Some areas even witnessed light showers during the evening.According to weather experts, a Western disturbance over Himalayan region brought about the sudden change in weather. \"The weather trend would remain similar in the coming days. Strong and chilly winds will lower temperatures throughout the region,\" said CB Singh, meteorologist at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology.He went on to add that the cloud cover over the region was responsible for the weather. \"There are convective clouds over northern and western India which have caused rain and snow in some areas. There is some cloud cover over the city too which has caused a dip in maximum temperature and a rise in minimum temperature,\" he said.The minimum temperature on Wednesday was 9.2 degree Celsius which was one degree less then that of Tuesday. The maximum temperature however remained at 20.2 degree C. Humidity levels also went up on Wednesday; the morning humidity recorded by CSA was 97%, while the humidity in the afternoon was 78%.According to the meteorological predictions, this weather is likely to continue till Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374441", "title": "3 Bachelors", "text": "CreditsDirector: Ajai Sinha Cast: Sharman Joshi, Riya Sen , Raima Sen , Manoj Pahwa, Himani Shivpuri, Manish Nagpal, Master Salin, Master Kashish, Nigar Khan Music: Daboo Malik. Banner: UV News Media &amp; Communication Limited Producer: Pramod Sharma Release Date: January 13, 2012SynopsisMischievous Amit (Sharman Joshi) and shy Jai (Manish Nagpal) are two small town boys who come down to Mumbai for admission in Dhariwal College. To his credit, Amit ends up in a jam when he teases Neha (Raima Sen) and Nisha (Riya Sen) on the very first day of college and manages to drag poor Jai into this mess too. They are brought in front of principal Shalini Devi (Himani Shivpuri) and somehow manage to keep their admission in the college intact. But their biggest problem is that they don't get a room in the college hostel. Not being very affluent, the boys can't just go to a hotel or rent a furnished flat for the duration of college. They employ the help of an estate agent, who finds them a client who rents out a room in her house for cheap, the only condition being: no single men allowed, only families/married couples. Desperate times call for desperate measures. Jai is transformed into Jaya and Amit is the lucky husband. When the tenant couple goes to meet their landlady, they stand dazed to find out that it is their college principal Shalini Devi. Innocent to the con, Shalini Devi agrees to allow this couple in her home. The double whammy for the \"couple\" arrives when, the next morning, Amit and \"Jaya\" find out that Shalini Devi has two nieces.... The very two beautiful girls they got into trouble with in college: Neha and Nisha.Now starts the real confusion of romance and love. Amit falls madly in love with Neha but she of course doesn't look at him because according to her he is married. Nisha falls hard for Jai in college without knowing that he is playing wife \"Jaya\" to Amit. On the other hand Jai refuses to indulge her advances as he wants to sincerely concentrate on his studies and make his parents proud.The whole college is exasperated with Principal Shalini Devi's autocracy and strictness so both Amit and Jai involve their professor Deepak Verma in a crazy plan. They encourage Deepak to have an affair with Shalini. They think that love can change everything and if Shalini falls for Deepak then maybe she will become softer and loving towards the whole world in general. Amit and Neha coach Deepak in the matters of the heart and love.The college campus is now ringing with love stories of three couples. Amit-Neha, Jai-Nisha and Deepak-Shalini. And just when these stories are about to reach a happily ever after, comes the climax with a resounding BOOM. Everyone's real identity and real reasons for falling in love are discovered by each other and all hell breaks loose.The BOOM happens but it does not destroy as expected - The climax shows how Amit wins Neha; how Nisha convinces Jai that love is not a hindrance but rather enhances life and how the strict Shalini finally starts purring like a pussy cat because of her love for Deepak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11369016", "title": "Haridwar seer killed in car collision", "text": "PANCHKULA: In yet another hit-and-run case, an 83-year-old ascetic was killed and four others injured on Raipurrani road when an Innova car, in which they were travelling, was hit by a Ford Endeavour late Wednesday evening. The deceased was identified as Vedeka Nanda, head of Omkareshwar Math at Haridwar, while those traveling with him included Tapesh Chandra, Purnima Chandra, Naath Chandra and Anandita.All the five were rushed to a local hospital in Raipurrani and they were further referred to General Hospital, Sector 6 Panchkula, here Nanda was declared brought dead. The driver of the Ford Endeavour managed to flee. The seer was on way to Mohali. \"We have taken the car into our possession and would soon arrest the driver,\" said station house officer of Raipurrani police station, Harbhajan Singh. People accompanying Nanda alleged that he did not get treatment on time, which led to his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370893", "title": "Over 250 pledge eyes through PU students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The eye donation pledge crusade started by youngsters from Panjab University has now crossed the figure of 250 donors.'Junoon,'-a pledge campaign launched by Gaurav Gaur, a lecturer from department of social work, along with students of various departments, witnessed participation from school, college and university students.\"Series of interactions were held with students in Post-Graduate Government College-42 and Post-Graduate Government College-11 where students showed enthusiasm towards the noble cause of eye donation. Several students even inquired about donating other body organs too apart from their eyes,\" said Gaur. Bringing city's education fraternity together, from government school teachers to students across various colleges and university, this campaign was started in association with the department of ophthalmology, PGI.\"The donors who register for donation are issued smart cards for their contribution by PGI's department of ophthalmology,\" added Gaur.The volunteers even spread awareness among students tomake them understand the concern behind this cause. Lending support to the campaign that started from their campus, university students across different departments have now begun promoting the cause through departmental festivals.Students of School of Communication Studies (SCS) for instance had promoted the idea during their event 'Soch'.Gaur said the awareness can be best spread through a chain reaction. \"Those who pledge to donate, then make others aware of donation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369279", "title": "Government to car dealers: Waive handling charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you're planning to buy a new car, here's some good news. The transport department has sent a circular to dealers in the city, ordering them not to levy \"handling charges\".These charges are part of the final bill given to consumers, in addition to the registration fees and the requisite taxes. The circular says that handling charges are not part of the permit conditions given to dealers, and any such levying of charges will prompt strict action against the erring dealer.Said a senior official, \"For some years, automobile dealers have been charging a certain amount of money as handling charges. However, since there weren't any complaints, no action had been taken. But now, we have asked dealers not to charge the amount, as it is not part of the permit conditions.\" The circular, which was issued last week, on December 30, 2011, expressly stops the levying of the handling charge, which ranges between Rs 5,000-25,000, depending on the make of the car, added sources.The action on the part of the transport department comes after a PIL was filed some time ago, where it was brought out that the handling charges being levied by dealers was contrary to transport department regulations, and had alluded to the collusion of the department in the practice. Officials claimed that the department hadn't taken action as no complaints had been lodged. \"Now though, if a complaint comes in about the dealer continuing to charge the handling charges, the department will immediately take action,\" said the official. The handling charges were levied by dealers for transferring the vehicles between the office of the transport department and the dealer offices, as well as for keeping the vehicle in the dealer's property till it was picked up by the customer.Meanwhile, on Wednesday an association of car dealer's in the capital approached the Delhi High Court urging it to hear them in connection with a PIL alleging illegal levying and collection of several charges from car buyers.A bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw permitted the association to become a party to the public interest litigation and listed it for further hearing on January 25. The bench also asked the association to file its response to the PIL after it claimed it should also be heard since any direction emanating from the bench on the PIL will affect the car dealers.During the hearing, Commissioner and Deputy Commissioner (Operations) of the Transport Department appeared before the court and said there was no mechanism in place to check levy of illegal charges by car dealers from buyers. He assured the bench steps are being taken to ensure no illegal charges are levied. The court had on December 21 directed the officials to personally appear before it on the PIL that alleged car dealers are levying several illegal charges and also sought a CBI inquiry into the nexus between officials and car dealers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11372481", "title": "Conference on tropical rivers at IIT-K", "text": "KANPUR: The IIT-Kanpur is organising a three-day conference on 'Tropical Rivers' on its premises from Thursday.Noted scientist Vinod Gaur will be delivering the plenary lecture on the subject 'The Fluid Earth'. The event has been organised at Outreach Auditorium in IIT-Kanpur. A number of scientists and researchers are taking part in the conference. Prof Rajiv Sinha from IIT-Kanpur would be representing IIT-Kanpur at the conference. Director, IIT-Kanpur, Prof SG Dhande would be presiding over the function on day one.Snighha Ghatak, Geological Survey of India, would also be presenting her views during the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369093", "title": "5 killed as blast brings down roof", "text": "NEW DELHI: An eight-year-old child and four others were crushed under the ceiling of a house brought down by an explosion on Wednesday morning.Eight other occupants of the building were injured in the accident reported from the Mundka area of West Delhi. Police said the blast probably resulted from leaking cooking gas. It brought down the common roof over two adjacent rooms as well, battering and crushing the occupants with bricks and slabs of concrete.All the victims were day labourers who had come to Delhi from Chhapra in Bihar and different parts of West Bengal.The dead were identified as Hema (8), Avinash (12), Santosh (18), Pawan (32) and Supan Singh (60). Some of the victims had arrived in Delhi just a month back and were looking for work.One of the survivors told the police that the blast occurred around 7am when one of them woke up and switched on the light and the television. Investigators said the LPG cylinder inside the room had been leaking and gas had built up through the night as the only window and the door were shut. They suspect that an electrical spark set off the blast. They found the cylinder empty but intact while the TV was badly burnt. Officers said they would make an official announcement of the cause after concluding the probe.A numbing silence greeted the TOI team at the accident site - 144, Friends Enclave. The survivors could collect their thoughts and feelings with difficulty.Bittu (15), who lost two siblings, said, \"I woke up with the rubble on my body and heard my relatives screaming. After some time, people pulled me out and took me to hospital. I was not seriously injured but have lost a brother and a sister. My parents are being treated in the hospital. I have no idea what's going to happen next\". Bittu's mother Sheela Devi also escaped serious injury and was discharged but his father Badri is still in hospital. The survivors and their neighbours later cleared the rubble and salvaged their belongings to make a new start.While the police have registered a case, the state government has announced compensation for the victims. \"As per norms, compensation of Rs 1 lakh will be paid to the next of kin of minors who died in the accident. For adults, the amount is Rs 2 lakh. The injured will get financial assistance of Rs 50,000 in case of severe injury and Rs 10,000 for minor injury,\" said GS Meena, deputy commissioner-revenue, West district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11372118", "title": "Will BSP maintain its stronghold in Chandauli", "text": "VARANASI: The Chandauli district will also go to assembly poll for the first time after delimitation with some changes in its constituencies. Though the number of assembly constituencies remains the same in the district after delimitation, two new constituencies, Sakaldiha and Saiyadraja, have come into existence while two constituencies, including Dhanapur and Chandauli, have been merged.The two newly emerged seats--Sakaldiha and Saiyadraja-- will witness first assembly election this time. According to records, after delimitation, the Mughalsarai seat includes the area of Alinagar, Madhupur, Jashuri, Gorari, Dulhipur, Mughalsarai railway settlement and parts of Chandauli tehsil. The Sakaldiha seat covers the areas including Chahania (North and South), Sakaldiha, Amaval, Paura, Dharahara, Dhanapur and other localities. The Saiyadraja seat has areas like Kamalpur, Maniyarpur, Amara, Babhaniyav Raypur, Dhanapur and part of Chandauli Tehsil. The Chakia (SC) seat includes Chakia Tehsil, Pratappur, Ramgarh, Majhwar Chandauli and other areas.In 2007 assembly poll three seats of the district were bagged by Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) while one seat was retained by the Samajwadi Party (SP). The BSP won Dhanapur, Chandauli and Chakia seats whereas the SP retained its Mughalsarai seat. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress were out of the scene in the district in 2007 assembly election.In 2007, the BJP replaced its winning MLA by another candidate on Chakia (reserved) seat, but it lost it to the BSP that opened its account in the district. Chakia is the home constituency of the BJP's former national president Rajnath Singh . Earlier, BJP had also lost this seat to SP in 1996, but regained it in 2002. The SP had won only once here in 1996 while BJP won the seat three times. The Congress, which had registered six victories in the past, today is nowhere on the scene. This constituency had witnessed the worst Maoist operation in November 2004 when 16 PAC and police personnel were killed in a landmine blast in the jungle.Mughalsarai, another existing seat after delimitation, has both urban and rural populace. The SP opened its account in 2002 election and retained the seat in 2007. The BJP had captured this seat in 1991 and continued to maintain its hold here, winning three elections in a row till 1996. The track record of the seat shows that it has been the Congress that registered six wins in the past. But it went out of the scene after its last victory in 1985. The Congress won the Mughalsarai seat in 1985, 1980, 1969, 1967, 1957 and 1951.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11371147", "title": "Srirangam all set for Vaikunta Ekadasi", "text": "TRICHY: A 4,000 strong police force apart, the main focus of the annual Vaikunta Ekadasi in Srirangam would be crowd management by the Tiruchirappalli Corporation that is all set to meet the needs of about two to three lakh people. As a novel plan, the corporation has deftly tried to channelize the religious fervour with a plastic-removal exercise. Commissioner Veeraraghava Rao has announced prizes of gold and silver coins to winners who dispose plastic garbage at designated places.There would be 51 plastic collection centres and every garbage lot would be exchanged for a prize winning token irrespective of the amount of the plastic garbage dumped or even nationality of the person who dumps it. Corporation workers would be ready to accept the plastic garbage lots at 9 am, 1pm, and 6 pm in all the centres. After the festival, five lucky winners would get a one-gram gold coin each. A 10 gram silver coins would be given to 21 winners, and 50 winners would be given energy saving bulbs, said Rao.Water would be available around the clock and 1,000 litre water tanks would be positioned at 51 vantage points. They would be filled by seven tankers as and when they are emptied. There would also be two mobile toilets vans in addition to 35 refurbished toilets through the 3 km stretch of Mambalachaalai and Ammamandapam. About 300 workers would be involved in the exercise through five shifts. There would also be four medical vans ready to attend to any emergency and the recently mounted digital banners would dish out periodic instructions.Srirangam which has traditionally been famous for the Sri Renganathar Swamy temple assumed greater significance this year after it became the legislative constituency of chief minister J Jayalalithaa who romped home with a comfortable majority and after assuming power announced a number of schemes to the temple including a high tech dormitory for the visiting devotees. There was a buzz throughout the day that the CM might visit the temple this festival, but a police officer said that the CM had taken a right decision not to because it would have been a gigantic job to control the crowd. However, a large number of judges are expected to visit, and their identity has been kept under wraps for obvious reasons, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11371037", "title": "Arun Ferreira walks to freedom", "text": "MUMBAI: Years of endless wait came to an end for the Bandra-based Ferreira family on Wednesday when their son, Arun, was released on bail from the Nagpur jail. He was accused of being involved in Naxalite activities.\"The bail was granted on January 2 but Arun was released today because we had to fulfill the bail conditions. He has filed a petition against the state government and police officials for denying him human rights,\" said Surendra Gadling, Ferreira's lawyer. The petition was filed at the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court and notices have already been sent to additional chief secretary (home), police and jail officials, among others.On Wednesday afternoon, Ferreira was released from Nagpur Central Jail and met his parents. He is expected to return to the city on Thursday. \"Arun and our family has been though a lot of torture for many years and we had to face all this without much support. We would like to be left alone for the time being,\" said Sanjiv Ferreira, Arun's brother.Arun Ferreira was arrested in May 2007 by the Dhantoli police and thereafter, serially arrested in seven other cases. After spending four years and four months in jail, he was finally acquitted of all charges and ordered to be released on September 27. But on the same day, commandos from Gadchiroli in civil clothes kidnapped Ferreira from the gate of Nagpur Central Jail and he was in their custody till Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11369754", "title": "1 held in dowry death case, released", "text": "VASCO: Five months after a case of dowry death was registered against the in-laws of Vidhya Naik from Dabolim, the police arrested four members of the family on Monday and one on Wednesday. All five have been released on bail.A case of dowry was registered with the Vasco police against deceased Vidhya's husband Siddhesh Naik, mother-in-law Kamal Naik, sister-in-law Ritika Mapsekar, Siddhesh's cousin Ashok Jaktab and his wife Shashikala Jaktab, who was arrested on Wednesday.According to the complainant, she was being harassed by her in-laws for dowry. Vidhya had a love marriage with Siddhesh in 2010. Though the complaint was registered a long time ago, the PI in charge of the case, Rahul Parab, failed to take immediate action. The case has been registered under Section 498 (A) and 4 of the Dowry Prohibition Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11371119", "title": "Techfest: IIT-B\u2019s annual festival to begin tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: 'Techfest 2012', the 15th edition of the Indian Institute of Technology , Bombay's (IIT-B) annual international science and technology festival, will be held at the IIT-B campus from January 6 to 8.The fest will feature more than 150 events wherein students will demonstrate their technical and knowledge skills through competitions, lectures, exhibition and workshops, among others. Over 5,000 students and people associated with technical education from Pune were part of the festival last year.This year, too, the organisers are expecting similar participation from the city.Nobel laureate Venkataraman Ramakrishnan and MP3 inventor Karlheinz Brandenburg will be among the prominent speakers during the festival.The competitions will be based on various genres such as machinery &amp; device making, coding , idea development. The festival will also feature 'Robowars', an inter collegiate event of combat robotics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370041", "title": "FDA suspends licence of 67 chemists", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has served show-cause notices to 95 chemist in Pune district since last April for not employing pharmacists, a mandatory requirement for a medicine shop. Of the 95 erring shops, the officers suspended licences of 67 medical stores and cancelled one.\"The FDA wants to ensure strict compliance of rules. Since April 2011 till date, we have served show-cause notices to 95 medical stores for not having a pharmacist. This is mandatory under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940,\" Sanjay Patil, joint commissioner FDA, Pune division told TOI on Wednesday. The erring medical shops were served notices for violation of Rule 65 (2) of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940.R E Bhilare, assistant commissioner (drug), Pune, said, \"As per the Act, no pharmacy outlet is allowed to work without a qualified pharmacist. All the 95 chemist shops that were served show-cause notices are from Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and the rural parts. Among them, we have suspended licences of 67 chemists and cancelled one chemist shop's licence. As many as 23 cases are pending for initiating action, which will soon be sorted out.\"\"A pharmacist is mandatory component in the distribution and sale of medicines and medical devices. He/she has to understand a doctor's prescription and give medicines accordingly,\" Bhilare said. In the absence of a pharmacist, there are chances that a medicine could be wrongly dispensed.\"There are various medications that sound similar. In such cases, eating the wrong medicine could harm the patient. Also, there are drugs which have slight differences in the way the names are spelled out but they may be totally different. If a medical shop does not have a qualified pharmacist, then an unqualified person could endanger patients' lives as he/she may not understand the significance of the side effects of the drugs,\" said paediatrician Shishir Modak, former president of the Indian Academy of Paediatrics, Pune branch.Besides, there are some drugs of various schedules which require careful scrutiny from a pharmacist. For example, oseltamivir or Tamiflu tablets, meant for swine flu patients, are to be given only when the prescription is available in duplicate (two copies of the prescription from the qualified registered medical practitioner).\"The issue of a medicine's expiry date is equally crucial. A pharmacist checks the expiry date and mentions it on the medicine bills. This is one type of a check so that medicines beyond their expiry date are not given to patients,\" said paediatrician Sharad Agarkhedkar, former president of IMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370943", "title": "This surgery is not just cosmetic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Determined to get back to good health, Reena, 24, who weighed 100kg opted for bariatric surgery and lost 20kg. Not only this, she has managed to stable her blood pressure and regain her lost confidence.\"My health was too bad, and I suffered high blood pressure and osteoarthritis with severe knee joint and back pain. I used to take steroids in high dosages to control the pain,\" she said.The purpose of bariatric surgery has shifted from mere cosmetic makeover to treatment of complications due to obesity. Nowadays, many patients visit hospitals for the surgery to reattain \"perfect\" health, to gain control over diabetes, arthritis and heart diseases. The surgery has come to be known as metabolic surgery, as it makes the body function normal.Surgeon at a Mohali hospital Dr Rudra Prasad Doley said, \"More and more patients suffering from knee pain due to severe arthritis or uncontrolled diabetes come for the surgery.\"However, doctors say that the bariatric surgery stops the flow of some hormone that produces hunger. \"Patients are counseled about the aftereffects. Unlike liposuction, which only removes fat from one particular area of the body, bariatric surgery helps in preventing weight gain for long. Patients are advised to balance their eating and exercising,\" said Dr Manmohan Bedi, a gastroenterologist in Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370973", "title": "From today, come, savour traditional Mylai flavours", "text": "CHENNAI: Want a traditional south Indian feast served on a banana leaf? Head to the Mylapore Festival, which aims to capture not just the sights and sounds of historic Mylapore but will try to serve the locale's authentic tastes too.\"Visitors look for what is local and unique to a place. Which is why we are starting an experiment in hospitality this year by arranging 'elai sappadu' at a typical Mylapore house on Sunday,\" says Vincent D' Souza, director of the four-day arts and heritage festival to be on till January 8. The festival, which will kick off with a concert by students at Nageswara Rao Park at 6.30am on Thursday, will be held in venues around the Kapaleeswarar temple. The idea behind the festival is to imaginatively make use of the spaces to organise events connected to Mylapore's heritage.At the 10th edition of the festival, organisers will try to inspire residents to offer insights into their lives. Apart from the hospitality experiment, there will also be art and craft shows, competitions and the famous 'kolam' contest.\"We will webcast the kolam contest live on Sunday on our website mylaporefestival .com. There is a lot of interest in kolams in many parts of the world,\" says D' Souza. Three visitors, who aim to capture the intricacies of kolam patterns traditionally created by women, are already here. Apart from French writer Chantel Jumel, academicians Deborah Keller from Texas and Sunita Watuk from New Jersey in the US are here to document kolams.\"We will sell books and stamps on kolams at the contest to be held on North Mada Street in the weekend. Also , the designs will be kept for one hour, turning the contest into an art exhibition,\" says D' Souza.A production titled 'Vanna Mayil' will be premiered at the main stage in front of the 16 pillar mantapam or hall, opposite the Kapaleeswarar temple in the evenings. The programme, which will focus on lesser known communities of Mylapore, will have dance and creative choreography by artist Revathi Ramachandran.There will also be puppet shows on Indian epics and mythological stories, apart from craft workshops and contests for children to be held at Nageswara Rao Park.Not to be missed are the art and craft zones with various stalls on East Tank Street and Pitchu Pillai Street, and the ever-popular 'Food Street' on Sundareswarar Street. For details, call 98405 44629 or 2499 4599 or log on to www.mylaporefestival.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11369033", "title": "IIM-Rohtak gets new site", "text": "ROHTAK: A forest ministry objection over construction has led to a change of location of the proposed building for Indian Institute of Management (IIM) here.The Haryana government had earlier earmarked 200 acres of land in Garnawathi village for IIM-Rohtak. But after waiting for nearly one year, the government has given another piece of land of similar measurement in the adjoining Sunarian village.The land exchange has cleared the decks for construction of IIM building which remained stuck due to this technical hitch for 14 months after the foundation stone was laid by the Union human resources development minister Kapil Sibal.According to sources, the earlier earmarked land owned by the gram panchayat of Garnawathi village had been covered under the Forest Act and clearance from forest ministry was mandatory for construction work.Confirming this, an official of Haryana technical education department said that land in Sunarian village had been acquired by the government for setting up police lines some years back, on which there were no restriction on construction.\"As the IIM project was getting delayed due to objection from the forest ministry, the government decided to exchange the 200 acres land acquired for IIM in Garnawathi with land owned by police department in Sunarian village. Now, a 200-acre piece of land in Sunarian village, which is closer to the proposed Rohtak bypass, has been transferred to IIM-Rohtak\", the official said.IIM director P Rameshan was also relieved as the institute finally got land after a wait of over a year. \"We have been waiting for the transfer of land. Now that we have got land, construction is expected to begin soon\", he stated.Classes at IIM were already being held in a rented building at Maharishi Dayanand University campus since June 2010, for its first and second year batches of nearly 170 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11371104", "title": "Idiya Vendon out on bail", "text": "BANGALORE: The fourth fast track court on Wednesday granted bail to BBMP's executive engineer of Gandhi Nagar division Idiya Vendon who was arrested in connection Rs1,539-crore tender and fake bill scam.Vendon was the only BBMP official arrested by the BMTF police for his alleged involvement in the scam that hit civic works in Rajarajeshwarinagar, Malleswaram and Gandhinagar divisions of BBMP. He was arrested on November 25.It may be recalled that BBMP engineers had boycotted work for a day to protest against the arrest of Vendon. The BMTF investigation was based on the report submitted o BBMP commissioner by Technical Vigilance Cell under the Commissioner (TVCC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11361335", "title": "Sudhir Mishra is upset over rumours", "text": "Director Sudhir Mishra is upset about news of him not being able to cast his muse Chitrangada Singh in his favourite project \"Mehrunnisa\".As rumours go, UTV Motion Pictures were not keen on having Chitrangada as the lead in Mishra's ambitious project. As per reports the production house wanted Katrina Kaif in the lead roles, a decision with which Sudhir Mishra wasn't too happy. Mishra wanted his favourite actress Chitrangada to play Mehrunnisa, the story of a girl who drives a wedge in the 50-year old friendship between two friends essayed by Amitabh Bahchcan and Rishi Kapoor .But rubbishing such rumours Mishra says, \"It's all false news. It's just people's over active fertile imagination at work. There is no talk of Mehrunnisa just now. Even the script is not completely ready so how can I or UTV be considering the cast? Atleast I don't like to function in such a haphazard way. I first get my script straight and only then approach people for the role. Till now we havn't even asked people if they would be interested in acting in the film, leave alone casting them in the role. So how can I be upset about Chitrangada being there or not in the film? It's all rubbish,\" he urges.As of now Mishra is busy shooting another film with Chitrangada Singh and Arjun Rampal along with Lucknow boy Asheesh Kapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370828", "title": "Chief secretary gets contempt of court notice", "text": "JAIPUR: In the controversial quota in jobs matter, the Rajasthan high court on Wednesday issued contempt of court notices to state chief secretary Salauddin Ahmed, principal secretary (personnel) Khemraj, Bhatnagar Committee chairman KK Bhatnagar and its members Ashok Sampatram and Govind Sharma.The Samta Andolan society has accused the government officers of violating the high court order of December 22, 2010 through which the reservation Act of 2008 was stayed. The Act was stayed since it increased the quota limit in the state to 68%, which was much beyond the 50% cap put by the Supreme Court.While ordering a stay on the Act, the high court had then directed the state government to refer all quota related issues to the Rajasthan State Backward Class Commission for preparing a quantifiable data to see if it was justified to raise the reservation limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369570", "title": "House poor in shelters: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court has asked NGOs involved in welfare of the homeless to mobilize them to move into shelter homes made for them by the government. A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, said the NGOs and the government must work together to bring the poor to these shelters so that they can avail of the facilities for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370358", "title": "Gomtipur school ran section sans students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Inquiries into allegations of ghost students on the rolls of Democratic High School in Gomtipur have revealed that an entire class of XI (general) stream, supposedly consisting of 46 students, existed only on paper.The startling revelation has come after an exhaustive inquiry undertaken by Ahmedabad city district education officer (DEO) R I Patel. The existence of ghost students in Democratic High School was reported in 1994.After some slow inquiries, the matter was taken up again recently. Raids were carried out and records confiscated by the DEO. Investigation into the records revealed that not a single student actually studied in class XI (general) stream.There were reports that ghost students were shown on paper using leaving certificates issued by the nearby New Saurabh High School and Saraswat Vidyalaya. Investigations revealed that there was no involvement of these schools.DEO R I Patel said that the report of the investigation has been sent to the commissioner of schools. There is also the possibility of a police complaint against school authorities for embezzling funds meant for education of poor students. The authorities are reported to have embezzled lakhs of rupees which were released as grant for the education of nonexistent 46 students. However, the catch is that the trust of the Democratic High School has changed since the complaint was filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369423", "title": "Cargo movement at port resumes after three-day stir", "text": "MUMBAI: Cargo movement at the Mumbai Port Trust ( MbPT), which had come to a halt in the past three days due to a flash strike by custom house agents (CHAs) and transporters, resumed on Wednesday evening.The CHAs and transporters were protesting against the recent amendment in octroi procedures by the BMC. Custom house agent Kalpesh Lodaya said, \"As per the new circular, we would have to pay (at the octroi post) nearly 10 to 20 times the existing registration fees on 'N' forms for a consignment. Our lorries would have to wait in a queue for a day. It would have resulted in delivery delays.\" He added that a delegation of protesters met senior BMC officials on Wednesday and the latter promised to delete the relevant clauses in the circular. Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said, \"We will come up with a revised circular. There would be a provision for web-entry and training for the same would be conducted later this week.\"By Wednesday morning, losses were estimated to have crossed Rs 100 crore, sources said. A CHA said, \"The BMC had amended the rules without taking importers, transporters, CHAs or stevedores into confidence. How can you enforce new procedures without consulting us or our associations?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369421", "title": "CNG dealers defer strike by 3 days", "text": "MUMBAI: CNG dealers deferred their strike for three days following assurances from the state and the Centre that their demand for a commission of at least Rs 1.73 per kg would be looked into.The dealers presently receive a commission of 87 paise per kg and have been demanding a hike for the past three months. Ravi Shinde of the Petrol Dealers' Association said, \"We had a meeting with controller of rationing, Ashwini Joshi, who assured us that there will be a tripartite meeting between the dealers, Mahanagar Gas Limited (MGL) and the oil marking companies (OMCs). The meeting is scheduled for Thursday or Friday. \"MGL has approved a commission at Rs 2.42 per kg. However, oil companies have to be paid 20 paise per kg commission as license fee for allowing MGL to use their infrastructure for CNG dispensation. \"The balance Rs 2.20 per kg commission should be split in the ratio of 78:22 between the dealers and OMCs, respectively. As per this arrangement, dealers are entitled for a commission of Rs 1.73 per kg,\" said Venkat Rao of the dealers' association.An MGL spokesperson said, \"MGL supplies CNG to Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai through its own outlets and those owned by the OMCs. The OMCs pay a commission to dealers directly and the onus of revising the commission rates lies with these companies.\" Shinde said, \"OMCs should abide by the policy laid down by the petroleum ministry in 1992. If you go by that, we are entitled to commission of Rs 1.73 per kg.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373289", "title": "Viral fever hits tinsel town", "text": "Forget audio releases, CDs and DVDs. It's viral fever that has gripped tinsel town, courtesy the success of Why This Kolaveri Di? by Tamil star Dhanush.While detractors may call it an accidental success or a well-executed marketing strategy by the audio label, there is no denying that the song has paved the way for a new trend in the industry: viral marketing.WHY THIS KOLAVERI DI? The soup song from the Tamil film 3 starring Dhanush and Shruti Haasan has not only crossed 30 million hits online, but has also become a subject of academic research at premier institutes. The buzz began when the rough version of the song leaked online. The composer of Kolaveri, Anirudh Ravichander, and Dhanush decided to cash in on the opportunity and release an official video of the making of the song on November 16. It surpassed many previous records, including those set by chartbusters like Munni Badnaam Hui and Sheila Ki Jawaani, and made Dhanush the darling of the nation. Dhanush is also making the Hindi version of Kolaveri, as well as remixed and jazz versions.LOVE ANTHEM FOR WORLD PEACE Tamil star Simbu chose to release the teaser of his Love Anthem for World Peace online. And it came as no surprise when the song that has lyrics in 96 international languages reached the one million mark within a few days of its teaser's release. Moreover, reports that Simbu was supposed to rope in two international singers, Akon and Rihanna , only piqued viewers' curiosity, which made this track an internet sensation.CHAMMAK CHALLO While Simbu's song cashed in on international names on the music scene, this chartbuster from Shah Rukh Khan's superhero flick did actually bring R&B; singer Akon to the nation. But soon after Chammak Challo was recorded, the pirated version of the song was leaked online. King Khan then chose to release an official teaser of the song online, which became a hit on the back of the publicity it received after it leaked online.(Compiled by P Sangeetha)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11370810", "title": "OBCs demand increase in their quota limit", "text": "JAIPUR: The Other Backward Classes (OBC) on Wednesday demanded an increase in their quota in the state services and educational institutes from the existing 21% to 27% as per their proportion in the population. The community also pushed for a quota in promotions for itself as is available to the Scheduled Caste (SC) and Scheduled Tribe (ST) communities. Further, it was sought that the upper income limit for separating the \"creamy layer\" within the OBC be raised from the existing Rs 4.5 lakh per annum.The demands were raised by the Congressmen at the party's OBC cell meeting that was attended by the ruling party president Chandrabhan, minister Jitendra Singh and chief minister Ashok Gehlot , among others. The chief minister once again lashed out at the social and employees' organisations that oppose quota in promotions. Gehlot stressed that the system of caste-based quota in jobs would continue irrespective of the parties that come to power. \"Reservation will continue till the time everyone is equal. Organisations like Mission-72, Jago Party and Samta Andolan want to spoil the state's harmony,\" the chief minister said, addressing hundreds of Congressmen assembled at the party headquarters. PCC chief Chandrabhan termed the opposition BJP an anti-reservation party. \"Till date it has never had a chief minister or a party president from the reserved category communities,\" he said.Another demand was on setting up of the OBC welfare directorate and the OBC finance Corporation on the lines of such institutes existing in Madhya Pradesh for safeguarding the community's interests. The issue of ministers not informing the local Congress units about their official visits to districts also cropped up at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369476", "title": "FIR registered in US priest\u2019s bag theft case", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after an American priest's bag, containing valuables and Rs 4.5 lakh in foreign currency, was stolen from a long-distance train at CST, the Government Railway Police (GRP) registered an FIR on Wednesday. Early on Tuesday, Father Norman Pelletier (70) had boarded the air-conditioned chair-car coach of Jan Shatabdi Express with six other priests and placed his bag on an overhead berth. He was going to Goa to deliver a retreat (series of spiritual lectures).The police checked the CCTV camera footage at CST to see whether the culprit had been captured on camera. However, it shows only Fr Pelletier and the other priests stepping out of the train to check whether they had left the bag outside. Fr Pelletier could not cancel his journey and had asked a member of the Blessed Sacrament church at Colaba to register a complaint on his behalf.\"Fr Pelletier's statement was necessary for an FIR. After alighting at Karmali station in Goa, he approached the station manager who directed him to the railway police. He then gave his statement to the Goa railway police, who faxed it to us,\" said a senior police official at CST.The bag contained US $8,500, a camera, a mobile, medicines, seven DVDs, spectacles and reading material. \"The cops want to know the exact cost of each item. But as they weren't purchased in India, only Fr Pelletier can provide their valuation. The retreat will go on for at least a week and he cannot be reached till then,\" said Loyson Thomas, the church member who first approached the police at CST. \"Habitual thieves operating on Central line will be questioned. We will also try to trace the location of Fr Pelletier's stolen cellphone,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11371124", "title": "Alagiri denies charges of damaging irrigation channels", "text": "MADURAI: Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri has denied the charges of damaging irrigation channels and destroying wet lands levelled against him and his family members by a farmer.Even as a tight security was thrown up in the collectorate in Madurai as collector U Sagayam had issued summons to Alagiri to appear before him on Wednesday, the minister's counsel R Janakiramulu met the collector and handed over a memorandum denying the charges.The collector in his summon-cum-show cause notice issued on December 23, had detailed the charges against Alagiri, founder and president of M K Alagiri Educational Trust, which owns the Dhaya Engineering College at Sivarakottai on the outskirts of Madurai. The collector asked the minister along with his wife Kanthi Alagiri and A Dhayanithi, who are functionaries of the trust, to appear before him on Wednesday either personally or through a representative.The summon was issued based on a complaint by M Ramalingam, a farmer from Sivarakottai, who charged that buildings for Dhaya Engineering College were constructed on wet lands irrigated by the Karisalkulam tank.\"The district revenue office has visited the said cultivable lands and the tank to verify the veracity of the complaint of the petition and observed that there is prima facie case,\" the collector said in the summon. \"Field bothies intended for the purpose of cultivation were found destroyed and flow of water to their wet lands obstructed on account of construction of buildings for the above said college,\" the summon stated.In the one-page memorandum, Jankiramulu stated that the respondents - Alagiri, his wife and son - have denied the allegation of destroying field bothies leading to the lands.Further, he said that the respondents were going to file a statement of objection to the notice issued by the collector and sought various documents necessary for filing the objection. He listed out eight documents in the memorandum including the copy of petition filed by Ramalingam and the supporting documents he filed, copy of order directing the DRO to inspect the place, notice sent by DRO intimating the persons concerned about his inspection and the DROs report.Janakiramulu said that they have also sought the list of officials who accompanied DRO, findings of those officials and finding of the DRO. \"The collector assured that these documents will be given and the next hearing will be scheduled later after these documents were studied,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370575", "title": "Court to govt: Issue posting orders to VAOs", "text": "CHENNAI: Paving way for the appointment of thousands of village administrative officers (VAOs) selected last year ,the Madras high court has permitted the state government to issue appointment orders to all selected candidates within a month.The matter relates to a July 2010 job notification , calling for applications to fill up VAO vacancies in the state . Though results were declared, the HC stayed further process, after a writ petition was filed claiming that the SC /ST quota had exceededthe permissible limit.According tothe petitioners, as against just the backlog of vacancies of just over 100, the government had earmarked more than 1,000 vacancies for SC /ST candidates. The court had directed the advocate-general to furnish the status report with regard to the actual vacancies availablefor SC /STcandidates .The government filed a report, stating that the shortfall vacancies of VAOs belonging to STswas 110, andthattherewas a shortfall of 1,122 SC vacancies. As against the actual requirementof 1,232 SC /STcandidates, the government sought to fill up only 1,077,hesaid.Justice Suguna, noting that the dispute over the number could be settled later and the excess quota, if any, could be adjustedin future recruitments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11368918", "title": "Despite acquittal, deportation eludes Bangla, Myanmarese families", "text": "JALANDHAR: \"Sir Ji Assin Kadon Javange\", (Sir, when shall we go home?) asks Masooda, 16, who is lodged in a juvenile observation home in Jalandhar. There are some other children like Masooda, who also ask such questions. In fact, Masooda may be giving voice to the feelings and curiosity of eight other girls - four of them aged 8 to 9 -- who are being kept here.Though acquitted over two years back by the court of chief judicial magistrate, Tarn Taran, these nine girls from Myanmar and Bangladesh are still in the observation home in Jalandhar, waiting to be released.Ironically, though the court ordered their release, these children have nowhere to go. The place of their confinement - when they were charged under the Foreigners Act - has turned out to be their only shelter as their parents are still in the transit camp of Amritsar jail, though they have also completed their jail term as decided by the court.Apart from these girls, eight boys -- their siblings -- are lodged in the juvenile observation home at Hoshiarpur. These children, along with their parents -- total five families, two from Myanmar and three from Bangladesh - were caught in Tarn Taran district, while trying to cross over to Pakistan.\"We are very poor. Our parents were finding it difficult to make both ends meet. We left our homes some 4-5 years back. We stayed in Jammu for 8-9 months and wanted to reach Pakistan to find some work. But when we reached the border, we were arrested,\" said Masooda, who was studying in second standard in Myanmar when they left their place.They were arrested on September 30, 2008 and after a year, on September 7, 2009, CJM Tarn Taran acquitted these children and ordered their release. Four of these nine girls were staying with their parents in Amritsar jail and were shifted here around a year back.\"We may be having better food here, than what we were getting in Myanmar. Moreover, it is ensured that we shall get three meals a day, but we want to return and live a free life,\" Masooda, the most articulate among the nine, says.\"Aunties (their caretakers in observation home) take care of us well, but we want to live with our parents,\" says another girl, Jasmine. Child development project officer, Amrik Singh, who holds charge of the observation home also, said that they take these children to their parents in Amritsar jail once a month as per instructions by senior officials of the department.However, the children say that they yearn to meet their parents more frequently. According to observation home officials, they are trying to make the stay of these children comfortable as they can be released only after the repatriation of their parents is arranged.The elders among these girls -- Masooda, Jasmine, Samuda, Hatija -- have also learnt stitching and speak fluently in Punjabi. Officials of Amritsar central jail said that these five couples from Myanmar and Bangladesh have already completed their jail term, but were in transit camp awaiting directions from Union government about their deportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11371020", "title": "14-year-old case returns to haunt chief secretary", "text": "MUMBAI: A 1998 case has returned to haunt chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad. A Colaba school had alleged that the BMC had issued a notice for demolition of structures in its compound after it refused to admit a student at Gaikwad's behest. Gaikwad was then the additional commissioner at BMC.The case was filed by the trust, Cathedral of the Holy Name, and the Holy Name High School at Convent Street against BMC, Gaikwad and Rajendra Vale, then ward officer. They challenged the notice dated July 14, 1998, issued by Vale to the school under Section 55 of the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act 1966 for six unauthorized structures in the school's compound. The petition states that five structures existed since the 1950s and one was built in 1987 to give free lunch to poor kids of the school.On August 20, 1998, the HC said it was \"prima facie of the opinion that the impugned action is not bona fide'', stayed the notice and admitted the petition. However, the petition came to be dismissed in default because the petitioner's advocate had emigrated. It was subsequently restored by the HC on October 10, 2004. The matter reached final hearing on Wednesday before a division bench of Justice S A Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar.The school's advocate, Denzil Dmello, argued that the action was a \"counterblast as the then AMC (Gaikwad) had sought an admission which was rejected\". The judges said that the then AMC is the state chief secretary today. The judges granted time to Dmello to serve the respondents with the amended petition. The matter has been posted for hearing after two weeks.On June 29, 1998, Gaikwad wrote on an official letterhead to the then principal, Fr Clifton Lobo, asking his help in getting admission for an acquaintance's son for the Std I. Lobo replied on July 9, 1998, stating that admissions were over by June 22, 1998, and hence it cannot be granted.GAIKWAD'S STORYGaikwad denied any wrongdoing and called it some misunderstanding on part of the school. \"To my knowledge, I never ordered any demolition. How can I? It was not in my jurisdiction,'' he said, adding that he has earlier clarified to the court that as AMC (western suburbs), he could not direct the ward officer in city limits. Gaikwad admitted he had recommended \"a poor child of a maid servant'' serving an IAS officer friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370938", "title": "\u2018A child must learn to count money\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Not all banks in India can claim to be rodent-free. But for a group of municipal school students, such banks would be quiet useless. After all, they say, the primary reason why people deposit money in a bank is so that rats do not devour the cash. This is the kind of logic that not only makes Rajesh Alphanso of Mizuho Corporate bank break into a smile, but also reinforces his belief in his organization's five-month-old mission-imparting financial literacy to children.Financial literacy. Two words that entail everything from knowledge of the difference between a bearer cheque and a crossed cheque to knowhow on loans. Words that cover the short distance between rags and riches. Many organizations, including banks and NGOs, have in the last two years woken up to the need for financial literacy among children, something that the RBI has been harping on for a while now. They are discovering many innovative ways to make the extracurricular subject of finance appealing to teens.Financial literacy forms \"the first step towards achieving our larger focus-financial inclusion\", said Alpana Killawala, spokesperson, RBI, which came up with a series of comic books in 2007. Their teenage protagonist, Raju, helps children learn how to save, how to open a bank account and how to apply for a loan. Another character, Moneykumar, an RBI employee, explains how his bank works. At the various workshops on financial literacy that are now being held by banks as part of their corporate social responsibility (CSR) programmes, these characters are handy visual aids.Besides, role-play, jigsaw puzzles, quizzes, videogames and more importantly, bank visits, also help children assimilate banking concepts such as fixed deposit accounts, interest rates and loans, including education loans. To make the otherwise staid subject of finance fun, the lessons are deliberately conversational. Divya Dayal of Mizuho Corporate Bank, which has been conducting such workshops in municipal schools since July, said domestic budgeting lectures usually begin with a discussion on the meaning of the movie title 'Aamdani atthanni aur kharcha rupaiya' that the students can identify with. Usually, after drawing up a list of their monthly family expenses, when underprivileged students were asked how they would make up for the deficit, they would all say in chorus \"lala\" or \"sahukar\". \"The students have no idea about Shylocks and their usurious methods of earning interest from vulnerable borrowers,\" said Dayal, who is endeavouring to change that perception.It is not just children from lower income homes who need a crash course on money matters. In Indian homes at both ends of the economic spectrum, whenever cash falls short, because of recession or inflation, parents prefer not to discuss the implications with their children. This lack of fiscal hygiene, as psychiatrists call it, only worsens the situation and alienates children, many of whom display symptoms of emotional withdrawal or develop behavioural problems. Ranjana Shetye, a librarian, said: \"When my son insists on an expensive gadget, a mobile phone or a video game, I prefer to buy it and cut costs wherever I can, instead of having a frank discussion. I don't want him to feel left behind. We try and get him whatever he asks for.\"But child counsellors say more than the lack of cash, it is the lack of clarity and the assumption that something is irreparably wrong that causes children to emotionally withdraw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11370607", "title": "CBI takes Sahiram to jail again for questioning", "text": "JODHPUR: Sahiram Bishnoi, currently under the CBI custody, was again taken to the Jodhpur Central Jail on Wednesday with a view to confront with Mahipal Maderna, Sohan Lal Bishnoi and Shahabuddin.The court had granted permission to the CBI for bringing Sahiram face to face with them for two days on and January 3 &amp; 4. After a 4-hour confrontation on January 3, he was again taken to them on January 4 for two hours. After this, he was also taken to the residence of Mahipal Maderna and was made to physically verify the area.The court also extended the CBI custody of Om Prakash Bishnoi, brother and gang member of Bishna Ram Bishnoi, till January 9.On the other hand, Indra Bishnoi, who is absconding and is wanted by the CBI, has moved an anticipatory bail plea in the court on Wednesday. According to the sources, this application is not maintainable under the SC/ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374966", "title": "Are Katrina, Kareena most bankable actresses of 2012?", "text": "Katrina and Kareena are ruling the roost currently. Both actresses would be competing with each other this year as the two have big films lined up ahead.Katrina has achieved what Kareena did last year...working with all three Khans: Salman, Aamir, Shah Rukh in one year!Katrina will be seen with SRK in Yash Chopra's directorial venture which is a romantic drama, with Aamir in Dhoom 3 and with Salman in Ek Tha Tiger. All three films belong to the Yash Raj banner.Kareena who many believe has been used as a prop throughout last year, adding only glam quotient to the films will be seen in a custom made role in Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine. Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu and Agent Vinod are other two releases for Kareena.Priyanka is not too far behind with her Agneepath and Kunal Kohli's film starring herself and Shahid Kapur.Sonakshi Sinha will be seen in Lootera with Ranveer Singh and Rowdy Rathore with Akshay Kumar .Vidya Balan will be back with hard hitting 'Kahaani'.Lets see who wins the race in 2012 with most number of hits and solid performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370897", "title": "Marriage hall told to pay up Rs 1.5 lakh for deficient service", "text": "CHENNAI: The management of a marriage hall in Egmore was pulled up for deficient service by the district consumer forum in Mylapore on Wednesday and was directed to pay Rs 1.5 lakh to the aggrieved customer.Choolai resident G Subhash Chand Singhvi in his complaint against the Willingdon Charitable Trust said that his daughter's wedding reception was scheduled to be held at the Rani Meyammai Hall, Egmore, on April 16, 2009. He had paid Rs 1.5 lakh for renting the premises and Rs 18,540 as service tax. Singhvi was informed two months later that airconditioning facility could be provided only with a diesel generator set. In order to avail the AC facility, Singvi paid Rs 40,000 in advance.In addition, he also paid a refundable deposit of Rs 40,000 and Rs 10,000 for illumination charges. However, on the day of the reception , the AC did not work as assured by the staff at the hall.Singhvi sent the hall management a legal notice on April 25, 2009 to which they replied by May 11. A rejoinder was sent on June 24, 2009 to which the representatives of the hall management said since the electricity board did not supply power to run the AC, they had engaged the services of a private party to do so through a generator.Ruling in Singhvi's favour, a bench of V Gopal, president, and L Deenadayalan, member, directed that a total amount of Rs 1.5 lakh be paid to him.While ordering that Rs 40,000 collected towards generator and diesel charges be refunded, the bench also ordered that Singhvi be paid Rs 50,000 towards proportionate rent, Rs 10,000 as compensation for mental agony and Rs 5000 as cost of the complaint.Passing orders, the bench said the management representatives had not produced any evidence to show that they had provided AC on the date of the reception.\"If they could not provide the facility due to some contingencies , they should not have taken the rent for it. Having done so and not provided the facility , there was deficiency of service on part of the hall management ,\" the bench ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370445", "title": "Met predicts colder days ahead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the first three days of 2012 alone, the Tricity has witnessed a significant drop of five degrees celsius in the maximum temperature recorded. With the weatherman predicting light rain in the next couple of days and with wind chill factor doing its bit, a colder, harsher winter is on the cards ahead.The maximum temperature on Tuesday was 17.2 degrees Celsius (which remained the same on Wednesday), a drop of five degrees celsius from Sunday when the maximum temperature was 22.2 degrees celsius.Chandigarh meteorological department director Surender Paul while talking to TOI said, \"The drop in temperature has been brought about by heavy snowfall in Jammu and Kashmir as well as large parts of Himachal Pradesh. This has led to cold, frosty winds descending towards the plains, causing a drop in mercury levels.\"He added, \"The chilly winds have also brought moisture-laden clouds with them and we expect these to bring light rain to parts of the Tricity in the next two days. The rains would allow the temperature to remain where it is, and would also result in the thick blanket of fog to disappear for a few days.\" Paul added that the temperature would remain steady for the next two days and then would again head south till around the weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "11370885", "title": "Two more held in doc murder case, cops transferred", "text": "TUTICORIN: Even as the police arrested two more people in connection with the murder of a 55-yearold woman doctor in Tuticorin, an inspector and a sub-inspector of the Tuticorin south police station were shunted out on Wednesday.Dr T Sethulakshmi was hacked to death inside her clinic on Monday night. She had complained to the police that she was facing threat from auto driver R Mahesh, 28, and his relatives, on December 30, the day Mahesh's wife Nithya, 24, died after a failed caesarean surgery.The transfers have come in the wake of allegations by doctors in Tuticorin that there was negligence on the part of the police in providing security to the doctor and taking action against Mahesh.\"There was a telephone call to the police station on December 30 about Mahesh's relatives assembling in front of the clinic. Police went to the spot and dispersed the crowd. There was no written complaint about any further threat,\" said Tirunelveli range DIG V Varadharaju, denying the charge of negligence on the part of police in handling the issue.However, Varadharaju said, the transfer of inspector S Annaraj and sub-inspector Hariharan from Tuticorin south police station to Tirunelveli was part of administrative action. Police sources said the two transferred policemen might face departmental action shortly.The day after the murder, police arrested Mahesh , his accomplices V Gurumuthu, 26, N Raja, 27, and I Abbas, 27. After inquiries, police arrested two more of Mahesh's friends , Vetrivel alias Samundi, and Arumugam.\"The two were outside the clinic when the others went in and assaulted the doctor,\" said Tuticorin SP J Rajendran. Police have also seized three autorickshaws and weapons used to murder the doctor . Police are on the lookout for one more person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11372081", "title": "Elderly woman sustains bullet injury in clash, dies", "text": "VARANASI: An elderly woman, identified as Mevati Devi (60), a native of Bhalakhurd village under Bahariabad police station limits in Ghazipur was killed when she accidently came in front of her grandson's gun during a group clash on Wednesday. According to reports, Gopi Singh of Bhalakhurd village has some land dispute with the family of Chhotu and Chandrabhushan since long.On Wednesday morning, Gopi's son Alok was returning home when Chhotu and his family members caught him and beat him up brutally. On hearing his cries, Gopi and his wife Radhika ran towards the incident site to save Alok. After it, both groups indulged in fighting.In the meantime, Chhotu entered his house and returned with the double barrel gun of his uncle, Chandrajit, a police constable presently posted in Pratapgarh district. On seeing it, Chhotu's grandmother Mevati Devi came out of the house. In a bid to stop Chhotu from opening fire, she came in front of the gun's barrel and sustained a bullet injury in her back. She died on the spot while Chhotu fled the scene. On receiving information of the incident, police reached the spot and sent the body for postmortem.Man commits suicide: Prabhat Karan Srivastava (50), a native of Varuna Vihar Colony under Shivpur police station limits, committed suicide by setting himself on fire in the veranda of his house in the wee hours of Wednesday. According to reports, Prabhat had lost his job five years back and as he failed to get another job, he had become frustrated. On Wednesday morning when his wife and two daughters were sleeping inside their rooms, he set himself on fire and died on the spot. Police sent his body for postmortem.Bank manager dies: Nandlal Arya (55), a native of City kotwali area and manager of Gaipura branch of Triveni Gramin Bank, was killed in a road mishap near Ashtabhuja Hill under Vindhyachal police station limits on Wednesday. According to reports, Arya was heading towards his bank on his motorcycle. While passing through Ashtabhuja Hill, he lost control on the motorcycle in a bid to save a dog and fell in a deep ditch. He suffered serious head injuries. The passersby rushed him to a local hospital where doctors declared him dead.Man caught with lover: Rajaram Bind, a native of Ledu village under Dehat kotwali police station limits in Mirzapur district, and his lover, were caught by the villagers when they were trying to escape after killing Bind's wife Jitna Devi (32) on Wednesday. According to reports, Bind had married Jitna 15 years back but they did not have any child. Bind, who had an affair with a woman of the same village, used to torture his wife. On Wednesday morning, Bind and his lover strangulated Jitna and then tried to set her body on fire. When the villagers got information about the incident, they headed towards Bind's house. On sensing danger, Bind and his lover tried to escape, but were caught by the villagers and handed over to police. The brothers of Jitna lodged a named FIR against Bind and his lover in this connection. Police were investigating the matter after sending the body for postmortem.Woman dies: A 55-year-old woman, Sukhraji Devi, was run over by a bus in Rani Ki Sarai area of Azamgarh district on Tuesday evening. She succumbed to her injuries at the district hospital during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11368960", "title": "Cong, BJP spar over cement prices in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Ahead of assembly elections, Himachal Pradesh is witnessing politics being played by Congress and BJP on the cement price issue. While the crucial meeting between chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal and representatives of cement companies is being held on Thursday, a war of words has already erupted between leaders of the two parties.As the meetings between industries minister Kishan Kapoor and cement companies in the past failed to bring out any solution, all eyes are now set on Thursday's meeting as government has taken a firm stand this time to ensure a minimum price decrease of Rs 30 per bag.Congress general secretary Kuldeep Rathore said that the state government has failed to reduce cement rates. He said that requesting the Union government to bring cement under controlled items list is nothing but a tactical move to avoid criticism. The state government should fix cement prices on the pattern of Punjab, he said.Cement companies are sponsoring cricket tournaments being organized by HPCA, whose president is chief minister's son Anurag Thakur, which is why the state government is not reducing the cement prices, he alleged.Expressing surprise over statements being made by Congress leaders, including state Congress president Kaul Singh Thakur and CLP leader Vidya Stokes, BJP state president Khimi Ram Sharma said that cement was removed from the list of controlled items in 1989 by none other than Congress.\"Till date, no Congress government ever made any effort to reduce cement prices. They are now targeting state government on the issue without any reason. Congress leaders are misguiding people of the state by issuing false statements,\" he said.Khimi Ram said the state government is serious about bringing down the cement prices, which reflects from the recent letter written by chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal to Union government. \"On Thursday, CM is holding a meeting with cement companies on the issue and we expect some positive outcome,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11368996", "title": "Work on Ram Jhula begins again", "text": "NAGPUR: In another milestone in the long-delayed Ram Jhula project, Afcons Infrastructure Limited on Wednesday started preparatory work on the six-lane cable-stayed bridge at Santra Market after a gap of 22 months.The project proponent, Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), and concessionaire Afcons reached a deal on December 30 at a board meeting in Mumbai over payment of escalated project cost to Afcons.Although, Afcons officials were reluctant to reveal the exact escalated cost to which it agreed, JV Nikose, superintending engineer of MSRDC, said the corporation will pay Rs 54 crore to Afcons. MSRDC has set a fresh deadline of 18 months to complete the ROB.If the figure quoted by Nikose is correct, the cost escalation works out to around Rs 17 crore. Afcons has already been paid Rs 22.74 crore for 30% of the work it has completed. The original contract value was Rs 45.95 crores, which was later increased to Rs 60 crore.Afcons had last demanded Rs 96 crore but scaled down the demand to Rs 80 crore. TOI had in August first reported that Afcons and MSRDC had struck a deal for Rs 80 crore. However, Nikose's figure puts the final figure at Rs 77 crore.Within four days of the deal, on Wednesday, Afcons began preparatory work on Ram Jhula and workers were seen atop the pylon structures inspecting the state of affairs. A JNNURM team from Centre also visited the ROB site on Wednesday.Time has been virtually running out for Ram Jhula since last June, when a Central team had warned that if work on the ROB did not start before March 2012, the government may not fund the rest of the project.\"Yes, it's true that we have started preparatory work. Actual concretizing work would start by January 15,\" said P Jairam, executive vice-president of Afcons.Jairam was reluctant to quote the escalated cost company was getting from MSRDC. \"We have not received any written communication from the corporation. Let it come officially. There should not be any confusion,\" he said.Owing to the inordinate delay, two PILs - one by ex-MLA Anees Ahmed and another by Nagpur Chamber of Commerce Limited (NCCL) - were filed last year in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court seeking directions to restart Ram Jhula work.Nikose said MSRDC will now file an affidavit about restarting the work. \"This is what everyone wants,\" he added.Nagpur guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe hailed restarting of work on the ROB. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan intervened and settled the impasse, he added.MSRDC officials exuded confidence that the work will be completed in 18 months as CFTs (cantilever form traveller) structures are ready. \"We will need reinforcement followed by concreting and laying of cables. The Central Railway has assured us to give blocks when traffic is sluggish,\" they said.Intro: After MSRDC agreed to pay Rs 54 crore as escalated project cost, Afcons began preparatory work on Ram Jhula and workers were seen atop the pylon structures inspecting the state of affairsBetter late than ever* October 15, 2005: Construction of 606.74 metre cable-stayed bridge inaugurated by NCP national president Sharad Pawar* January 25, 2006: MSRDC issues work order to Afcons Infrastructures Limited, Mumbai* July 22, 2009: Proof consultant VNIT clears pylon head design* July 24, 2009: Then minister for public works Anil Deshmukh promises to complete first phase by opening at least three lanes* January 30, 2010: Deadline for three lanes set as April 2010 by MSRDC* September 13, 2010: New extended deadline by MSRDC* March 1, 2010: Afcons stops work demanding cost escalation due to delay in clearing designs* November 20, 2010: Traders under NCCL stage protests* November 29, 2011: Bipin Shrimali, vice-chairman and managing director of MSRDC, calls meeting at Mumbai to sort out dispute* December 2011: NCCL submits memorandum to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to look into the issue* June 27, 2011: NCCL files PIL* August 1, 2011: Ex-MLA Anees Ahmed files PIL in high court* December 30, 2011: MSRDC board passes resolution after meeting with Afcons to settle the deal* January 4, 2012: Afcons starts preparatory work", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369853", "title": "Runaway couple given \u2018safe house\u2019 by police", "text": "GURGAON: A runaway couple from Gurgaon were sent to a 'safe house' after they submitted to a city court that they were facing a threat to their lives and liberty. They had sought police protection after the girl disclosed to her family that she had got marred in a temple in Delhi in November.The court had instructed the police to provide police protection and ensure their stay in the shelter house at SCERT hostel. On Wednesday couple moved to the city court for seeking police protection in Gurgaon. The couple, Vikram, 27, native of Alwar (Rajasthan), and Babita, 21, native of Bihar, lived in Shivaji Park with their families had known each other for many years. The couple had married secretly in a temple but initially did not reveal it to their parents.Vikram is working at Sahara Mall as fire officer and Babita is an intermediate student. The couple's lawyer, Durgesh Bokan, moved the petition in the court.\"The couple married on November 30, 2011and want to stay together but their parents are objecting to it. The court took note of the petition and ordered police protection,\" said the lawyer. The court instructed the police to provide police protection and ensured their stay in SCERT hostel. \"My mother had warned me not to think of marriage for the time being but I went ahead. We married and want to live together,\" said Babita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11369623", "title": "'Scrap export duty hike for Goa ore'", "text": "PANAJI: Mining stakeholders, as well as the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GCCI), have taken strong objection to the iron ore export duty hike to 30% from 20% effective from December 30. Gand the Goa Mineral Ore Exporter's Association (GMOEA) have both written to the finance ministry to roll back the hike for low grade ore from Goa.\"Though the ministry has not given any rationale behind the hike, we believe it is prompted by the major domestic steel producers and is intended to make export of iron ore less competitive so that ore can be made available for encouraging domestic production of steel,\" wrote GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar to finance minister Pranab Mukherjee . He added that a hike on ore with Fe content over 58% \"may be justified\" as such ore is used by the domestic steel and sponge iron industries.GMOEA secretary Glean Kalavampara pointed out that no low grade ore is used by the domestic steel industry, and even existing pig iron plants in Goa draw iron ore from Karnataka and elsewhere. \"Logistically speaking, it is not practical or cost effective to transport ore from Goa to Orissa and other states where steel plants exist as there already exists surplus ore in those states,\" he told TOI.Raikar, in the letter, forwarded as a press note, elaborated that domestic steel manufacturers use iron ore lumps, while Goa produces low grade ore consisting mostly of fines. The latter ore, including fines, cannot be pelletised and hence are not suitable for steel-making, he stated.\"At the moment, only China has the technology to enable use of these materials which are unwanted in India; and until such time as the technology comes to India, this export should really be incentivized and not taxed,\" maintained Raikar.He held that if Goan ore is not exported and thus converted to foreign exchange after undergoing the process of generating employment and tax revenues, and is not consumed in India, it ceases to become a strategic natural resource and loses all economic relevance. \"The low grade ore generated in the course of mining will then have to be treated as waste, raising environmental concerns in a tourist paradise,\" stated Raikar.He further held that the low-grade ore which competes for the Chinese market against ores from Australia, Madagscar, etc and is sold in the spot market may see clients opt for other players as Goa's pricing may be higher. This is especially since this is the second major export duty hike in this fiscal. \"This will make it difficult for us to negotiate long-term sale arrangements so that mining investments, which are all long-term in nature, cannot be planned properly,\" stated Raikar.GMOEA too fears that Goa will lose out to Australia and Brazil who could easily increase their ore outputs and wipe Goa out.Raikar concluded by pointing out that in the absence of any alternative use for low-grade Goan ore, ore from Goa and Redi (southern Maharashtra) were treated separately in the export policy during earlier years and Goa should continue to be treated so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11372359", "title": "Protesters chalk out strategy before talks with government", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the state government inviting anti-dam protesters for talks on January 5, the All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) and 26 other ethnic and student organizations met on Wednesday to chalk out a proper strategy for negotiating with the government.The government has invited the two factions of anti-dam protesters - one led by All Assam Students' Union and 26 ethnic and students' organization and the other by Krishak Mukti Sangram and six other organisations under the leadership of Akhil Gogoi, the general secretary KMSS. Both the groups have accepted the proposal to participate in talks along with civil society members, the group of ministers (GoM) and experts.\"We got the letter from the state government inviting us for the talks and we really appreciate the move. Today, we have sent a letter to Pradyut Bordoloi, the chairman of the Group of Ministers, stating that we will participate in the talks. We are having a meeting with 26 other organizations to discuss what steps need to be taken for talks. What we have to do tomorrow will be discussed today,\" said Tapan Kumar Gogoi, the general secretary of All Assam Students' Union.He added that the students' body, along with 26 other ethnic organizations, have welcomed the government's decision. \"We are not against Arunachal Pradesh and its people but we are against NHPC and the construction of the dam which will have a devastating impact on the people of the region and its culture. We are against dams being constructed at Dibang and Siang, which will definitely have an adverse affect on the indigenous people living there. Even the local inhabitants are dead against their government's decision,\" said Gogoi.On the expert panel that will also take part in the talks, the secretary of the students' body said that the chief minister should take into consideration the people of Assam and what the experts feel should be done. \"If the government wants to get the opinion of foreign experts, we have no problems. We will keep the agitation alive,\" he added.Asked about threats being issued to NHPC and its employees, the secretary said they believe in staging protests in a democratic manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370249", "title": "PCMC may double rates for ads", "text": "PUNE: The signages and licence department of the PCMC has proposed to double the rates for advertisements through banners, posters, skysigns (hoardings), kiosks, boards on shops/establishments etc.Similarly, the rates will be doubled for advertisements on weather shades and showcases of shops facing the road, rolling shutters displaying advertisements, wall paintings, and advertisements of vehicles, road shows, etc.The civic body also proposes to double the illumination premium and late fees.A M Durgude, assistant commissioner and chief of the civic signages and licence department, said, \"The department has sent the proposal to the civic standing committee for its approval to double the rates for advertisements in the municipal limits. The department's income through signages so far in 2011-12 is Rs 2.65 crore, which is expected to increase to around Rs 6 crore in 2012-13. The total income of the department is expected to increase to around Rs 7 crore in next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11372372", "title": "No proof of Maoist influence in anti-dam stir: MHA", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Union ministry of home affairs (MHA) does not have direct evidence of the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samity (KMSS) having any kind of nexus with the Maoists in the anti-dam protest as charged by the state government. The MHA, however, believes the mass protests against dams could be exposed to Maoist penetration if they are allowed to continue.\"There is a difference of opinion between the MHA and the state government. At the Centre, there is no direct evidence of Maoist links with either the KMSS or its general secretary Akhil Gogoi. But, there are sleeping Maoist elements who might take advantage of the situation developing from the anti-dam protests,\" a source said.The state government, after alleging that the anti-dam movement led by the KMSS is influenced by Maoist elements as well as Ulfa, invited the anti-dam group, along with other organizations led by All Assam Students Union (Aasu), for discussions on Thursday to resolve the imbroglio. The KMSS has suspended its agitation for the time being in response to the state government's invitation.The source pointed out that Maoists have already entered neighbouring Arunachal Pradesh and have even started a campaign against the hundreds of hydel projects that are being planned in the high hydro-power potential state.Arunachal police in September last year jointly with the Army and Assam Police nabbed as many as nine Maoists from Lohit district in Arunachal. These persons were found to have worked for Ulfa as carriers of food, information, medicine and men, but they later turned out to be members of a Maoist organization, Upper Assam Leading Committee of the Communist Party of India (Maoist).\"The Maosits have already set up a network in Arunachal Pradesh, mainly in Dibang valley district that borders China. Their focus as of now is to build an anti-dam opinion in the district and they are working as anti-dam activists,\" the source said. Some of the biggest hydel power projects have been proposed in the Dibang valley. \"These elements in Arunachal Pradesh enjoy a good rapport with the NSCN(IM) in Tirap district of Arunachal Pradesh that borders northern Nagaland and also with the Paresh Baruah faction of Ulfa,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11371180", "title": "AMRI action triggers panic resignations", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government's tough stance against the directors of the AMRI Hospitals has sent ripples of panic across investors and industrialists in the state and triggered a resignation spree in the boards of some of the city's top health care institutions.At the official level, Bengal Inc wants to reassure the chief minister that it doesn't have anything against the government on the industrial front. But in private circles, industrialists have spoken about how the treatment of the AMRI directors not involved in daily operations has created a sense of panic.Sources said at least 10 directors and trustee members in the state's private and trustee-run hospitals have put in their papers to \"minimize the risk of harassment\" in the event of an accident.On Wednesday, a couple of days after industry chamber Ficci issued a statement urging the state government to release AMRI directors not involved in daily operations, its seceretary general Rajiv Kumar sought to reassure Mamata Banerjee about the Ficci's commitment to the state's industrialization .\"We want to invite the chief minister to Ficci's first executive committee meeting under the next president , Raju Kanoria, in February . Our president-elect wants the meeting in Kolkata. We might call the CM tomorrow or the day after,\" Kumar said. But sources said industry captains were unhappy about the way the AMRI directors had been booked while some other board members, who are not owners, had been left out.Videocon chairperson Venugopal Dhoot said, \"What happened at AMRI is very sad but elderly persons like R S Agarwal and R S Goenka (AMRI directors ) should not be arrested without trial. But personally, I'm bullish about the investment climate in Bengal.\"'High risk' job?Anandlok Hospital director Arun Poddar has resigned during the last fortnight, sources said H P Kanoria has quit the trustee board of Vishuddhananda Saraswati Marwari Hospital Sadhuram Bansal and C L Agarwal, V-Ps of Marwari Relief Society, have resigned from the board At least five more city private hospitals are faced with such resignations.Plea admitted:Calcutta high court on Wednesday admitted a writ petition by AMRI Hospitals , seeking a direction to the city police commissioner to accept a cheque of Rs 4.45 crore to be disbursed among the kin of victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11369169", "title": "Family of slain Anuj Bidve arrives in London", "text": "LONDON: Family of slain Indian student Anuj Bidve arrived here from India this evening to take the body of the 23-year-old back home for final rites.Victim's father Subhash Bidve, who arrived along with Anuj's mother and brother-in-law, will meet MP Keith Vaz , chairman of the Britain's Home Affairs Committee, in the Parliament House tomorrow.Vaz said: \"I am pleased to welcome the Bidve family to Parliament. They have shown great dignity following the terrible circumstances of their son's death. This must be a very difficult time for them.\"I welcome the fact that Greater Manchester Police has arrested and charged a suspect within 7 days of the event and that individual will face a full trial. We must reassure foreign students we are doing everything we can to ensure their safety in the UK. Following the criminal proceedings it will be extremely helpful if there is a full report into the circumstances of his death.\"The Bidve family will leave for Manchester later tomorrow and will visit the site of the gruesome incident in Salford on Friday. They are scheduled to visit the Lancaster University where the Pune student studied.Anuj, a postgraduate student of Microelectronics at Lancaster University, was killed in an unprovoked attack from point blank range after a brief conversation on December 26.A man identified as Kiaran Stapleton, who described himself as \"Psycho Stapleton\" in the court, has been charged with the murder.The Bidve family will return here on Friday and take the body, kept at a funeral company here, and leave for Mumbai the same evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11371083", "title": "Election-related complaints\u2019 cell opened by PCMC", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has formed a cell where complaints regarding violation of the election code of conduct can be registered.Speaking to reporters on Wednesday, PCMC commissioner Ashish Sharma said complaints can be registered with the election department on phone number 020-67331155.Sharma said, \"The counting of votes will be done on February 17. But if the state election commission permits, the same can done on February 16 itself, after the voting process is over.\"Nearly 60,000 new voters registered their names in Pimpri Chinchwad during the registration drive being held since October 1. The primary voters' list will be published on January 12. Complaints regarding changes in voters' details will be accepted between January 12 and 17, he added.Sharma said ward-wise voters' list will be published on January 23. Each ward will have polling booths, an awareness drive will be held to inform people about the polling booths in their respective wards.At least 900 people will be able to vote at one booth. There will be nearly 1,400 polling booths in Pimpri Chinchwad. A total of 12 returning officers will be appointed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368437", "title": "TN, Kerala to help chalk out plan for new dam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tamil Nadu and Kerala will submit their suggestions for the construction and management of a new dam at Mullaperiyar over the next few days to the Supreme Court-appointed Empowered Committee examining the issue.Their responses would be among the various proposals that the Empowered Committee would be considering to resolve the dispute that has led to heated politics in the neighbouring southern states for the past few weeks.Despite Tamil Nadu's opposition to construction of a new dam, the Empowered Committee, headed by former CJI A S Anand, has asked the two states to come back with their response on the proposed structure.Kerala sources said the state government was preparing to file its response by Friday. CM Oommen Chandy said in Thiruvananthapuram that Kerala was open to a joint control, by the two states and the Centre, of the proposed new dam.The Empowered Committee's move comes even as its two-member technical panel has said the Mullaperiyar dam is safe, raising the hackles of Kerala government.The two technical members - former secretary in ministry of water resources C D Thatte and ex-chief engineer in central water commission D K Mehta - submitted their report on Tuesday following their visit to the dam site. They said the tremors in the dam site haven't had any impact on the two days in the catchment area.Kerala government is pushing ahead with its demand for a new dam, citing the recurring earthquakes in the dam site as well as studies that warn an earthquake measuring over 6 points on Richter scale earthquake could lead to a dam burst. But, the technical panel's report has queered Kerala government's pitch.The Empowered Committee, also comprising former SC judges K T Thomas and A R Lakshmanan, has asked the Geological Survey of India (GSI) for a report on the number and intensity of recent earthquakes in and around the dam.The move is prompted by complaints by Kerala that there have been around 25 earthquakes there, while Tamil Nadu claim that they are all mostly mild tremors. The GSI report is expected in a month's time, sources said.The Empowered Committee plans to submit its report to the SC by mid-February, but the persistent acrimony and new aspects added for consideration, could alter its schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11371039", "title": "Parties plot equations for polls", "text": "PUNE: Political activity in the city is getting into the fast lane and poll strategies are being planned in the headquarters of parties as the next few weeks will be crucial for decisions on alliances, seat-sharing with alliance partners and campaigning. Civic elections directly impact the quality life of citizens and political parties look at it as indicators of the prospects on a larger arena like the assembly or Lok Sabha polls.NCP steams aheadDeputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, whose clout till now was restricted to Baramati and Pimpri-Chinchwad, has made his intention of getting a clear hold over Pune.He will play the central role and as such has shunned any alliances. At a recent meeting with his satraps in the city following the release of the party's manifesto, he sought a list of 'winnable' candidates. \"I will personally select the candidates. We don't want to impose any alliance on our partymen in Pune. We cannot have an alliance with those (Congress leaders) who are targeting us even before the election was announced,\" Pawar said.While other parties are still gearing up to face the polls, the NCP has put out its manifesto and begun screening candidates. \"The capacity to win elections is the only criteria for selection. We want total majority in Pune as in the last five years, we had to make several adjustments with other parties to get proposals approved in the PMC. In PCMC, where we have a full majority, development is happening. We could not fulfill all the promises because we lacked majority,\" Pawar said.But there are undercurrents with the second rung leadership bitterly divided. \"Some leaders want the upper hand in the nomination process so that they have the right to select candidates for their locality. These leaders have assured Ajitdada that they will ensure victory of these candidates. However, other leaders in the party are not willing to give away this right and want the party to appoint a selection committee under Ajit Pawar's leadership,\" an NCP leader said.Warring factions of MLC Anil Bhosale and city unit chief Vandana Chavan accept Pawar's orders. A meeting to launch the official campaign for the election has been convened on Saturday.Congress floundersThe city Congress unit appears confounded with Ajit Pawar's aggressive start ahead of the polls. For the last two days, its leaders have been in Mumbai to discuss poll strategy and a possible alliance with the NCP. Leaders of both parties have planned rounds of talks over an alliance. However, Pawar on Tuesday, announced that the NCP will go alone in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad.\"Since Pawar has decided to shun the city Congress, we will have to lock horns with them in Pune. There is a major leadership crisis in the absence of MP Suresh Kalmadi . But we have to start preparations,\" a Congress leader who attended a meeting in Mumbai said.Hope floats about Kalmadi getting bail before the election and playing a major role in the election. \"Even if the party does not withdraw his suspension, Kalmadi has the power to turn the tide as he wields immense power over most Congress corporators in Pune,\" said a supporter.In the absence of the 66-year-old MP,who has been in Tihar jail since April in connection with the multi-crore Commonwealth Games scam, the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee has appointed a coordination panel to face the polls.However,the committee is powerless and there is infighting.The NCP is keeping close watch on developments in the Congress.In 2007 Congressmen pushed for a postelection alliance with the NCP, but Kalmadi was unwilling to let go of the mayor's post. Pawar then forged the Pune Pattern in which the NCP, BJP and Shiv Sena joined hands to keep the Congress out, bringing to an end its 15-year hold over the civic body.\"He (Kalmadi) was adamant in 2007 and did not pay heed to leaders like Vilasrao Deshmukh and Balasaheb Shivarkar who wanted an alliance with the NCP. He is in Tihar now. Let us see what happens,\" Pawar said when asked about a post-election alliance with the Congress.Bitter struggle within BJPThe BJP in the city is in a shambles, thanks to infighting within the factions. BJP city unit chief and Nitin Gadkari faction leader Vikas Mathkari announced that poll aspirants should take nomination forms from party office last month. However, Gopinath Munde's supporters did not respond and no Munde supporter including sitting corporators followed Mathkari's order.They have not recognized other attempts by Mathkari to put the house in order like announcing the party's executive body. Mathkari and his supporters want a dominant role in the election process, but the Munde faction refuses to accept Mathkari as the city president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369793", "title": "Haryana makes pawns of kids, keeps them off chess", "text": "GURGAON: A game of chess is so much more than just a game. Veterans call it an exercise in logic and analysis, each new game a fresh mathematical riddle. Educationists believe that the game can prove excellent for young formative minds, preparing to meet the heavy academic demands. This was precisely the line taken first by Gujarat , and now by the state of Tamil Nadu, both of which have made chess mandatory for their school kids.Now consider the stance that Haryana's education department has taken in regard to the sport. Chess, long ignored in Haryana, was relegated further early in the year 2011 when the education department scrapped the game from its annual sports school calendar.Chess was among the 10 games which were dropped by the department last year, a move which invited reproofs from the state's chess association. \"The state government decided to do away with chess from its school games, at a time when other states are making it compulsory,\" said Naresh Sharma, secretary general, Haryana Chess Association (HCA).After the scrap, the HCA wrote to numerous officers in Panchkula and Chandigarh, hoping to get the sport its rightful status in Haryana's schools. \"It was only five years ago that chess made it to the school calendar lists. And now, just as the game was becoming hugely popular among the kids throughout, they removed it,\" said Sharma.He added that his attempts to reach the director of education for the state, as well the Haryana Olympic Federation, have been ineffective. \"I haven't received a response from any of them, and it has been more than year now,\" Sharma added.Haryana's reputation in national- and state-level chess has been that of an upcoming talent. According to the HCA, the state has over 50 players, who are rated by the World Chess Federation . Along with that the state has over 350 professionals, who have excelled in national competitions.Gobind Sharma, who lives in old Gurgaon, is one of the professionals having represented the state of Haryana years ago. Now he is a chess coach, teaching the sport to young children in the city. \"I have taught over 150 young students,\" he said. Making chess mandatory for the kids sounds appealing to Gobind, as he believes that the game instills crucial values in youngsters, one of them being sincerity. \"Chess teaches you honesty, it builds character. This is over and above the lessons in decision-making and calculation that the sport imparts.\" Education department officials were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370375", "title": "Dumped Tricolours: CJ orders probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after TOI highlighted the dumping of national flags in the heap of garbage on the Punjab and Haryana high court premises, Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi ordered an inquiry into the incident. Sources confirmed that inquiry has been ordered to know how Tricolours in such large quantity reached the garbage dump. Statements of those responsible for transportation of these flags were also recorded on Wednesday.Meanwhile the high court staff also a removed large number of national flags from the pit after putting them in a gunny bag. The bag was placed in the court officer's room for safe custody. A team of high court officials also visited the spot on Wednesday morning where flags were dumped by the high court staff.When TOI tried to contact the registrar general of high court R P Nagrath to know about action against any official for such a blunder, he preferred not to comment.On Tuesday TOI had reported how a wad of national flags that are used on cars, in a pit adjacent to the wall of new building of the high court near Rock Garden. These flags were disposed of along with some food plates and wrappers of tobacco products.It was also found that the said flags were lying dumped in the area for past many days. A close scrutiny of the flags also revealed that that these were being used on vehicles of judges of Punjab and Haryana high court and possibly dumped here by the staff.A tea vendor, who sits near the spot, is frequented by a large number of high court staff and advocates through out the day, but nobody bothered to take any step against the gross violation of national flag code. It was only after the report was published in these columns that the high court administration swung into action.According to legal experts, law prescribes a proper procedure for destruction of unused national flags. Part-II and section-V of the Flag Code of India provides, \"When the flag is in a damaged or soiled condition, it shall not be cast aside or disrespectfully disposed of but shall be destroyed as a whole in private, preferably by burning or by any other method consistent with the dignity of the flag\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369749", "title": "Flesh trade thriving in Hyderabad old city lanes", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is evening and an uneasy calm envelopes a remote corner of Jahanuma area of the Old City. Attached to an old haveli here is a horse stable which has been converted into several single-room accommodations. Some of these rooms are rented out to the poor at throwaway rates but has men and women moving in and out in a hush-hush manner.A pan dabbawala, located a few metres away, gives directions to those making enquiries about the makeshift brothel, even as he simultaneously takes fresh bookings on his mobile. As it gets darker, the number of men frequenting this area swells.Within a five km distance, at Habeeb colony in Vattepally, a densely populated slum pocket of the Old City, three members of a family are running four brothels that surround a government school. Both locals and social activists inform that similar brothels are functioning in Hassan Nagar, Nawab Sahab Kunta, Hafiz Baba Nagar, Amanagar, Kishanbagh and Bandlaguda where a chunk of the residents are migrants.Observers say that even though the red light area of Hyderabad, Mehboob-ki-Mehendi, is history now, the flesh trade remains a thriving business here. The AP State Aids Control Society's (APSACS) recent mapping of sex workers during 2010-11 pegs their number in the Old City to an estimated 5,000 of the total 20,000 sex workers operating in the GHMC jurisdiction. \"It's almost on the same lines like in other parts of the city,\" says Kailash Aditya, joint director, targeted interventions, APSACS.Brokers or pimps operating here rent a house in the slum localities and befriend gullible girls and single women who are later lured into the trade. Observers say that at least 15 per cent of these girls are minors and 30 per cent of them are below 20 years.Rafia Nausheen, project coordinator, Mahita, an NGO, says that the brokers prefer interior areas and slums to hoodwink police. \"Girls are shuffled between different areas. Prostitution is happening in houses. In Hassan Nagar, men openly solicit even young schoolgirls, luring them with a hundred or a fifty,\" says Nausheen. The brokers are always on the lookout for young girls, she said.With brokers exploiting these women by polishing off a considerable sum from each of their clients, few women have also formed small groups and are in direct touch with their customers.Moghalpura inspector Syed Fayyaz told TOI that auto drivers also transport girls from the Old City to other parts of the city. \"We arrested three auto drivers last year based on tip-offs. The soliciting doesn't happen openly in the Old City like in other parts of Hyderabad but the women in the trade have increased,\" says Fayyaz. He added that it is becoming difficult to nab the brokers. He further said that there is a probability that with the Arab marriages dipping drastically, girls from poor households are being forced into sex trade.The area police and non governmental organizations working in this part of the city admit that the number of girls being lured into the trade has increased considerably in the last couple of years. A chunk of them are getting into prostitution to earn their livelihood, while others are doing it out of choice. In some cases parents are unaware, in others they keep quiet for want of money.\"It's a widespread phenomenon. In a worrisome trend, even the middle class college girls are getting themselves involved and it is surprisingly not always because of poverty,\" says Mazher Hussain, director, Cova.Old-timers say that after Mehboob-ki-Mehendi, Hyderabad's red light area located close to the High Court building was evacuated in 1996, the flesh trade has spread to various areas. Sources also said the girls are taken to the numerous beauty parlours and lodges where they are exploited. \"Poor girls, widows and divorcees, often fall prey to the elements since they do not have skills and are also devoid of any support from the family members,\" says a observer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "11372812", "title": "Unspent funds tell upon civic facilities in Bhadrak", "text": "BHADRAK: A whopping Rs 6.49 crore is lying unspent with the Bhadrak municipality since 2009. \"The amount was sanctioned for 2009-2010 and 2010-2011 financial year for development and repair of roads, innovative schemes and repair of infrastructure damaged in floods,\" said Surendranath Panda, executive officer of Bhadrak Municipality.Even funds sanctioned under Swarna Jayanti Sahari Rojagar Yojana, Integrated Housing and Slum Development Plan, including funds received from the 12th and 13th finance commissions are lying unspent for the last couple of years, as we are yet to get the approval of the council, he said.Last month, director of urban development Hrushikesh Tripathy had asked the municipality to form sub-committees on different development projects within a week for speedy implementation of schemes but a council meeting is yet to be convened, the executive officer added. \"We are receiving scores of public petitions on development and doing nothing except passing it onto the chairperson for approval,\" Panda said.At present, all 30 wards are in need of an urgent makeover. \"We pay taxes but do not get the desired facility. There are no proper roads, drainage or sewerage systems, park and auditorium. House building norms are blatantly violated blocking the drainage system and resulting in water logging,\" said Sanjib Nayak, a social worker.But the chairperson blamed the councilors in the opposition for the delay in work. Chairperson Hemangini Sahoo said, \"The councilors are disputing the distribution of funds to wards through the general body meeting of the council and want sub-committes. This has resulted in sanctioned funds lying unused. The situation warrants lawful intervention.\" As many as 17 councillors of the BJD, BJP and one independent councillor had moved a 'no confidence motion' against the Congress-led chairperson of the municipality last year. It was not successful because 20 votes were required to win the motion in the 30-ward municipality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11369403", "title": "\u2018No relief for Israeli held with ammo\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: There was no relief for Nirut Toker (22), the Israeli woman caught with live cartridges in her bag at the international airport. The state on Wednesday informed the Bombay HC that a metropolitan magistrate had refused to close the case against her.\"The police said there was no evidence against Toker, but the magistrate has ordered a probe,\" said additional public prosecutor Aruna Pai.Toker had arrived in India on October 26, after completing her compulsory military service in Israel. She was to catch a flight to Kathmandu, when the CISF found two live cartridges in her bag . After three days in police custody, Toker was released on bail and asked to deposit her passport. Toker's lawyer claimed that the cartridges were from a licensed gun and they had been left in her bag by accident. Toker submitted a certificate from the Israeli police stating she had no criminal record. Her lawyer indicated they would challenge the magistrate's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369803", "title": "Merc eyes 1000% growth by 2020", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the most daring ambition articulated yet by any automobile player in the Indian market, Mercedes Benz India Ltd (MBIL) has set itself a target of 10-times the current sales volume at the end of the next nine years. MBIL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mercedes Benz AG of Germany.Speaking to TOI, Mercedes Benz director (sales &amp; marketing) Debashis Mitra said the company was aiming to sell over 70,000 cars in the Indian market by 2020. \"We will grow 1000% in the next 9-10 years to emerge as the most dominant player in the luxury segment,\" he said on the eve of the Auto Expo.To put the figures in perspective, MBIL sold 3,400 cars in 2009, 5,819 in 2010 and 7,430 in 2011. In the past two years, BMW has overtaken Mercedes Benz in volumes, riding a wider portfolio with cars in the sub-Rs 30 lakh segment where it is currently absent. Audi, the third German car-manufacturer in the luxury segment, is breathing down Mercedes' neck.Mitra's confidence in achieving the astronomical numbers stems from Mercedes Benz's entry into the premium sub-Rs 25 lakh segment with first the B Class in April this year followed by the A class compact next year. Both the cars are expected to substantially shore up volumes for the three pointed star. Also in the offing in 2013 is the GLC sport utility vehicle that will compete with the BMW X1 and Audi Q3.\"In the growth outlined for the next nine years, 50% of the volumes will come from the new cars, primarily the A Class, the B Class and other products that we will launch over the next four years. The remaining will be generated from the existing portfolio comprising the C Class, E Class, S Class, M Class and other performance vehicles,\" Mitra said.He though emphasized that MBIL would continue to focus strongly on the luxury segment to ensure that it maintained the best net revenues among all players in the segment. \"We do not intent to sacrifice our basic philosophy of strong financials in the quest of volumes,\" he clarified.The Auto Expo beginning Thursday will provide an insight into MBIL's future strategy with the company showcasing its new design philosophy that attempts to give the car a more contemporary and youthful image. \"The A Class concept car designed by Mercedes Benz's engineering team in Stuttgart Germany will for the first time unleash in India the new design language of Mercedes-Benz. It will give people an insight into the future of automobiles,\" the MBIL official said.The pulse racing new design language introduced at the Auto Expo in the concept mode this year will find a more concrete expression in the vehicles introduced next year: the B Class and the new M Class. The vehicles will be sharp and edgy with straight lines.In 2013, the A Class will be launched in India followed by at least five more cars that follow the new design DNA in the next three years. \"Eventually, the existing products - C Class, E Class and M Class - will also sport the new pulse racing design language. There are exciting times ahead,\" said Mitra.Also integral to the volume ambition is the strategy to assemble the new cars in the completely knocked-down (CKD) format instead of semi-knocked down (SKD) or import in complete built unit (CBU) vehicles. MBIL has already invested Rs 700 crore in a new assembly plant and the company may even build a strong case of setting up a manufacturing base in India, similar to the one it has in China, once volumes cross the 50,000 mark. If that happens, it will be a whole new ball game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11373042", "title": "Truant experts make science meet a flop show", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After a high-voltage inauguration by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday, the ongoing 99th Indian Science Congress here proved to be a flop show on its second day on Wednesday with all major programmes cancelled.While Union ministers Kapil Sibal, Vilasrao Deshmukh and Ashwani Kumar skipped their schedule participation at the Children's Science Congress, running parallel to the ISC, several public lectures and panel discussions were cancelled because the speakers did not turn up.Eminent scientist and Rajya Sabha member Prof M S Swaminathan, who was present on the first day, could not attend his two sessions on Wednesday. He left for Chennai. \"My brother is ill. I had to cut my stay short and rush back,\" Prof Swaminathan told TOI.Swaminathan was to chair a session on \"Climate change and food security\" besides taking part in a panel discussion on \"Year of Science: Role of Science Academies\". Swaminathan had chaired a public lecture on \"Commemorating the Year of Science\" on the inaugural day.Dr V K Saraswat, director general of Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) and an eminent missile scientist, gave the conference a slip leading to cancellation of the DRDO public lecture.Mexican physiologist and neurobiologist Dr Rene Raul Drucker, who was selected for the UNESCO Kalinga Prize for Popularization of Science for the year 2011 could not made it to the award ceremony.The ISC organizers, however, downplayed the massive non-participation. \"Dr Saraswat could not make it because of health reasons. But there was not many cancellations,\" said Dr Abhaya Kumar Naik, registrar of National Institute of Science Education and Research, who is a local organizing secretary of the Indian Science Congress.Dr Naik said five Nobel laureates are coming in the coming days. Most of the sessions will run as per schedule, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11372998", "title": "A stylish way to ring in 2012", "text": "The Calcutta Club New Year's Eve presented by Black Dog with media associate The Times of India and co-sponsored by the UB Group was a roaring success among the members and guests who rocked the night of December 31 with fun, food, laughter and music.With the dawn of the New Year few hours away, the club was all decked up and bustling with people making merry at every corner. Hirak K Mitra, president of the club, explained, \"Though the age profile of the club is quite high, they have not lost the capacity to rejoice.\" To celebrate this special night with friends and family, members had started pouring in from 9 pm. According to Dr Indrajit Roy, sheriff of Kolkata and chairman of the Wine and Cigar committee, Calcutta Club, said, \"There are members who don't visit the club regularly but this time of the year everybody took time out to come together and usher in the New Year. Around 1,500 people joined us on NYE. This club rep resents Kolkata people who know how to make merry and get into a joyous mood given half an excuse.\" With Hip Pocket belting out hit English numbers, people swayed to the tunes on the dance floor. Initiated by a ball dance by an elderly couple, the rest of the night saw people of all age groups dancing away. The electrifying ambience was created by Sumith Ramchandran's guitar, Mainak Nag Chowdhury on bass and Dominic Saldanha on the keyboard.As the spirits soared higher, the hugs and embraces got warmer with DJ Sameer from Mumbai giving people a reason to let their hair down with a foot-tapping mix of current Bollywood hits while the countdown to the New Year began with \"Kolaveri Di\" and ended in balloons bursting, loud cheers and warm wishes. As Sambhu Mukherjee, one of the past presidents, added, \"Though I am a member of some other clubs I feel at home here. This is the best celebration for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11368945", "title": "Punjab EC chief on 4-day leave due to mother's demise, special CEO to take charge", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab state election office received a temporary setback on Wednesday after its CEO Kusumjit Sidhu went on a four-day leave due to sudden demise of her mother, forcing CEC, S Y Quraishi, to promptly announce her deputy and special CEO Usha Sharma to assume charge, a day before the first big poll event -- nomination of candidates -- by political parties to Punjab polls begins.CEO Kusumjit Sidhu, who had stirred a hornet's nest in the state, along with her team, cracking a whip on political parties and transferring several bureacrats before elections, lost her mother early Wednesday.The CEO will be out of action till Monday, the Election Commission announced.\"At this time of bereavement, we leave Kusumjit to be with her family to seek peace and fortitude. She has been doing a commendable job. Let this not be an opportunity for any party to take the EC's role lightly any more. We have already had unwanted trouble brewing in the state,\" Quraishi told The Times of India over phone from Delhi.Quraishi said that the special CEO and her team were highly capable of handling any untoward incident related to elections.\"We understand that tomorrow onwards, it will be a big onus on EC to ensure that the nomination procedure is carried on smoothly. We have full trust in the special CEO and the equally efficient members of her team, who have so far done a wonderful job in this volatile state,\" said Quraishi.The nomination process begins on January 5 and will be completed on January 12.The CEO office of Punjab has rattled the ruling government with transfers of as many as four deputy commissioners and five senior superintendents and hauled up the opposition parties over their ad campaigns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11375357", "title": "One day SRK, Salman will kiss my hand: KRK", "text": "Actor, producer and writer Kamal Rashid Khan, who earned ill fame after appearing in the third season of the reality show Bigg Boss, has once again kicked up a fuss because of his tweets.Self-proclaimed actor is annoyed with the Bollywood biggies and expressed it on the micro blogging site.No reply to the New Year Message KRK sent NY wishes to Aamir, Salman, Saif, SRK, Akshay, Ranbir, Shahid, Katrina and Deepika Padukone and is fuming because of no reply. Angry and upset KRK tweets,\"Amir, Salman, Saif, SRK, Akshay, Ranbir, Shahid, Kat, n Deepika didn't reply of my new yr wishs SMS. One day they will kiss my hand 4 sure\". He also adds that if they do not reply to some chotey motey stars like Jimmy Shergill , Rajpal then it is ok but if they don't reply to KRK then it's a problem.Concern for Abhishek Bachchan KRK in an earlier interview toTOI says, that he is an Amitabh Bachchan fan and would like to share screen with him. But it seems that not only Big B but Junior Bachchan is also his favourite. Disappointed over Abhishek being dropped from Puri Jagannath's next he tweets,\" News everywhere tat Jagan puri refused to take @juniorbachchan in his film. Jagan ki aukaat nahi hai refuse Karney ki. Who the hell is he?\". KRK believes that Abhishek Bachchan is a superstar and can make 10 Puri Jagannath's in an year.KRK may have flopped as an actor but these tweets will surely gain adverse publicity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369690", "title": "Snake found in Prez\u2019s bathroom!", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day before President Pratibha Patil arrived here for her annual southern sojourn 11 days ago, as many as 10 snakes were caught by a special team deputed by the Nehru Zoological Park at Rashtrapathi Nilayam in Bolarum. One of the snakes, a racer, was found in the president's bathroom!In what has become an annual ritual, the team caught 10 snakes this year including a cobra, three rat snakes, four racers and two kraits before the president's arrival. After staying at the RP Nilayam for 11 days, the president left for New Delhi on Wednesday.\"A racer was caught in the president's bathroom a day before the VVIP arrived here. They caught the snakes in the vicinity of the main house. Kraits are four times more poisonous than the Indian cobra,\" Nehru Zoological Park assistant curator S Ramesh told TOI.The cobra has been put on display at the zoo, while other reptiles have been set free in the snake safari. Last year, the zoo officials had caught 12 snakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11371014", "title": "Bus karo, this is our home too", "text": "BANGALORE: A few months ago, I started commuting by bus. I don't drive, I don't enjoy the daily arguments with autorickshaw drivers, I moved to a part of the well connected by bus, and I wanted to make a serious attempt at using public transport. I wanted to walk the talk.It went swimmingly well. I discovered the many joys of bus commuting, among them a wonderful opportunity to observe people, fall into conversation and hear stories. I could read on the bus -- even in the evenings - and I could look out of the window into the heart of this city I love.As with all new passions, it was perfect for a while. Then the novelty wore off, I felt less virtuous, and I started noticing the not-so-perfect aspects: bus routes, timings and frequency would change arbitrarily, some drivers and conductors viewed the vehicle as their personal fiefdom to run as they pleased, that they felt when you were on 'their territory' they could be as rude as they wanted to, and the fact that the rudeness went up several notches when they figured you didn't speak Kannada. I learnt the exact meaning of the word 'disdain' on these buses.I think it's perfectly reasonable to be expected to learn the local language, but it should be a matter of choice. I don't want to be bullied into it. I don't want to be judged for not speaking it. I don't want to stop using a public service, supposedly run by professionals, because I don't speak it.And on Wednesday, I realized how deep my outsider status was. I stopped two men on my bus from thrashing a girl they suspected of trying to steal a purse. No crime was perpetrated, they didn't have a shred of evidence, yet they started slapping the young girl around. I yelled at them and advised her to get off. Well, they had a new victim. How dare I, a Hindi-speaking interloper, interfere in their righteous rage, in their democratic right to take the law into their hands? Out came the trump card -- get out of here if you don't speak Kannada. 'Nikal jao idhar se'.I'm tired of hearing that. I will not talk about the many wonderful things 'outsiders' are doing to make this city a better place to live in. I will not say 'I'm a citizen of this country. I pay my taxes'. I will not point out the many ways in which I love this city, its people and its culture.I will continue to take the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11370202", "title": "Man recompensed fully for faulty car", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ashit Shah received Rs 6.45 lakh from Tata Motors and Cargo Motors Private Limited as the full refund of his purchase price with interest, compensation for agony and harassment for a faulty Indigo car he had bought for Rs 4.59 lakh in May 2004.In 2005, Shah and Consumer Education and Research Society (CERS), Ahmedabad, complained to the Ahmedabad District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum that soon after the purchase, Shah found that the vehicle had manufacturing defects. They had claimed either replacement of the car or a full refund.The forum gave its verdict in favor of Shah in 2006, prompting the two companies to appeal to State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission against the forum's judgement. The commission dismissed the appeal and upheld the forum's judgement of 18 April 2011.The judgement directed Cargo Motors and Tata Motors to replace Shah's old Tata Indigo car with a new car of the same make and model. If the car was not replaced within a month Shah should be paid Rs 4,59,583 with 9 percent interest from the date of his complaint until the date of payment. He was also awarded Rs 5,000 for his mental agony and harassment, and Rs 2,000 towards his legal costs.As per the complainants' case, defects were obvious right from the day of purchase and the car had to be sent for repairs 20 times in seven months. The problems, however, persisted and were confirmed to be manufacturing defects, resulting in much inconvenience.\"Aggrieved consumers should never lose heart; they must pursue their grievance and assert their rights until they get justice,\" said Shah who received the money recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370084", "title": "Traders trap armed duo at jewellery shop", "text": "KOLKATA: The employees of a jewellery shop on BB Ganguly Street caught two armed robbers red handed when they tried raiding the shop on Wednesday evening. They were later handed over to police. An improvised gun was seized from the duo.A woman, believed to be a part of the gang, is absconding.The shop owner Sanjib Saha said the gang had been to the shop once before and had threatened them not to inform police.After spotting the trio on Wednesday, Saha and his staff tactfully left the shop and then locked the collapsible gate to trap the goons. But the woman managed to escape. The anti-robbery section of detective department has started probe. We will also inquire why we weren't informed earlier, police said.Sanjib Saha, the owner of the shop claimed that, a week back, the same gang landed in his shop. The shop was not crowded then and suddenly one of three (two youths and a woman- all in their mid thirties) pulled out a gun and pointed towards Sanjib. \"They did nothing. They just left a chit where they had written to not inform police otherwise they would kill us,\" said Sanjib.The shop owner said that on Wednesday evening around 6pm one of his employee spotted trio in the shop and informed Sanjib. Meanwhile after earlier threatening he did not inform police. He spoke to his fellow traders and decided to not inform police. \"We were expecting that the gang will turn up soon and alerted other traders,\" said Sanjib.Soon after spotting trio, Sanjib informed other traders and with their help his employees trapped them inside the shop. \" We gradually started coming out of the shop and then closed the collapsible gate. They tried to flee but two of them were caught. The woman managed to escape,\" said one of the employees of the shop.Police at Muchipara police station was informed and later duo were handed over to police. Cops found an improvised gun. After initial probe, police managed to identify duo as Raizul Mandal and Kalu Mullick.\" We yet to confirm their residence,\" said an investigator. DC Central rushed to the spot and officers from anti robbery section of detective department have started probe. Police hinted that they will examine the owner of the shop to know why he did not inform police earlier after being threatened by the same gang. \" We will take two to crime record section of the detective department to get their antecedence,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11372061", "title": "40 booked for violating code of conduct", "text": "VARANASI: For the violation of model code of conduct of Election Commission , cases were registered against 40 persons associated with different political parties on Tuesday.According to the district election officer, in Varanasi South constituency FIRs were lodged against the Congress candidate Daya Shankar Mishra, Chandra Prakash of Samajwadi Party (SP), Mohammed Istakbal Qureshi of SP while in Cantonment constituency cases were lodged against Anil Srivatava of Congress, Ashfaq Ahmed of SP, Abhay Patel of Bharatiya Samaj Party.In Varanasi North constituency cases were lodged against Arun Kesharai of Lok Manch while in Shivpur constituency FIRs were lodged against Hemant Singh of BJP and Radha Krishna of Bharatiya Samaj Party. Cases were also lodged against Kaushalendra Patel of BJP, Nil Ratan of Apna Dal (AD), Surendra Singh of SP, Ramakant of Bahujan Samaj Party, Devendra Pratap Singh of BJP, Vibhuti Narayan Rai of BJP, Rajnath of AD and others in Sevapuri constituency. Similarly action initiated against Anupriya Patel of AD, Abhay Patel of Bahujan Samaj Party in Rohaniya constituency, Hausla Prasad Patel of AD Banslal Patel of AD in Pindra constituency, and Bhuvan Narayan Singh of SP, Manoj Kumar of AD, Lalji Sonkar of SP and Mobin of AD in Azagara constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11372379", "title": "Swamp deer population decreases in Kaziranga", "text": "JORHAT: After the loss of four rhinos in just 20 days, there's more bad news for Kaziranga National Park - according to the 2012 census report of swamp deer, the park has lost 24 deer within a year with the number down to 1,144 from 1,168 in 2011.\"According to the census report, the number of swamp deer was found to be only 1,144 this year, across all the forest ranges of the park,\" park director Surajit Dutta said.He added the census was conducted in relation to a project of the government.This is the first time the number of swamp deer in the national park was found decrease in the last 21 years. The swamp deer is one of the rare species found in the park. The existence of this species was discovered in 1991 with 559 animals in the park. In 2007, the population increased to 681 and since then, their numbers only increased until 2011.The park authorities launched the census of the swamp deer population on Tuesday. It was a day-long programme and the final result of the census came out on Wednesday. An official engaged in the operation said, \"To ensure an easy and successful census operation, we divided the park into various zones comprising all the four ranges - Kohora, Bagori, Burhapahar and Agoratoli.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374741", "title": "KISS prepare Monster album", "text": "KISS think 'Monster' is the best album they've created in a long time.Guitarist Paul Stanley says the rockers are \"very proud\" of their first album in three years, which they are finishing this week and the band are \"really excited\" about its release.Paul said: \"We are about two days from being finished with this album - It's almost done and it's awesome. It is by far the best thing we've done in I don't know how long.\"Have I ever said that before? Yeah. Was I right? Yeah. I'm right this time again. Truly, the album kicks major ass and we're very, very proud of it.\"Guitarist Tommy Thayer added: \"You're gonna be as excited as we are, 'cause we're really excited. And we're not just saying that. This is great stuff. It's amazing.\"Paul recently admitted 'Monster' - the band's 20th album, due to be released in the spring - was \"much easier\" to do than their last record, 2009s 'Sonic Boom', because they have properly re-established themselves after taking a ten year break after 1998's 'Psycho Circus'.He explained: \"'Sonic Boom' was a pivotal album in the sense that we were aware of who we were as a performing band, but we had to re-establish who we are as a recording band. That being done, this is much easier and that much more self-assured.\"Bassist Gene Simmons added: \"This new record feels heavier than 'Sonic Boom'. It feels like it's a connection between 'Destroyer' and 'Revenge'.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11369118", "title": "Consumers may have to pay for pole removal", "text": "NAGPUR: If you want the electric poles, standing on the middle of the roads, to be removed, you might have to shell out 130 per month. MSEDCL has filed a petition at the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court to recover 50 crore of its share. The petition will be heard by MERC on Thursday.Court had ordered NMC and MSEDCL to remove all the 8,384 poles by April 30, 2012 and had ordered them to share the cost equally. MSEDCL had appealed in the Supreme Court unsuccessfully. The cost of this work is about 100 crore and MSEDCL wants to recover 50 crore through levying a surcharge from consumers of Congress Nagar, Mahal, Gandhibagh and Civil Lines division. While NMC in the standing committee meeting held on December 23 had sanctioned its share.MSEDCL wants to recover this amount from consumers, but is not doing anything to recover over 200 crore from its power franchisee Spanco, whose dues have been increasing gradually. The company has also not refunded the extra surcharge collected under zero load-shedding (ZLS) scheme from Nagpurians.Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) has strongly opposed MSEDCL's plea. RB Goenka has stated in his objection that the petition should to be rejected as cost of infrastructure development and similar works can be recovered through power tariff only and not through any surcharge.Goenka pointed out whenever VIA had demanded lower tariff for Vidarbha, as it was a power surplus region, MERC had rejected its contention stating that differential tariff could be levied. Based on the same principles, the surcharge would be a grave injustice to consumers.Goenka further stated that while MSEDCL wanted Nagpurians to pay for pole shifting the power infrastructure of the city was in an extremely bad shape. He pointed out that the system had totally collapsed in May after a thunder storm and a large part of the city was in darkness for more than three days after the franchisee took over. He further stated that overhead distribution lines were in a very poor condition and the tap off service lines to consumers were done in non-technical manner, without using proper material which led to voltage drop and floating neutral consequently damaging electrical appliances.Pramod Pande of Janmanch, the consumer organization that had filed the public interest litigation (PIL) for removal of poles, termed the decision as against the spirit of HC order. \"The decision is unjust. MSEDCL should foot the cost. Nagpurians are not responsible for the mess so why should they pay for it,\" he demanded.MSEDCL officials, however, have a different take on it. \"There are several such demands from various cities in Maharashtra. We cannot pay for each and every work from our pockets. Ultimately, it will burden the consumers through increased tariffs. So it is better that only the beneficiaries pay,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11370060", "title": "Missing girls return, trafficking suspected", "text": "KOLKATA: Two school girls, who went missing since December 20, returned on Tuesday. Police suspect that the girls were trapped by traffickers.Some weeks back, on December 20, two Class-X students of a south Kolkata school fled home after fairing poorly in their annual examination. Parents of the girls lodged a missing complaint with Gariahat police station.When police failed to trace the girls, the parents lodged a complaint of kidnapping.On Monday, one of the girls' father informed police that his daughter sent an sms from her cell phone stating that they were trapped and trying to flee. Probe revealed that the text message was sent from Baruipur, South 24- Parganas.While police were trying to trace the teenagers, late on Tuesday they informed their parents that they were released near Survey Park off Eastern Metropolitan Bypass.Later the girls reportedly told police they fled to Diamond Harbour and were heading for Kolkata on December 23 when they befriended a man named Subho Das at Baruipur station. Das reportedly arranged a shelter for them.\"Both girls were in school uniform and they reportedly told Das that they had fled homeconfessed that they fled from home when Das quizzed them,\" said a police officer.The girls claimed that they were at Baruipur till Monday. Police, however, could not figure out the reason behind confining the girls since there were no marks of physical or sexual torture.Police feel that the duo was trapped and traffickers were trying to smuggle them out. not got a clear picture why they were confined as initially no marks of physical and sexual torture have been found. Police have reasons to believe that a duo girl were trapped by any trafficker and was waiting for a scope to smuggle them out.Cops raided a Baruipur house but by then Subho Das had reportedly shifted the girls to a rented house at Survey Park area.The girls reportedly told police that they were in a flat at an under construction building.Subho was accompanied by a woman, the girls said. On Tuesday the girls managed to flee.On Wednesday police raided the apartment near Nandankanan close to EM Bypass but nobody was found. Probe revealed that the flat was rented by a couple - Subhojit De and his wife Tumpa De - around 15 days back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11370811", "title": "Dates out, exam fever grips city students", "text": "CHENNAI: Class 10 and Class 12 students of schools affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE ) are set to take the board examinations from March 1.About 7.5 lakh students will take the Class 12 board exams this year , compared to 6.84 last year and 6.81 lakh in 2010.In the Chennai zone 69,825 students, including regular and private candidates , are set to take the senior school board examination this year. This is a significant improvement from 61,753 last year and 56,697 in 2010.The Chennai zone comprises CBSE schools in Tamil Nadu , Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Goa, Puducherry, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, and Daman and Diu.Principals of CBSE schools in Chennai said that many of their Class 10 students had opted for school-based assessment than the board exam this year. \"Now there is much more awareness among students about the fact that there is not much difference between opting for the school exam and the board exam in Class 10,\" said director of Paavai Vidyashram CSatish.School heads said that last year's experience had given Class 10 students the confidence tooptfor school-based assessmentin 2012.\"Ninety three per cent of students in our school have opted for school-based assessment this year. The Tamil Nadu government was the first to issue guidelines to schools affiliated to other boards of education on admitting children from CBSE schools in higher secondary classes . So ,students had no problems in gaining admission in higher secondary classes elsewhere,\" said senior principal of Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram J Ajeeth Prasath Jain.However, the number of Class 10 students in schools in the Chennai zone opting for board examsthis year is96,959 compared to the 55,366 students who have opted for the school-based exam.Sources said this was because students in other states like Maharashtra , which is also part of Chennai zone , continued to prefer board exams, while students in Tamil Nadu preferred school based assessments. CBSE gave Class 10 students the option of choosing between school-based assessment and board exams last year in an attemptto reduce exam-related stress in students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "11369521", "title": "Police lathicharge TRS agitators in Warangal", "text": "WARANGAL: Tension prevailed in Warangal district ahead of TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu's Rythu Porubata in Palakurthy constituency with pro-Telangana activists threatening to disrupt his tour on January 6. Police lathicharged protestors in Jangaon including TRS MLAs T Harish Rao and D Vinaya Bhaskar, on Wednesday.More than 20 TRS workers suffered serious injuries and were shifted to local hospitals. Trouble began when police obstructed the MLAs' vehicles on the outskirts of Jangaon when they were on their way to take part in a programme organised by TRS politburo member Sunitha Reddy at Lingala Ghanpur in protest against Naidu's tour. Irate TRS activists and the MLAs' supporters shouted slogans against the police action.The situation soon went out of control as the TRS workers and cops scuffled with each other. When the TRS workers refused to budge, police lathicharged the protesters. In the melee, Harish Rao fell down, while the workers ran helter-skelter. Earlier, Sunitha Reddy was also stopped by the cops on the outskirts Lingala Ghanpur and taken into custody along with 60 of her supporters.Flaying police action, Warangal West MLA Vinaya Bhaskar called upon the people not to allow Naidu to undertake his tour in the district. While Harish Rao was sent to Bachannapet police station, Bhaskar was taken to Narmetta PS. An attempt was made to shift Harish to Siddipet police station but it met with resistance from his followers following which cops had to again resort to lathicharge. Political JAC chairman Prof M Kodandaram condemned the police action and alleged that CM Kiran Kumar Reddy and Naidu have colluded to dilute the separate Telangana issue.District police authorities have registered cases against 63 TRS leaders under sections 143, 120 B, 153 A, 504, 506 read with 149 of IPC for making provocative statements against Naidu's yatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11368475", "title": "Spect-CT scan can help detect cancers early", "text": "NAGPUR: Rainbow Medinova Diagnostic Services has added a state-of-the-art diagnostic facility-the single photon emission computerized tomography or Spect-CT scan-that can pick up abnormal changes in any organ of the body and thus diagnose disease like cancer much earlier than other scans. Termed as functional or cellular imaging in medical terms, this upgraded CT scan compared to conventional (structural) imaging can additionally detect the changes in functioning of an organ at very early stage using hybrid imaging technology.The new nuclear medicine machine has an improved version of a gamma camera that costs Rs 1 crore. It will benefit cancer, heart, brain, kidney and thyroid patients specifically.\"The new machine has an added advantage that it can superimpose images obtained by CT scan and MRI over Spect scan using a special software. Since it is a nuclear medicine tool, patient is injected with some isotopes in negligible quantities that can pick up the cancerous changes in bones or any organ extremely accurately,\" said Dr Kausik Chatterjee, nuclear medicine expert at Medinova.He, however, admitted that the nuclear scan alone has its limitations as it could not detect structural defect in organs.Dr Rajeev Dhakne, managing director of Medinova, claimed it was the first and only lab in city with such a facility. \"The new equipment actually uses a combination of images obtained through nuclear imaging, CT scan and MRI. Nuclear images depend on the metabolic activity within any organ. Cancerous area has exaggerated metabolic activity as cancerous cells grow very fast. This activity is picked up by nuclear image while change in structure in organ is picked by other imaging methods,\" he said.The Spect scan is an extremely handy tool also for detecting cardiac or heart problems. \"The new imaging provides information about the actual blood flow in heart muscle, pump function and create hybrid images fusing the perfusion and CT angiography images. It can also conduct a fast renal scan and give picture of functioning of the kidney,\" said Dr Shekhar Bhagwat, medical director of the services. Except for the heart scan which could cost about Rs 10,000, tests on organs like thyroid, kidney, cancer etc would cost about Rs 4000.Spect-acular advantage* Based on real time imaging* More accurate and early diagnosis due to use of combination of nuclear, CT and MRI technologies* Wider application spectrum* Chances of false positive minimized* Patients with pacemakers too can be put on scan* No risk of allergic reaction due to use of isotopes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11371209", "title": "Etch your name on cask for Rs 3 crore", "text": "BANGALORE: After you've had your fill of yachts, rocks, hot wheels, designer threads, chalets and trophy wives, what do you do? Get yourself a personalized cask of single malt from marque labels like Glenlivet, Macallan , Bowmore, Highland Park or Dalmore to ring in a milestone.Luxury is being redefined with the uber rich going for customised experiences that sets them well apart from consumers of affordable luxury. While it's passe to be a connoisseur of single malt, you flaunt your status and wallet by owning a private collection of your own single malt whisky. This new-found fascination with creating a bespoke experience could set you back by anything between Rs 50 lakh and Rs 3 crore, an amount that could well fetch you a house.Labels offer customized whisky casks for special occassionsBANGALORE: Special occasion? Get yourself a personalized cask of single malt from marque labels. The uber rich have brought a new dimension to the concept called luxury.Here's how it works: those interested in owning a private label have to buy a cask of single malt whisky, which translates into 250 to 300 bottles (each of 750ml volume).Each cask differs in taste; when an individual lays claim to a cask, it becomes one-of-its kind product in the world.In comparison, regular single malts are predefined in taste and attributes. Commercially available single malts contain 43% alcohol, whereas in private labels, this content is higher and owners can specify the level.The age of single malts can vary from 10 years to 44 years, and in some cases even higher. The cost of private labels depends on factors such as brand, labels, age, variants, and availability . The labels are designed specially with customised messages and names, and the bottle is presented in handcrafted wooden boxes.Sandeep Arora, director of Spiritual Luxury Living, who's in the private label business and has procured a wide range of private label single malt whiskies from Scotland , says, \"These are specific products and do not work on volume, but more on value. Currently, this market is more tuned towards entities and individuals who enjoy high-end personalised products.\"According to him, the demand for private labels is to celebrate various occasions. \"We're currently offering these to commemorate alumni get-togethers , weddings, personal milestones, and anniversaries . Hotels, restaurant chains, and bars are other clients interested in owning private labels.\"Luxury hotels, too, have been active in the private label business, an extension of the bespoke experience they offer to guests. The ITC Group of Hotels has its label of a Glenfiddich 1975, which retails at Rs 6,500 per 60ml.The Taj Group of Hotels has its label of a Macallan 21 years. Vivanta by Taj has a 17-year-old Aberlour, which retails at over Rs 4,000 per 60ml. The Leela Group of Hotels, The Park Hotels, and Hyatt Regency are other hotel chains in India looking at procuring their private label collections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11370750", "title": "Lack of railway loos hits women hard", "text": "MUMBAI: The suburban rail network-the lifeline of the city-signifies gender discrimination in urban planning which even disregards the basic sanitary needs of women commuters . Statistics show that of the 1,443 toilets and urinals at stations on the suburban network, only 259 are for women commuters.Nearly 6.3 million passenger travel daily on the suburban network. The number of commuters also keep increasing every year by 3% on WR and CR and 10% on the Harbour line. It is estimated that nearly 15-20 % of all commuters are women. Despite this, the railways have failed to provide toilets and urinals for them. The statistics show that of the total number of toilet/urinals in suburban stations , only 17% were for women.On the Western Railway, there are 437 urinals, of which 404 are for men. On Central Railway, too, the figure is dismal, with a mere 43 urinals built for women as against 513 for men.Apart from urinals, the railways also build toilets or water-closets (WC) for commuters. WR built 174 toilets, but only 75 are for women. On CR, 172 of the 276 toilets are rserved for males.Chetan Kothari, an RTI activist, said, \"To say that the figures are dismal will be an understatement. I was egged on to seek this data by women railways staffers who themselves are victims of this apathy. The urban development or the railway ministry should formulate norms that will spur authorities to increase the number of urinals and toilets for women commuters.\"Soon, commuters will be able to say goodbye to stinky, dysfunctional toilets on suburban stations as Central Railway has drawn up plans to invite private players to provide air-conditioned restrooms whose quality will be on par with those at malls.The project will work on the build-operate-and-transfer method. A senior official said, \"The first such project will be implemented on a pilot basis at Thane.\"The operator will be allowed to charge Re 1 per from each person using the toilet. The structure will be built by a sponsor, who will be allowed to use the exteriors to display advertisements. He said, \"We will request the operators to provide air-conditioned facility to improve footfalls.\"The existing system of inviting tenders for the maintenance of toilets has not yielded the desired results. The official said, \"Contractors are not interested in bidding because we club stations with few footfalls. Also, there are no takers for smaller stations. Moreover, due to poor returns, the contractor tries to sacrifice the quality by reducing manpower and usage of inferior quality cleaning agents.\"The new concept, the brainchild of CR general manager Subodh Jain, will also generate funds to improve existing toilets on stations.The railway board has come out with a policy of building deluxe toilets near entry /exit points of stations in lieu of advertising rights. But due to unavailability of space outside the stations, such structures are not possible. A WR official said they have tried to resolve the issue by coordinating with the BMC to open public toilets outside station premises like Mahim and Vile Parle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373830", "title": "Wanted: The Isaignani", "text": "Music composer Ilaiyaraaja has a packed 2012 with numerous projects in Kollywood and other film industriesMaestro Ilaiyaraaja and his music seem to be in demand in recent months in tinseltown. Veteran actor-turned-director-producer Vinu Chakravarthy, who's set to commence his new project Veli Kathaan, says, \"I spoke with the maestro to compose music for my comeback film and maiden production. And we recalled our experience during the Rosappoo Ravikkaikari days and my early days in Tamil cinema. I was happy when he showed keenness. In the 40 years that I have spent in the film industry, my comfort levels are only with two personalities here - Rajinikanth sir and Ilaiyaraaja - because of their divinity, God-fearing nature and devotion. It has been my dream to work with him and I hope it comes true.\"The Maestro is currently composing music for Prakash Raj's directorial venture, Dhoni, and will be working on Lakshmi Manchu's Telugu venture, Gundello Godari. And Ilaiyaraaja is also scoring music for Baba Sathya Sai, a film on the life and mission of Sri Sathya Sai Baba , directed by Kodi Ramakrishna (of Arundhathi fame). The veteran music director has even scored the music for short films like Amma, Pachchai Kudai and Mudhalvar Mahathma.Thandavakone and Sengathu Bhoomiyile are also part of his projects. An industry source says that are projects lined up in Hindi and Marathi as well. Looks like old is indeed gold and with producers now queueing up for Ilaiyaraaja magic this year, we're likely to hear some classic tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11372404", "title": "Karbi council polls peaceful", "text": "GUWAHATI: Amid fear of violence, election for the 11th Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) in 26 constituencies, which is seen as a fight between ruling Congress and reformed rebels, passed peacefully under a heavy security cover in the hills district.Altogether 128 candidates are in the fray and the votes cast through secret ballot will be counted on January 9. Of the 555 polling stations, 264 are sensitive, 98 very sensitive and 36 hyper-sensitive.The Congress has fielded its candidates in all the 26 constituencies while six leaders of the now disbanded United People's Democratic Solidarity (UPDS) are in the fray as independents, but backed by People's Alliance for Peace Agreement (PAPA), a conglomeration of various organizations of the district.The UPDS signed the memorandum of settlement with the Centre and the state government last month and soon after the outfit was disbanded to allow its members to enter the democratic process. In the past, the Bodo Liberation Tigers was disbanded and its leaders formed the Bodo People's Front to contest the Bodo Territorial Council election.This was the first KAAC election conducted by the state election commission instead of the hills area development body, which has been conducting the polls in the past. The next election of the council, to be held after five years, will see the number of election constituencies increased from the present 26 to 44. The number of persons nominated to the council by the governor will also increase from the current four to six.District Congress president Sum Ronghang said, \"The Congress will retain power and claimed the party will get 18 seats in this election.\" In the 10th autonomous council, the Congress had 21 elected members and its strength rose to 24 after four ASDC members joined the party.Among the leaders in the fray are former UPDS general secretary Haren Sing Bey, former defence secretary Lambert Engleng, former finance joint secretary Mohan Kathar, former political affairs joint secretary Wajaro Mukrang, home affairs joint secretary Surya Rongfar and former UPDS leader Dhan Sing Rongpi.The former rebel leader Bey said, \"We have gone through only underdevelopment. The time has come to change the system of governance for development.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11371072", "title": "Car drivers mistaken as kidnappers, lynched", "text": "MUMBAI: Two car drivers were lynched by a mob of villagers in Gundle village of Boisar taluka on Wednesday night. The mob mistook them to be members of a gang involved in kidnapping. The drivers had lost their way and had stopped to ask for directions when they were assaulted. No arrests have been made.According to Boisar police, the drivers-who have not been identified yet-were driving a Honda City and Innova. They had dropped passengers to a farmhouse in Boisar, and then went to fetch dinner from a nearby hotel.The villagers attacked the drivers with sticks and iron rods, mistaking them as members of a kidnapping gang. According to the police, rumours of a kidnapping gang operating in Boisar and Palghar had been doing the rounds. However, no case of missing children were registered. The bodies have been sent for postmortem and a murder case has been registered against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374766", "title": "Dakota will never compete with her sister", "text": "Dakota Fanning will never compete with her actress sister.The 17-year-old star's younger sister Elle, 13, has now also established her own film career but the elder sibling insists they will never be screen rivals.She said: \"We see ourselves as two completely different entities. It won't really affect us because ... I mean, we don't even look alike.\"Dakota describes herself as a \"sensible, logical person\" and admits she admires Elle's more care-free attitude to life.The 'Runaways' star added to the new UK issue of Elle magazine: \"She is incredibly free-spirited and totally wears her heart on her sleeve, you know exactly what she is thinking by taking one look at her.\"She's just incredibly . I don't know, I wish I could be more like her sometimes.\"Despite insisting they are not rivals, Dakota admits it has been strange to see Elle working so hard while she has been relaxing at home.She said: \"Usually it's her sitting in pyjamas waving goodbye as I go off some place but this last year it's been me at home by myself in sweatpants saying, 'Bye Elle' as she goes off somewhere all dressed up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370913", "title": "Police still hunting for Rahul", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unable to achieve any remarkable success in resolving the double murder case of siblings in Sector 41, Chandigarh police are conducting raids to arrest Rahul Sahu, who is the prime accused according to them. The mother of the deceased, however, had raised doubts over the police probe, as she said Rahul was a distant relative and rarely visited them.The UT police are not ready to buy this and are concentrating on Rahul's arrest. They have also issued lookout notices in Haryana and other states to nab the accused.\"We have sufficient proofs against Rahul and all our theories point towards his involvement in the crime. Besides, the circumstantial evidence collected from the spot also corroborated our theory,\" said Satbir Singh, deputy superintendent of police (crime), Chandigarh.\"I can't tell an exact time within which he would be arrested but we are on our toes. He would be arrested soon as we are coordinating with neighbouring states too,\" said Singh.Based on the investigation so far, UT police believe Rahul came to the siblings' house in Sector 41 on December 16 and committed the crime. Short-tempered and a drug addict, Rahul had later visited his home in Raipurrani and fled after taking Rs 4,000 from his father Amar Chand.Police claimed they recovered a bloodstained pullover, a match-box and a packet of bidis (cigarette) from the crime spot.They released a photograph of Rahul and have announced a reward of Rs 2 lakh for information regarding the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11371138", "title": "Two women robbed of 190 gram gold within 45 minutes", "text": "BANGALORE: Conmen used similar modus operandi to dupe two elderly women of their gold ornaments in separate incidents in East Bangalore on Wednesday.They claimed to be policemen in plain clothes sanitizing the road following a murder and asked their victims to remove their ornaments and place them in a bag. The miscreants escaped with the ornaments even as their unsuspecting victims thought their valuables were in the bag.The three-member gang first struck on Hormavau main road in Ramamurthynagar around 11.45am. One gangster pretended to be an officer and his accomplices claimed to be constables. They accosted homemaker Madhu, 62, when she was returning home after buying fish.The two \"constables\" told her a murder had taken place in the area and the murderer was hiding in the area. They convinced her it was not safe to walk around with gold jewellery, made her remove the ornaments and put them in a bag. They also helped her to pack her ornaments.When Madhu reached her home in Vijaya Bank Colony, which was 2km away, she realized that her gold ornaments weighing 140gm had been stolen.About 45 minutes later, the trio appeared near the post office in Indiranagar and pulled the same trick, this time with 61-year-old Dhanalaksmi and robbed 50gm gold. Investigating officers said they suspect the hand of an Irani gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11369012", "title": "Haryana sets up boards for rehabilitation of rape victims", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government has constituted district and state boards for implementation of a scheme for financial assistance and support service to victims of rape.Women and child development minister Geeta Bhukkal said here on Tuesday that Criminal Injuries Relief and Rehabilitation Boards would be established in all districts with exclusive jurisdiction to deal with applications for assistance under the scheme.Concerned deputy commissioners would serve as chairpersons of the board. Superintendent of police, civil surgeon, members of juvenile justice board, district child protection officer and members of child welfare committee would be members of the board whereas programme officer, district ICDS cell, women and child development department, would be its member-secretary.Bhukkal said that district boards would decide claims made under the scheme and provide financial assistance as well as order such other support services as may be essential for recovery from physical harm, emotional trauma and protection of the affected person. The board would have powers to summon and record evidence.The board would review the progress of investigation on a periodic basis and recommend change of investigating officers in cases where a request is made by the affected women. It would also issue directions to appropriate authorities to provide counselling, protection, shelter, vocational training, etc., to affected women, wherever deemed necessary.A State Criminal Injuries Relief and Rehabilitation Board under the chairmanship of financial commissioner and principal secretary, women and child development department would be constituted in the state which would have the primary responsibility to coordinate and monitor the functions of district boards, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11369735", "title": "Experts visit Golconda, Qutub Shahi tombs", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government-constituted expert sub-committee formed to pitch for Unesco's World Heritage Status to Qutub Shahi era monuments in the city visited the Golconda Fort and Qutub Shahi tombs on Wednesday.The experts suggested preparation of individual plans for each monument, along with a composite conservation plan. Noting that the gardens in their present form do not represent the original layout, the team suggested that they should be laid in the grid pattern followed by the Qutb Shahis, after consulting the archival material of the period.On the contentious Naya Qila issue, an Intach official told TOI, \"This is one area which has not been scientifically excavated. At the Deccani gardens, recent excavations revealed cisterns and water channels. So it is essential to make thorough excavations at historically important sites.\" She also noted that the problems of new settlements coming up in the vicinity should be addressed.The team said that a master management plan for regular maintenance was required by involving all the stakeholders including GHMC, department of tourism, APTDC, horticulture department, QQSUDA and Archaeological Survey of India. \"We have suggested a high level committee or Task Force under the chairmanship of the state chief secretary,\" the team members said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11368693", "title": "Rs 19,000 cr cleared for Jammu-Valley rail link", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union Cabinet on Wednesday sanctioned over Rs 19,000 crore for the ambitious Udhampur-Srinagar-Baramulla rail project aimed at ensuring rail connectivity between Kashmir valley with rest of the country.Sources said the fund will be utilized for building rail tracks from Katra in Jammu to Qazigund in Kashmir.Recently, the construction work for longest railway tunnel piercing through the Pir Panjal range was completed that paved the way to connect Banihal and Qazigund.The 10.96 km-long tunnel will reduce the travel distance between Quazigund and Banihal, and provide a hassle-free travel up to Baramulla.Railways completed work on the 119-km Qazigund-Srnagar-Baramulla track in 2009. The work on Udhampur-Katra and Katra- Qazigund sections are going on and the deadlines for completion of the two sections have been set at 2013 and 2017, respectively.The project to ensure rail link to Kashmir valley was announced over 17 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11374256", "title": "Now, a software for visually impaired students", "text": "BANGALORE: For the visually-impaired students of Bangalore University, lessons will become a tad easier thanks to Shreedhar TS.The 23-year-old visually impaired lad from Karnataka has come up with an innovative idea which will benefit visually-impaired students whose mother tongue is Kannada. Shreedhar, a second year degree student of Karnataka State Open University has incorporated Kannada script in 'Text to Speech' software, used by the visually-impaired.This means students can now convert their lessons from English to Kannada without any hassle.\"Text to Speech is a software that converts the text on computer into voice. The software has been available for long but visually-impaired students with Kannada as their mother tongue had many limitations as the language was not a part of the software,\" said Shreedhar. He came up with the idea after he faced difficulties himself.\"It has and will benefit many. I know people who have started writing blogs after they used the revised software. I am happy that the software will now be used at the Louie Braille Centre coming up at the Central College campus,\" he said.Vice Chancellor N Prabhu Dev announced that the software will be used at the centre to come up there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11373658", "title": "HDFC Life launches online term insurance plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Private insurer HDFC Life said it has augmented its online channel with the launch of 'HDFC Life Click2Protect' - an online term insurance plan.The plan is aimed for those who seek insurance cover at nominal premiums against their liabilities, HDFC Life said in a release issued here.\"HDFC Life Click2Protect is available in more than 750 cities across the country, the highest reach of an online term insurance plan in the industry. The objective of launching HDFC Life Click2Protect is to cater to the needs of informed customers based not only in metros, but in Tier 2 and 3 cities in the country,\" HDFC Life Executive Vice President and Head, Marketing and Direct Channels, Sanjay Tripathy said.This plan is aimed at an informed customer who understands their liabilities; the extent of cover needed and is fairly conversant with online purchase practices. Click2Protect offers the convenience of experiencing a simple, fast, convenient, transparent, and cost-effective way of buying a life insurance plan, Tripathy added.Apart from HDFC Life Click2Protect, HDFC Life also offers other online products such as HDFC SL Young Star Super II and HDFC SL Crest.HDFC Life is a joint venture between Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (HDFC) and Standard Life plc, the leading provider of financial services in the United Kingdom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11370226", "title": "Grandmother\u2019s investigation plea against Preet Mandir dismissed", "text": "PUNE: A special court's refusal on Tuesday to issue direction to the Central Bureau of Investigation to further probe into the inter-country adoption racket, involving the city-based Preet Mandir, has left a 70-year-old woman distressed in her fight against the adoption centre to get back her two granddaughters.Kisabai Tulsiram Lokhande, a resident of Khandala in Satara district, had handed over her granddaughters - Komal and Ashwini - to an observation home at Karad for taking care and providing education, following the death of their parents in 2004-05. However, the Satara child welfare committee without taking Lokhande's consent shifted the girls to Preet Mandir for rehabilitation.Lokhande, in a plea filed before the court, had alleged that Preet Mandir in connivance with government-run agencies had \"sold\" the girls for Rs 5-25 lakh. Lokhande argued through her lawyers that Preet Mandir had issued an advertisement in a local Marathi daily to show that the girls were destitute.In a plea filed before the Satara police on January 23, 2009, Lokhande had prayed to register a criminal case against the people responsible for illegally transferring the girls, but no action was taken. The Bombay high court on November 4, 2009, dismissed Lokhande's petition seeking criminal charges against the suspects observing that the petitioner should take the case before the proper forum.Lokhande, then, filed a special leave petition before the Supreme Court challenging the HC order, but she withdrew the petition after a lawyer of Preet Mandir-run Balwant Kartar Foundation submitted that the HC had ordered the CBI to investigate all adoption cases between 2000 and 2006.Her lawyers Arundhati Pawar and Pradeep Havnur argued in the special court that her case was not referred to the CBI and pressed to issue directions to continue investigations further as per section 173 (8) of the Criminal Procedure Code.CBI special public prosecutor Manoj Chaldan opposed the plea on the grounds that she had no 'locus standi' to appeal for further investigation as she was not party to the adoption case. The CBI submitted that it had registered an FIR and filed chargesheet against the suspects involved in the adoption case as per the directions of the HC, but it did not come across her granddaughters' case. The CBI argued that the special court did not have the jurisdiction to direct it to continue investigations further as such power was vested with higher courts.Special judge D R Mahajan said Lokhande had not complained to the CBI about the alleged adoption and nor was her statement recorded and instead of approaching proper forum she had approached a wrong forum. The judge observed that Lokhande had no right to seek directions for continuing the investigations further and that the court was also not empowered to issue such directions.\"At the most, Lokhande can now approach the CBI with a complaint in respect of the adoption of her granddaughters and the CBI can take cognizance of her complaint. If the CBI fails to take cognizance, then the only remedy available was to approach the constitutional courts for necessary directions,\" the court order said while dismissing her plea.Lawyer Pradeep Havnur and Anjali Pawar, president of Sakhee, working for child rights, and who is pursuing the case, said, \"The lawyer of Preet Mandir has misled the Supreme Court that the CBI would investigate the case of the two girls. We will now again file a special leave petition in the Supreme Court, seeking directions to the CBI to conduct further investigations\".Lokhande is a vegetable vendor. Komal was seven years old and Ashwini was five years old when they were kept in the adoption centre by their grandmother. It is being alleged that they have been given in adoption to a family in Spain, Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11374701", "title": "Plots for 320 co-op housing members", "text": "INDORE: The district administration has decided to initiate action against erring office-bearers of cooperative housing societies violating the rules in a bid to provide relief to the members. A decision on the housing societies were taken at a high-power committee meeting presided over by the divisional Commissioner Prabhat Parashar on Wednesday.The twenty-year-long wait by 320 members of five cooperative housing societies for residential plots has ended as the administration decided to give them plots by the end of February. Similarly, action will be taken against the office-bearers of five housing societies who were cheating its members while the properties of 60 absconding office-bearers of different housing societies will be attached.Divisional Commissioner Prabhat Parashar told TOI that, \"By the end of February, we will hand over plots to 320 members of five housing societies.\" They include the Kasht Nivaran Housing Society (48 members), Kavita Housing Society (33 members), Laxman Nagar Society (83 members) Jawahar Nagar Housing Society (12 members) and Kasera Housing Society (144 members).He further said that Cooperatives department has finalized the priority list of the members of the societies and the plots will be distributed accordingly.The Cooperatives Department Deputy Commissioner Mahendra Dixit informed the higher authorities that action has been taken as per decisions taken in the last meeting held some two months ago. He informed that the priority list of members 25 housing societies out of 56 societies has been published. \"List of 10 more societies will be out by February 15,\" he said. The Divisional Commissioner directed that the members left out from the list be returned their money and the development works should be done on priority basis.SSP (Indore) A Sai Manohar said that the police would act tough against the erring societies. \"Till now in 32 cases, we have arrested 61 office-bearers of defaulting societies,\" he said. Recently, FIR has been lodged against two societies and three persons have been arrested for irregularities. About illegal sale of lands by the societies, the SSP said that in 38 cases, recommendations have been made to \"cancel the dubious deals\".ADM Alok Singh told TOI that, \"Registration fee to the tune of Rs 70 lakh has been recovered in 135 cases of irregularities by housing societies and the remaining 2 crore would be recovered soon.\"The administration has decided to lodge an FIR against Mahatma Gandhi Housing Society, Karmachari Gan Housing Society, Bhagya Laxmi Housing Society, Ved Mata Gayatri Housing Society, and Daktar Housing Soceity,\" said the Divisional Commissioner adding that the office bearers of these housing societies committed grave irregularities.IG (Indore) Anuradha Shankar, Collector Raghvendra Singh, CEO (IDA) Chandramauli Shukla, Deputy Commissioner Nirmal Upadhyay, and ADM Alok Singh were also present in the meeting. The meeting also discussed issues relating to audit, illegal sale of land, recovery of dues, regularization of illegal colonies and several other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11369834", "title": "Congress rally throws traffic out of gear", "text": "KOLKATA: Congress leaders and nearly 3,500 party supporters, along with their party leaders and state minister, choked central Kolkata for most part of the day on Wednesday, participating in a six-hour sit-in-demonstration at Metro Channel.The Congress rally on J L Nehru Road paralyzed traffic and gave a harrowing time to both commuters and traffic police.Only north-to-south flank could be kept open for south-bound traffic.Traffic from south-to-north hence moved at a snail's pace. This rally caused to a major traffic trauma for south-to-north traffic movement.The north-bound traffic was diverted along Y road at Curzon Park area in Esplanade. The vehicles had to take the Y road and then Esplanade East to move towards Bentinck Street and Central Avenue.Repercussions of the traffic chaos could be felt in the adjacent roads. The chaos had a fall-out in adjacent roads like Esplanade East, R R Avenue, Old House Street, Bentinck Street, Central Avenue, Lenin Sarani and S N Banerjee Road. According to the traffic control, movement of vehicles movement was extremely slow on all these roads and traffic personnel had a tough time in facilitating a smooth dispersal.\"The Metro Channel is a vital passage in south-north corridor of the city. The road carries a huge traffic load. If the road gets choked, the fallout is always detrimental for the management of traffic in central Kolkata,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Since part of the Y Road was encroached upon, it was very difficult to channelize the huge volume of traffic load that of J L Nehru Road. So there was a continuous traffic snarl on Park Street flyover. The cascading impact could be felt on S N Banerjee Road and R R Avenue.The Mamata Banerjee government, of which Congress is a part, had already expressed its intention to limit demonstrations to some parts of Kolkata. and rallies to select parts of Kolkata.This, however, did not gain popular support among other political parties who dubbed it as an attack on their right to protest. The Trinamool on its own has for sometime refrained from staging such traffic-choking rallies. Mamata - who'd already convened an all-party meeting on it - had tried to reason that this wasn't about curbing the right to protest but to stop a handful few from causing harassment to lakhs. and traffic snarls affecting lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11374724", "title": "Michael Fassbender's career stops love", "text": "Michael Fassbender can't have a relationship because of his career.The 'Shame' actor - who was most recently romantically linked to Zoe Kravitz - likes the idea of settling down and raising a family but doesn't think it would be fair on a partner to have to put up with the demands of his job.He told Britain's GQ magazine: \"I'm quite a romantic person and I love the idea of having a family. But I'd have to take a step back out of this.\"It's not fair on somebody to be waiting for you. You spend long periods of time apart and then when I am here, I'm working.\"I find it difficult to do both and to give that other person the right amount of attention and time they deserve.\"The 30-year-old star says he is most attracted to women who are confident and intelligent.Asked what he looks for in a woman, he said: \"Intelligence, self-confidence in one's own skin. If a girl is slightly overweight or, you know, if she's comfortable in herself, living life the way she wants to live it, I find that sexy and attractive.\"If somebody is the perfect mould, but she's not enjoying herself, then I find it sad and unsexy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11369121", "title": "Dense fog, rain likely from Jan 7", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sudden fog engulfed the city on Wednesday night. At airport, visibility dropped to 200m around 10pm leading to CAT I condition. Met officials said that by early morning CAT III conditions were likely to develop at the airport which could cause flight disruptions. Met officials said that due to a western disturbance affecting west Himalayan region, rain was likely over several parts of northwest India, including Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and western UP. Met officials said that dense fog for a prolonged period is likely to affect Delhi and NCR from January 7.The cold spell is also likely to make a reappearance from January 7. Till then the temperature is expected to remain on the higher side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11372442", "title": "Policeman dies in road accident", "text": "GUWAHATI: In the midst of Road Safety Week celebrations here, a policeman died in a tragic road mishap when a 10-wheel truck ran over a police patrolling vehicle on Wednesday morning at Tetelia Ganesh Mandir area under Jalukbari police station.The policeman, identified as Amal Baruah (37), died on the spot while three others including the driver of the vehicle sustained serious injures. Amal Baruah was a constable of Gosala outpost. The driver of the truck fled the spot. However, police managed to catch the handyman.\"It's a case of drunken driving. \" said a police official of Jalukbari PS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369728", "title": "Principals told to ensure bus safety", "text": "GURGAON: After issuing challans against several school bus drivers, the district administration has directed officials concerned to crack down on both motorized and non-motorized vehicles used as school transport which fail to comply with safety norms.This comes close on the heels of the recent accident reported in Ambala where 10 students and the driver were killed and 20 injured after the collision of their overloaded van with a truck on Monday. The district magistrate-cum-deputy commissioner, P C Meena, has invoked Section 144 of CrPC for enforcing these guidelines strictly in the district and has directed all the officers concerned to launch a joint drive.On finding any violation, the guilty will be booked under Section 188 of the IPC. The school managements/owners and principals will be held responsible for the lack of safety measures in the school buses or vehicles and the drivers will be held liable only for his driving-related offences.The administration will send a written memo to all school principals to ensure that the buses or vehicles used for carrying schoolchildren had all the necessary safety measures along with a copy of the measures which they need to take.The schools have been given a fortnight before reopening after the winter vacation for installation of the equipment if any and after this, they will have to give an affidavit to the Secretary, Regional Transport Authority (RTA) that safety measures in their school buses or vehicles were as per the directions of the HC.\"Parents can also complain if the school bus lacks the safety norms. They can send their complaints to the Gurgaon traffic police on Facebook, inform the police control room or contact the DC's office. Complaints can also be sent on the official e-mail of the Deputy Commissioner on dcgrg@hry.nic.in so that action can be taken against the guilty,\" asserted Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11370151", "title": "UP polls: BJP in Kushwaha discomfort", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior BJP leaders and cadre in Uttar Pradesh are finding it difficult to come to terms with the induction of former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha into the party. This is despite the defence of the move by saffron bigwigs in Delhi.Resentment here surfaced on Wednesday when a state working committee member, IP Singh, publicly railed against what he termed the indefensible lapse on the part of state unit chief Surya Pratap Sahi. Sahi is widely considered the man behind the tainted ex-minister's entry into the BJP. \"Ninety per cent of the cadre and senior UP leaders, including Rajnath Singh , Uma Bharati and Kalraj Mishra are dead against Kushwaha's entry and waiting for a chance to react ,\" Singh, who was suspended after he made his statement, claimed.The leader hinted that he was in touch with leaders and workers who were finalising an effective counter-strategy. \"The BJP had committed a similar blunder inducting western UP don DP Yadav just ahead of 2002 assembly election,\" Singh said. Yadav was shown the door within 24 hours after then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee expressed his displeasure. \"A similar response now could save the party from an impending disaster.\"The Kushwaha episode has considerably dampened saffron spirits here. \"It is quite a fall from the moral high BJP enjoyed during Anna agitation,\" a party MLA said. He recalled how till a month ago the state leadership had only one winning strategy - \"cashing in on the support to the anti-corruption crusader . Taking in the most tainted of Maya's ministers who not only cornered the lion's share of the NRHM loot but also happens to be a suspect in the two CMOs' murders, has crashed the party's prospect this time,\" he said.Another old party hand from Bundelkhand faulted the party's thinking that the former minister would attract Kushwaha votes in the region. \"Babu Singh Kushwaha was never known as a mass leader. He began as a grass-roots worker and was confined to Mayawati's household. Nominated as an MLC and minister by the BSP supremo, he has never contested an election in his life. He was just a fund manager for Behanji, dumped after he began parking some for his own clan. So, what kind of support do we expect from such a rank fixer,\" he asked.A section in the BJP explained away the episode as manifestation of a tug-of-war between backward leaders -Uma Bharati and Vinay Katiyar. Katiyar, a former party president and MP from Ayodhya, has not liked the way the top leadership has paradropped former MP CM Uma Bharati. \"Consistently sidelined on home turf, this is his way of proving his utility to Delhi leaders ,\" one of them claimed. Katiyar might have won a battle, but has lost a war, a senior leader who had participated in Rajnath Singh's Jan Swabhiman Yatra to drum up support for the party, summed up.CLOUD COVERBabu Singh Kushwaha was with Kanshi Ram in the late 70s It took him over two decades to become the number two in the BSP hierarchy In his mid-fifties , he joined the BJP after failing to enter Congress He quit as minister of family welfare in April after the NRHM scam surfaced When he accused senior ministers and bureaucrats of hatching conspiracy to kill him, Mayawati expelled him from the party He is also facing Lokayukta inquiry on charges of irregularities in allotment of mining contract Kushwaha entered the state legislative council for the first time in May 2000 Mayawati made him a minister in 2002 He was nominated for legislative council by Maya for the second time in 2007", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11373077", "title": "Traffic training for schoolchildren", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Coinciding with the ongoing traffic awareness week, the police here on Wednesday came up with a &quot;traffic park&quot; in the city to train and educate the younger generation, mostly schoolchildren, on road safety.Set up on the Traffic Police Station premises at AG Square, the park would be open for one month only. Inaugurating the temporary traffic park, twin city commissioner of police B K Sharma said: \"It would act as a school of education to nurture children about the importance of safety on roads.\"The park has miniature bus stops, traffic signals, roads marked with zebra crossing signs and railway level-crossings so as to help children learn road discipline. Going by the \"catch them young\" method, it will be easy to teach youngsters about traffic rules and regulations as compared to others, Sharma said.Children would be allowed to use bicycles to navigate the streets and operate according to traffic laws inside the park. The cops have announced surprise gifts for those children, who are found learning the road rules quickly. Awards would also be given to best traffic slogan writers.Around 5,000 school and college students turned up on Wednesday and participated in debate and slogan writing competitions. Debates of some tiny tots focused on the lack of basic civic sense among motorists on road. \"Many bikers and motorists cross roads by not looking at both sides, creating trouble for fellow passers-by,\" Sudip Mohanty, a student said.The police commissionerate head said plan was afoot to set up a permanent traffic park in the city. \"We also erected small kiosks sensitizing people about the necessity to use helmet and seatbelt. Photo exhibition on gory road accidents has been organized to dissuade people against speed, drunk and rash driving,\" Bhubaneswar traffic ACP Nirmal Satpathy said.Police created a symbolic accident scene near the park by keeping a damaged car with a dead man's effigy on driver's seat. \"Our main aim is make schoolchildren and youth aware of the road rules to be followed while negotiating signals and roundabouts and also lane discipline as well as the do's and don'ts to be observed when using the zebra-crossings,\" commissioner Sharma said.Some children urged the police to properly operate the electronic traffic signals in the city. \"At many signals the lights are not functioning at all. And at some places, the timer traffic signals are not working. Traffic cops are forced to operate it manually,\" Snehasis Sarangi, a student said.Meanwhile, the motor vehicle accidents and subsequent casualties, coming into the notice of police, came down last year compared to the previous years in Bhubaneswar. While 929 motor vehicle accidents were reported here in 2010, it dipped to nearly 590 in 2011. The accident death toll, which had gone up to 190 in 2010 from 158 in 2009, came down to 172 in 2011, official sources said.Likewise, the police detected around 87,430 traffic violators here in 2011, though the figure stood at 118,341 in 2010. Police had come across 74,845 and 98,012 traffic violators in the city in 2008 and 2009, respectively.\"Even though the vehicle strength here is rising every passing day and city area expanding, we managed to tame the accident rate and mortality figure through proper enforcement of traffic law,\" commissioner Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11370829", "title": "Datesheet for classes X, XII out", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's time for students appearing in board exams under the Central Board for Secondary Examination (CBSE) to start preparing for exams as the board has declared the datesheet. The exams for both the classes will commence from March 1.Students of Class XII will start with English followed by political science and physics and Class X exams will begin with the painting exam, however, their first mainstream paper will be mathematics on March 2. Class XII examinations will go on till on April 13 and Class X examinations will end on March 26. The exam would begin from 10.30am.A total of 181 exams will be taken by students from Class XII, whereas 55 tests will be taken by students at the Class X level. With the preliminary exam of All India Pre-Medical / Pre-Dental Entrance Examination 2012 falling on April 1, the last mainstream board exams of medical students of class XII has been scheduled on March 17 (biology). Due to this medical students will have two weeks time to prepare for the entrance test. The final examination of the same will be held on May 13.On the other hand, non-medical students will get over with their mainstream board exam on March 24 (mathematics) and will get ample time to prepare for All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE). The offline AIEEE will be conducted on April 29 and the online AIEEE will be held from May 7 to 25. CBSE regional director R J Khanderao has urged all students appearing for the exams to go by information posted on the website instead of any other website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373086", "title": "Rupam Sarmah is ready with his next", "text": "He's been nominated for the Oscars for composing music for the documentary, \"In Search of God\". And now, RUPAM SARMAH is ready with his recent musical venture, \"Honeymoon\", directed by debutant ARUP BHANJA.The movie, as the director announced at a recent press conference, is about six collegegoers who tie the knot against their parents' wishes and choose Digha as the destination for their honeymoon. Thereafter, a series of mysterious incidents occur, hinting at a not-so-usual honeymoon trip. The film also stars Paoli, Vikram and RupaBhattacharjee apart from debutants AARAV and SAGAR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369609", "title": "Kumar empowers officers to fine offenders", "text": "GURGAON: The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , on Wednesday authorized HUDA officers to issue challans against people who were found dumping garbage in the open, or burning the garbage in a public place, or wasting water.The authorized officers can make surprise visits to different sectors and markets that fall in their jurisdiction and impose fines on the offenders on the spot. The administrator announced this while chairing a meeting of HUDA officers and other employees.He issued directives for the smooth functioning of the infrastructure development work. These officers, who have been given the power to act against offenders, could face serious consequences if found involved in any kind of corruption or partiality while imposing challans. During the meeting, Harmohan, a Class III employee with HUDA, was appreciated for his dedication to his work.The HUDA employees have been asked to prepare a list of problems faced by them as well as their suggestions which would be considered by the administrator in the coming days. For the smooth functioning of the department, the department would also welcome suggestions of the common man.The administrator said that he was not satisfied with the functioning of the legal department. The RWAs and the councillors also met the administrator in the meeting to highlight the issues of their areas. Mangat Ram Bagri, councillor of Ward 10, presented a memorandum about the drainage problem in Sector 4 to the administrator and was assured of a solution in the coming days.Pointing out the increasing corruption in the department, the administrator said that the officer should not raise objections on every file without any reasons. \"It has been found that the people are made to run from one department to the other for no reason and several objections are raised in every procedure which in turn gives rise to corruption,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11369909", "title": "Cyber City land row: SC stays HC order", "text": "GURGAON: In an interim relief to a major realtor and several corporate houses, the Supreme Court on Tuesday stayed the Punjab and Haryana high court order to demolish the structures at its upcoming Cyber City project in Gurgaon and return around 20 acres of prime property to Nathupur village.DLF, which purchased 19.5 acres land from the Haryana government in 2006 to develop Rs 7,500-crore project, was asked by the high court in October last year to demolish structures on the land and return it to the villagers. The 19.5-acre patch is crucial to the grand Cyber City coming up over a sprawling 100-acre land.The bench, headed by justice D K Jain, also admitted the DLF's appeal against the high court order that had come down heavily on the state government for fraudulently acquiring land for the private developer's project. The 19.5 acre land belonging to Nathupur panchayat was acquired by the state government in the name of infrastructure development and a compensation of Rs 3.91 crore was paid to the panchayat in 2006. However, instead of utilizing it for the purpose it was acquired, the government had sold it to DLF Universal Ltd at a higher price.However, when villagers under the leadership of Meer Singh, an ex-IAF sergeant, discovered the breach in early 2010, they took the matter to the high court. The high court in its October order had said, \"Most part of the said land was being used as a gair mumkin nullah (water course) and a part thereof as gair mumkin rasta for the benefit of the inhabitants, as is evident from the jamabandi for the year 1995-96.\"The order further mentioned, \"It has been alleged that M/s DLF approached the gram panchayat and offered to exchange their land with the aforementioned land. The market value of the land offered by the DLF was low as also the same was of no use for the inhabitants of the village. When the panchayat refused to exchange their land, a novel method was devised by DLF. It approached the government authorities for acquisition of the land in question. As a result of their connivance, on 3.1.2003 a notification under Section 4 of the Act was issued proposing to acquire a total land measuring 19 acres 4 Kanals and 5 Marlas for public purpose, namely, for setting up Cyber City at Nathupur village...\" Later in December 2010 DLF had moved the Supreme Court seeking a stay on the high court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11371091", "title": "A software that speaks their language", "text": "BANGALORE: For the visually-impaired students of Bangalore University, lessons will become a tad easier as soon thanks to Shreedhar TS. The 23-year-old visually impaired lad from Karnataka has come up with an innovative idea which will benefit visually-impaired students whose mother tongue is Kannada.Shreedhar, a second year degree student of Karnataka State Open University has incorporated Kannada script in 'Text to Speech' software, used by the visually-impaired.The outcome: they can now convert their lessons from English to Kannada without any hassle.\"Text to Speech is a software that converts the text on computer into voice. Although the software was available since the past two decades, visually-impaired students with Kannada as their mother tongue had many limitations as the language was not a part of the software. We had only Hindi and Tamil incorporated, as far as Indian languages are concerned,\" said Shreedhar.Shreedhar came up with the idea after he himself faced difficulty. \"It was the need of the hour. It has and will benefit many visually impaired. I know people who have started writing blogs after they used the revised software. I am happy that the software will now be used at the Louie Braille Centre coming up at the Central College campus,\" he said.Vice Chancellor N Prabhu Dev announced that the software will be used at the new centre for visually impaired that will come up at the Central College Campus in next one month.But Shreedhar also feels that a lot more advancement is needed to make the lives of the visually impaired more comfortable. \"The Optical Character Recognition Software is a vital technology that is not yet available in India. I am also working on mobile phone software that will act as Kannada reader for android phones and phones that support software,\" said Shreedhar.203rd birth anniversary of Louie BrailleIt is the magic of six dots and six bumps that has transformed the world of blinds into a better one. What are they? A jumble of words, numbers, alphabets or a revolutionary script? Braille has transfigured the world of thousands of visually challenged to a great extent. Celebrating the contribution of the great soul, the National Federation of the Blind observed the 203{+r}{+d} birth anniversary of Louie Braille on Wednesday at the Central College Campus.The event was marked by the recognition of visually impaired students across Karnataka, who scored more than 80 % in SSLC and PUC examinations. The federation also announced its national scholarship for Karnataka. The scholarship is provided to most needed and meritorious visually challenged students of graduation and post graduation across the country.In light of a judgment passed by the high court, the federation also pronounced that all visually impaired persons with more than 75 % disability will now be eligible for regular BEd courses, unlike till the last academic session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11370789", "title": "UGC grants \u2018excellence\u2019 tag to BHU", "text": "VARANASI: The Banaras Hindu University (BHU) got the status of 'University with Potential for Excellence (UPE)' from the University Grants Commission (UGC).According to the university spokesperson, a communication by UGC to the BHU vice chancellor has conveyed the sanction of Universities with Potential for Excellence (UPE). A total of 31 universities had sent their proposals for this purpose. The standing committee of UGC shortlisted 10 universities, out of which six got the UPE status. Under this proposal, BHU will get a grant of Rs 50 crore for five years. Vice chancellor Lalji Singh and his team had visited Delhi and presented the proposal before the standing committee of UGC on December 7, 2011.The revised proposal focused on two areas -advanced functional materials (Rs 7.5 crore) and Genomics and Proteomics (Characterisation of risk factors/diagnostic markers in multifactorial/infectious diseases and genomics of abiotic stress tolerance Rs 7.5 crore). The university will also get Rs 12 crore to establish stem cell, bone marrow transplant facility at its Sir Sunder Lal Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11369812", "title": "TCS to soon start work on 40-acre Rajarhat plot", "text": "KOLKATA: The New Year seems to have begun with a bunch of goodies for the Bengal government, especially the IT department. A day after rubbing shoulders with Bhaskar Pramanik of Microsoft India and hotmail co-founder Sabeer Bhatia , IT minister Partha Chatterjee had a meeting with Tata Consultancy Services' managing director and chief executive officer N Chandrasekaran on Wednesday.The company, engaged in IT services, business solutions and outsourcing, is planning to start construction work in its Rajarhat plot soon, he said. \"The company will generate 16,000 employment in the state once they start operation at the Rajarhat site. We have ensured them that we will provide them every facility needed to start its operations,\" the minister told reporters after a half an hour meeting with the company officials.TCS already employs around 15,000 people in the city across eight offices.Chandrasekaran was accompanied by Ajoyendra Mukherjee, executive vice-president and global head, human resource development of the company. Asked when the construction work will begin and how much investment it will entail, Mukherjee bypassed those questions, saying: \"Today's visit was a courtesy call.\"TOI has learnt that the construction work for the biggest project of the company in the city will start soon. \"The first phase is likely to entail an investment of Rs 500 crore and when completed, over the years the total investment could be in the range of Rs 1,000 crore,\" Swarup Roy, state IT promotion cell head, told TOI.TCS purchased the 40-acre plot in Rajarhat for Rs 1.5 crore per acre in December 2008. Land was handed over to the company in 2009. But the expansion project of the company got stuck due to delay in project plan sanction by Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (HIDCO). It finally got the go ahead in July, 2011.The minister said he was looking forward to creation of more high-end IT jobs in the state. \"We have requested TCS, if they can extend their research and development facility in the state as well,\" he said. Chatterjee has also sought the company's opinion regarding extending operations in the districts of Bengal. \"They told me commuting for foreigners will be difficult. But I told them that we (Trinamool Congress-run government) will look into such hurdles and solve it,\" he said.Talking about the IT incubation centres in the state, Chatterjee said the department has got 5 acres at Joypur block of Purulia for setting up one such centre.The minister added that it is likely that by the end of the current week, HIDCO will handover 50-acres to Wipro Technologies for its second campus in Rajarhat. \"We hope by January 7 we will be able to handover the land to the Wipro officials,\" the minister said. Incidentally, Infosys Technologies was handed over its 50-acres in Rajarhat towards the end of 2011 for Rs 75 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11371159", "title": "HC notice to GMADA, Centre on tree cutting", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acting on a petition seeking stay on cutting of a large number of trees for the widening of the road from Mullanpur-UT boundary till the T-junction of Kurali-Siswan road, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday issued a notice to the Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) and Union ministry of forest asking them to respond to the contentions raised in the petition. The high court has also issued a notice to the DFO, Mohali and Omaxe Infrastructure and Construction Ltd that has been assigned the road widening project.The matter reached before the high court through a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by one Jeet Bhumbla.The petitioner has sought directions to quash the sanction letter given by GMADA issued on November 23 last year whereby permission has been granted to cut 1,827 trees and 664 young plants on both sides of the road, besides 560 poles for the purpose of widening of the road from Mullanpur-UT boundary upto the T-junction of the Kurali-Siswan road. It was submitted that the said sanction is illegal and contrary to the forest laws because felling of 1,100 trees on one side of the road is avoidable. Till now 50 trees have been cut.The PIL further informed that GMADA had awarded a contract worth Rs 70.4 crore to Omaxe Infrastructure and Construction Ltd for widening the road of the said stretch of the highway. The total length of the stretch is 8km with a proposed width of 200 feet, while three bridges on the said road are also planned. The case would come up for further hearing on February 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-05"}
