{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431530", "title": "Parents left high &amp; dry", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Certain parents, who had applied for their wards' admission in just one convent school, were left disappointed on Monday when the lucky draws for the seats were conducted. Shamita Jain from Panchkula was pinning her hopes on her son making it to St John's High School in Sector 26. But when that did not happen, she was left with little idea of what to do next. \"I think I will try in some other schools, which are still open for admission and if nothing happens, I will send my son to some outstation school.\"\"In no way am I going to put my son in a government school. If he does not get admission in St Anne's or Bhavan Vidyalaya, I will put him in Lawrence School, Kasauli, or Bishop Cotton School in Shimla, as they are close and rated very good,\" said Rajeshwar Sharma, whose son is aged 5. Another dejected parent, Kavita Rathore, said, \"Sacred Heart was my first preference. I really feel sad as my daughter was not selected there. She made it to Hansraj Public School in Panchkula and I was really hopeful that she would be admitted to Sacred Heart.\"Pinky Kataria was yet another parent who had to go empty-handed from St John's as her son was not selected. Even she had not applied for any other school in Chandigarh.Amardeep Sharma also left Sacred Heart with disappointment. \"The number of seats in general category, after deducting subcategories like sibling, etc, was very low. Every school is doing that and therefore my hopes are not too high from other schools either. So I will put her in some play school and later shift to some good school.\"Kushal Saini, who had applied in Carmel Convent and Sacred Heart, said, \"I was prepared for this as I knew the numbers of seats was very less. But at Carmel, it was worse as they held the draw for just 25 seats. My wife will be disappointed when she learns my daughter Ekta has not been selected in any of the schools. I think I will try for some schools in Ludhiana now as my parents stay there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11438029", "title": "How Facebook, Twitter are helping media organisations", "text": "BANGALORE: It's many years since the internet became the major medium of content sharing and discovery. The latest trend though is the integration of websites and social networks leading to the blurring of the divide between the two. Thus, while on one hand information on websites are getting newer areas of visibility, on the other we have more sources of discovering news.There was a clear divide between websites like those of media organisations that are information-rich, and social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter that were considered casual, trivial and gossipy. There was a time when people avoided Facebook and Twitter saying it's a waste of time being on them.Now, all major news organisations have a Facebook page and Twitter feed. If you follow tweets of news organisations, you get the breaking news on your Twitter home page. Also, you get to see what your Twitter friends are reading. On the FB page of the news organisation, click on 'Like' to get the feeds on your FB wall. You also get to see news links shared by your news junkies. Ensure you follow the feeds of the genuine site. There are many fake Twitter accounts and FB pages.Besides Facebook and Twitter, you have feed aggregators like Google Reader. After logging in to Gmail , go to Reader, click on Subscribe and paste the URL of the website to subscribe to the feeds. Whenever new content is added to the website, the link appears on Google Reader. Thus, you never miss an item on the website. The link can be shared, emailed or posted to blog.News websites also give you the option of logging in with your Facebook or Twitter accounts, making sharing easy. For example, on TOI website, if you click on Recommend button on a news page, you can share that article on your Facebook wall, thus enabling your friends to find that news item. Similarly, if logged on to Google, by clicking on the +1 button you can share that item on Google+. Likewise, the item can be tweeted.Now social integration of websites is going beyond sharing , allowing users to see the reading pattern of their Facebook friends. Yahoo! News and Washington Post, display the list of items shared by your Facebook friends. The advantage of this integration is the premise that items read by your friends have a greater probability of being of interest to you as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433476", "title": "Rascals take Jodi Breakers to court", "text": "The producers of both projects are locked in a fight over the storyline of the Bipasha-Madhavan starrerAshwini Chaudhary's Bipasha Basu and Madhavan starrer Jodi Breakers has run into trouble. Vinay Choksi and Sanjay Ahluwalia, who recently produced Rascals, have filed a legal case in the High Court seeking injunction against the film.Choksi and Walia have alleged that Ashwini's storyline is similar to the story, which they had registered in the Writer's Association before Jodi Breakers went on floors. A close friend of Choksi told Mumbai Mirror, \"Choksi and Walia had a hunch that Jodi Breakers has the same plot as their story. After the promos came on national television, they were sure.\"Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Choksi and Walia tried to resolve the issue. \"But they got no reply from Prasar Visions Pvt Ltd, the producer of Jodi Breakers. Fed up with the production house, they approached the Court,\" said their friend.When contacted, director of Jodi Breakers, Ashwini Chaudhary confirmed the news and added, \"But our story is original.Aajkal ek trend ban gaya hai...accuse anybody and everybody soon after the promos come on air. We have had two hearings in the Court. The matter is under subjudice. The Court will resolve the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431505", "title": "UT tells MC to implement property tax", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With municipal polls over, the contentious issue of imposition of property tax on residential structures in city has cropped up again. UT administration has issued strict directions to municipal corporation on the issue. Earlier, in its monthly coordination meeting, UT had repeatedly told MC to implement the tax as not doing so could have an affect on financial grants provided by Union government to the civic body. However, MC did not follow the orders as polls were approaching and the step could have proved unpopular.A senior officer of the Chandigarh administration said, \"We have repeatedly told the civic body to implement property tax on residential structures, as it is required under guidelines of Union government. But it seems MC has a negative approach towards the issue. Therefore, we are going write to them again.\"The matter had come up for discussion in the MC house but councillors rejected it without discussion saying there was no need for imposition of any tax in the city.Sources said civic body was receiving funds amounting to crores of rupees from Centre, with their main provider being ministry of urban development.Recently, union government has given a grant of over Rs 100 crore to civic body for laying down pipes to get another 40 million gallons per day (MGD) water from Punjab-based Kajauli canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429906", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan, Asha Bhosle to be honoured", "text": "PUNE: Legends Asha Bhosle and Amitabh Bachchan will be felicitated with the Outstanding Contribution to Indian cinema awards at the inaugural ceremony of the 10th Pune International Film Festival on January 12.Renowned music composer Ilaiyaaraja will be honoured with the Sachin Dev Burman International Award for Creative Music, while well-known actor-filmmaker, Sachin Pilgaonkar will be felicitated for completing 50 years in the film industry. Around 240 films from over 40 countries will be screened at six venues across the city, between January 12 and 19.The film festival will be inaugurated by Sanjay Devtale, minister for cultural affairs, Government of Maharashtra at City Pride, Kothrud at 4.30 pm, in the presence of actor Rani Mukerji and Gudmundur Eiriksoon, ambassador of Iceland in India, as chief guests for the evening.Organised jointly by Pune Film Foundation and Government of Maharashtra, PIFF 2012 will open with a cultural programme, followed by the inaugural film from France, Angelo Cianci-directed 'Top Floor Left Wing.'Screenings will be held at City Pride (Kothrud), R-Deccan, City Pride Abhiruchi (Sinhagad Road), E-Square, Inox and National Film Archive of India (NFAI), Law College Road.Lined up on the sidelines are workshops, discussions and a talk in the memory of the late playwright, Vijay Tendulkar.\"Some of the discussions will be particularly about the Marathi film industry, like use of digital format for filmmaking and problems faced by filmmakers regarding marketing of their films. We will be inviting experts and other professionals from the film industry to come together and find solutions to these issues,\" said festival director, Jabbar Patel, at a press conference on Monday.An poster exhibition of films on stalwarts like Ashok Kumar , Dev Anand , Bhupen Hazarika, Shammi Kapoor , Mani Kaul, Naveen Nishchal, Sachin Bhowmick, Geeta Dey, M F Hussain, Pt Bhimsen Joshi, Sameer Chanda, Pandit Satyadev Dubey and Elizabeth Taylor , will be inaugurated at NFAI on January 13.\"Thirteen films from the NFAI's collection on these personalities will be screened during the festival,\" said NFAI director, Prashant Pathrabe.The world competition category comprises 14 films from Russia , Poland , Ireland , Spain, Iran , India, Germany, France, China, Bulgaria , Azerbaijan , Albania and Greece .Seven films will compete for the top prize in the Marathi competition category, while the students' competition category will feature short and animated films from film schools in India and across the world. Country focus on German cinema, Indian Cinema Today, Marathi Cinema Today, retrospectives and tributes are some of the other sections under which films will be screened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431151", "title": "Residents thrash trucker but he manages to flee", "text": "JAIPUR: Hundreds of angry residents demonstrated against the police by blocking the Niwaru Road in Jhotwara for almost an hour after two college girls standing on the roadside were hit by an overspeeding truck and crushed to death on Monday afternoon.The residents accused the police of not taking action against the heavy vehicles plying on the road, which are often involved in accidents, and thrashed the trucker. The injured driver was rushed to a private hospital from where he managed to escape. The cops have not been able to trace him yet.According to the police, the incident took place at Vedh Ji Ka Chouraha on Niwaru Raod around 3 pm.\"The two girls, Bharati Gupta and Radhika Gupta, aged 22 and 20 respectively, were standing on the roadside and chatting when they were hit by the truck,\" a police officer said. They were residents of Vivekanand Marg in Laxmi Nagar and were neighbours.The girls were pursuing M.Sc from Shree Karani College in Vaishali Nagar, the police said.While the police said that the girls had come to the place where mishap took place for buying grocery, the local residents said that they were on their way to buy grocery.One of the girls was sitting on a Scooty while the other was standing near her. \"A truck coming from Jhotwara rammed into the girls. It ran over them following which both the students died on the spot\"About 400 people gathered at the spot and raised shouting slogans against the police. A few residents caught the truck driver and started thrashing him. \"Before the police reached the spot, the driver was rushed to a private hospital in an ambulance. He has been untraceable since then,\" the officer said.The police, later, blocked the Niwaru Road saying that heavy vehicles plying on this road had been involved in several accidents in the area recently. The police said they had demanded construction of speed breakers to prevent such accidents, but nothing had been done in this regard. \"An FIR has been registered against the driver,\" the officer added.BOX : Man killed by JMC dumper in Amber KundJaipur: A Jaipur Municipal Corporation dumper ran over a 50-year-old man near Amber Kunda area in the city on Monday. The man died on the spot. According to the police, Surendra Motwani was a resident of Brahmpuri area. He was taking a walk near the Amber Kund when a dumper being used in JMC's sanitation work hit and ran over him. \"An FIR has been registered against the driver,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430944", "title": "11-year old girl sexually assaulted in Karanj", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An 11-year old girl was sexually assaulted by a 30-year old man near Gheekanta on Sunday evening. Alert citizens raised an alarm, forcing the man to flee. The girl's mother has filed a complaint with Karanj police.According to Karanj police officials, they received a complaint by Meena Rathod, a resident of Hiralal ni chali, Gheekanta. Her daughter Sapna (name changed), 11, got lured by their neighbour Sanjay Chauhan at 4.30 pm. Sanjay told Sapna that he can buy her kites for the approaching Uttarayan and he also has a huge stash kept at a shop.\"As per Sapna's statement, she was taken to the first floor of Ratnamani Market by Chauhan. He opened an empty shop and after giving her a couple of kites, started harassing her. Feeling uncomfortable, she first asked him to leave her, but when he became persistent she started shouting for help. Hearing her cries, shopkeepers on the ground floor rushed to the scene. Seeing them approach, Chauhan fled the spot,\" said a Karanj police official.Officials said that it might be a case of attempt to rape. Officials have started search for Chauhan who is absconding at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11432594", "title": "Chilly weather back with bang", "text": "KANPUR: Cold weather conditions were back in the city on Monday with overcast sky and chilly winds. The maximum temperature took a sudden dip, leaving people shivering.The maximum temperature dipped to 14 degrees Celsius, eight degrees below normal and 4.6 degrees less than that of Sunday. The cold winds and foggy conditions in the morning affected the rail, road and air traffic. The night temperature continued to maintain an upward trend. The minimum temperature stood at 10.4 degrees, four degrees above normal.Weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology said that there is likely to be no change in prevailing weather conditions on Tuesday. The minimum temperature may go down.The change in the weather has been caused by a circulation over east UP. The circulation is getting moisture from the Arabian Sea, resulting in showers in some parts of the state in past few days.Overcast conditions are likely to continue, with possibilities of fog in the morning and night. Light showers may occur. The circulation may last for two days, weather scientist Anirudh Dubey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "11431473", "title": "3 injured in gunfight at Fatehabad", "text": "FATEHABAD: Three persons suffered injuries in an exchange of gunshots after a clash between two rival groups near Dehman village late on Sunday night. The victims identified as Jagdish, Pradeep Kumar and Rajesh, were admitted to the Civil hospital. Cops said an enmity between Pradeep's and Billu Singh's groups, caused the incident.Preliminary investigation revealed that this happened when the three victims were on the way to a poultry farm. Billu Singh and his group blocked their way and attacked them with iron rods and other weapons, cops said. Then, Billu Singh and his friend Anil Kumar opened fire on Jagdish's group, which too engaged in the exchange of gunshots.Jagdish Kumar was hit on the shoulder and his hand. When Pradeep Kumar and Rajesh rushed to his recue, they too were fired upon by miscreants, who escaped. A case was registered at Fatehabad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11434097", "title": "Sand dunes &amp; malls grab students' fancy", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students and teachers of Kundan Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, have fallen in love with Dubai. Back from the famous Dubai Shopping Festival, the 32 students from Classes VIII to XI and four teachers who accompanied them cannot stop raving about the wonders they saw in the desert city on their five-day trip. From Burj Al Arab to Jumeria Beach, Dubai museum, Gold Souk, Great Atlantis and Meena Bazaar, the kids spanned the length and breadth of the city and picked up many souvenirs.Other highlights of the trip were a desert safari where the students had an adventurous ride through the golden sand dunes and then enjoyed belly dance. They also visited Ski Dubai, the world's largest ice park and the Wild Wadi Park.Pallavi Madhak, a resident of Dandi Swami Road, said she was floored by the Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest building. \"In the museum we caught a glimpse of the lifestyle of people in ancient times. It was very informative,'' she added.Field Ganj-resident Sukriti Beri said a fountain show outside Dubai Mall and Burj Khalifa were awesome as was the shopping experience. \"The fun we had at the water park with different slides was unlike anything we have experienced before. The mall was so big that it had over 1,200 shops and took almost six hours for a trip around,'' said Sukriti. Having recently returned from Dubai, Simranjeet Singh of Dugri said the trip was like a visit to heaven. \"I was surprised to see the punctuality and discipline of people. I bought an iPhone and iPad for my family as it was much cheaper than it is in India,'' he said.Param Sidak of Green Field bought an LED screen for his home from the shopping festival and also picked up some baked items but he wanted to buy more. \"Unfortunately the airlines had a strict weight limit so I had to restrain myself,'' he said.Sugam Singla of Bharatnagar Chowk-resident said it was his first experience of travelling outside the country. \"I felt people in Dubai were very helpful because I forgot my passport at a counter and even though there was a lot of chaos, one person found me and gave me back my passport,'' said Sugam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11432518", "title": "Keep Sangam clean, urges social activist", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For preserving the environment, people residing in the Magh Mela are being urged to use eco-friendly products and desist from using polythene.Social activist and moustache dancer Rajendra Tiwari 'Dukanji' is distributing pamphlets among pilgrims and kalpwasis asking them to keep the Sangam area free. He has also urged people using flowers, garlands and other materials to make use of the garbage bins and pits that have been dug up at the Mela area.Dukanji has also appealed to the small traders in the Mela area to use bags made of cloth and paper.He has also appealed to the candidates participating in the UP assembly poll that they should not make their banners and posters of polythene. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431121", "title": "SC asks how info on metro pillar design leaked", "text": "NEW DELHI: The apex court asked DMRC how information on the structural drawings and design of metro corridor pillars was leaked and posted on the website when it was claiming that such information cannot be disclosed under the RTI law. \"Has any effort been made to find out how it was leaked and put on the website. You can find out,\" said the SC bench while staying the HC order which had asked DMRC to make public information on the July 2009 collapse of a metro corridor pillar at Zamrudpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11437985", "title": "Imran to work on his birthday", "text": "Imran Khan prefers working on his birthdaysHrithik celebrated his birthday on 10th Jan, Tuesday working. We hear he has begun shooting for Krissh sequel. The actor however plans to throw a party soon.Imran told TOI.com, \"I've been working on my previous three birthdays and I will be doing the same this year. I will be doing promotional activities for my forthcoming film Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu.\"The actor has a huge gift in store for himself. Imran will be an owner of a lovely scarlet Ferrari which has been tailor made to suit his preferences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11436568", "title": "SRK praises 'Kay Yahi Sach Hai'", "text": "It's time for celebrations for ex-cop YP Singh whose film \"\"Kya Yahi Sach Hai\"\" is garnering a lot of praise from all quarters.The latest one to shower praise on the cop-turned-writer-cum film maker is none other than king khan Shah Rukh Khan . Shah Rukh was very impressed with the film and also wrote on his social networking site, \"\" Saw a raw and gritty film...'kya yehi sach hai.' Its nice that independent film makers r getting a voice to make a difference. Well done!\"\"YP along with wife Abha Singh who's currently heading the Mumbai postal department are proud of their achievement and were also featured in an issue of a popular magazine.\"Kya Yahi Sach Hai\"\" is based on a book written by YP Singh after he quit the police force. YP got disillusioned with the rampant corruption within the force and also the partiality meted out towards officers and jawans. Later the book was adapted into the film which also stars YP's wife Abha and brother-in-law Rajeshwar Singh, who himself is a cop, in leading roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429604", "title": "HC rejects bail plea of accused in hidden gold case", "text": "NAGPUR: A man who claimed to be falsely implicated in a case of duping another man, under the pretext of selling hidden gold treasure, had moved the judiciary for an anticipatory bail. However, a division single-judge bench comprising justice MN Gilani at Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court declined his application.As per the petition, Washim-resident Nilesh Rathod called on Sukhdev Patil telling him that he had found a hidden treasure having 4-5 kgs of gold and wanted to sell it off at throwaway prices. Patil apparently fell into trap and agreed to his demands. The deal was finalized at Rs 9 lakh, which was to be exchanged at Chikhalgad Shivar on January 1. When Patil reached there, he was looted by a gang of five to six persons who also snatched his gold chain worth Rs1 lakh. He subsequently lodged a complaint with Asegaon police station in Washim against Nilesh and Ravi Rathod along with unknown persons under Section 420 and 395 of IPC.The cops later picked the petitioner Vithal Pawar and seized ornaments including a gold chain and a motorcycle. He however claimed that he was falsely implicated in the case as his name did not figure in the original FIR. He stated that the seized gold chain was purchased by him three months back. He also argued that he was only person arrested in the case whereas the main accused, mentioned in FIR, were still at large. Pawar later filed a bail application in Washim sessions court. The court rejected his application stating that the seized chain was a part of loot. Moreover, his other accomplices were still untraceable and hence he was required for the investigations. Even HC rejected his plea, confirming the sessions court's observations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11432687", "title": "Death at UHM: Wardboy suspended, showcause notices to doctors soon", "text": "KANPUR: The wardboy had been suspended on charges of negligence on Monday regarding the death of a patient at Ursula Horsman Hospital on Sunday. Notices will also be issued to the emergency medical officer and the doctor on duty at the time of the incident.The kin of the deceased alleged that the person who placed the vigo, leading to rupture of nerve of the patient was not a wardboy but a sweeper. They said that patient died due to the carelessness of the doctors.Reena died in UHM hospital on Sunday. She was admitted with 80 per cent burn injuries which she received while cooking.\"The man who was placing the vigo into Reena's body was not a wardboy but a sweeper, who was seen cleaning the floor. The carelessness of the hospital authorities should not be ignored and precious lives of patients cannot be put at stake,\" said Bhagwat Das, Reena's brother.He added that the emergency medical officer (EMO) or some other doctor on duty should place the vigo in such a critical case.But the hospital authorities denied that the man who placed the vigo was a sweeper.\"The EMO or the doctor in-charge in the ward should place the vigo in such a critical case. But the allegations that Raju (the wardboy who placed the vigo was a sweeper. We have suspended the wardboy and showcase notices will be issued to the EMO and the doctor-incharge on duty,\" Dr AK Nigam, chief medical superintendent of UHM, Dr AK Nigam said.A team of three doctors, headed by Dr Shailendra Tiwari, had been constituted to probe into the matter.The post-mortem report pointed out that the woman died due to rupture of nerve. Dr Nigam said that rupturing of nerve is a common case in serious burn injuries. Death occurs 10 to 15 hours after the rupturing of nerve. \"But the immediate death points out that the reason was different,\" Dr Nigam added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430433", "title": "Minor slum fire in Malad", "text": "MUMBAI: A minor fire broke out in a slum at Link Road, Malad (W), around 6:20 pm on Monday and was put out by the fire brigade.The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained. tnn No casualties were reported. Three fire engines and two jumbo tankers were sent to the spot to douse the fire. The reason for the fire is yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429714", "title": "Firing over land dispute, 1 hurt, 2 vans torched", "text": "PATNA: Ashutosh Kumar Singh, brother in-law (dewar) of a ward councillor of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC), Prabha Devi, sustained bullet injury at SNS Market near Rajapur Pul under SK Puri police station when some persons opened fire at him on Monday morning. Irate Singh supporters set ablaze two vehicles of the attackers. Land dispute is said to be the reason behind the attack, said City SP Kim.Akhilesh Singh, cousin of Ashutosh, said that Prabha Devi had given a plot of land to a builder for building a mall at SNS Market. He said that she along with Ashutosh had gone to the spot at around 9.45am to ask the shopkeepers to vacate the plot.Meanwhile, he said, Girish Singh, Guddu Singh, Pradeep Singh and Viru reached there on two four-wheelers and demanded Rs 50 lakh from Prabha Devi, threatening her that they would not allow building a mall if she did not pay up. Heated exchanges between them led to a scuffle and two of Girish's supporters opened fire, resulting in bullet injury to Ashutosh as he tried to save the ward councillor.Akhilesh said that one Anand Kumar, a member of Quick Mobile team of SK Puri police, other people and he himself chased Girish and his supporters, but they managed to escape. On getting information, City SP Kim reached the spot. A number of cops were deployed in the locality to control the volatile situation.Irate supporters of the ward councillor torched the two vehicles on which Girish and his supporters had come. The vehicles were badly damaged before a fire tender extinguished the fire.Injured Ashutosh has been admitted to a private hospital in Kankarbagh, where his condition is said to be stable.City SP Kim said a named FIR against four persons had been lodged in this connection. The torched vehicles belonged to Girish Singh, she stated, adding that Girish was earlier a neighbour of the ward councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431572", "title": "Soon: Lawyers can check case status on cell", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The advocates of Punjab and Haryana high court are all set to see minute-to-minute status of their cases, listed before different benches during the court timings, on their smart phones. The high court administration has approved the proposal of the high court bar for starting the facility of online uploading of case scheduling for the lawyers on the official website in real time.As of now, the lawyers can see the status only on screens displayed on various locations on HC premises. The bar association had asked the high court administration to upload the minute-to-minute status of cases of the day on the high court website.Talking to TOI, the Punjab and Haryana high court bar association president K S Dhaliwal said they had written to the high court authorities for starting the facility so that the lawyers sitting anywhere on the high court premises can remain alert about the status of their case listed before the different judges. Dhaliwal further informed that recently Justice Hemant Gupta, who is head of computerization projects of the high court has promised him for making the facility operative very soon.High court bar secretary Jagmohan Singh Ghumman said the said facility is not only in the larger interest of the lawyers, but for judicial system as well.\"Nowadays, a large number of high court lawyers use smart phones and with this facility, they would get to know about exact time of hearing of their case in different courts. New facility would minimize the chances of unnecessary adjournments of the case,\" Ghumman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430966", "title": "Discoms to pay Rs 500 daily for poor service", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon, power discoms will have to shell out Rs 500 per day for inefficient service. The Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) has listed services in the draft of Delhi Electricity Supply Code and Performance Standard Regulations, 2010, under which consumers can penalize discoms if they do not complete tasks within the stipulated time frame. The new regulations will be notified within a month after a public hearing.At the public hearing for tariff determination last year, many suggestions had been made to make discoms accountable, some of which have been incorporated in the new draft proposal. \"There was a lot of dissatisfaction among consumers due to delays in getting new connections, meter-testing or charges for power theft. According to the set procedures, discoms will now be penalized. We will make efforts to reduce consumer harassment. Accordingly, we have revised the provisions and brought in more clarity and transparency in the system,\" said P D Sudhakar, chairperson of DERC.The penalties range from Rs 10 to Rs 500 per day depending on the default and nature of the problem. These will have to be adjusted against consumer's bills but not later than 90 days from the date of violation of a guaranteed standard.In case of new connections, discoms have to provide the connections within 30 days of receipt of application or pay Rs 10 per Rs 1,000 of the demand charges deposited by the consumer for each day of default.However, there are some glitches in the system. DERC clarified that while non-compliance of the regulations will be considered a violation, discoms cannot be penalized and will not be liable to pay any compensation to any consumer if any such violation is caused due to state or central transmission utility failure or a fault in the transmission licencee's network or on account of instructions given by the state load dispatch centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430404", "title": "Cong-NCP stalemate still on despite Pawar's ultimatum", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after NCP president and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's ultimatum and Congress high command's advice to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, the two parties have failed to arrive at a seat-sharing agreement for the February 16 civic elections.While Congress leaders want an alliance with the NCP to break the Shiv Sena's hold on the BMC, they refuse to bow down to the NCP's \"unrealistic demands\", say political observers. \"We are keen on a tie up with the NCP, and will resume talks with senior leaders on Tuesday. We are sure to arrive at a consensus on the sharing of seats. In our opinion, the outcome of the 2007 elections should be on the basis of negotiations,\" said the chief minister after a meeting with senior Congress leaders at Tilak Bhavan.Pawar on Sunday had said that if the Congress was keen on an alliance with the NCP, it should take a decision within 24 hours, and even threatened to contest the elections independently. Though Chavan did not responsd to Pawar's ultimatum, he did turn to the Congress high command for advice. According to reports, the CM was asked to ensure that the party reaches an agreement with the NCP mainly to dislodge the saffron combine from the BMC.Public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal said: \"The BMC is the lifeline of the Shiv Sena . If we succeed in dislodging it from the BMC, it will have large-scale ramifications across the state. We must take steps to defeat the saffron combine.\"According to former Mumbai Congress president Gurudas Kamat , the party should not succumb to NCP's demands. \"It is not possible to accept the NCP's demand for 65 seats,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430212", "title": "14 yrs on, firm told to pay up for refusing mediclaim", "text": "MUMBAI: After a 14-year-old legal battle, the Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ordered an insurance company to reimburse a chartered accountant, who underwent an open-heart surgery in 1997 but was refused his insurance claim for \"breach of utmost good faith by suppressing (a) previous ailment\".The New India Assurance Co Ltd will have to pay south Mumbai-based Anil Jindal Rs 3 lakh, which includes the insurance amount of Rs 2.67 lakh plus Rs 32,353 for causing inconvenience and torture. Jindal will also get 9% interest on the amount from December 1998, the date of filing of the complaint, till its realization, which comes to about Rs 3.5 lakh. A sum of Rs 10,000 will also be given as costs.The commission said it was for the insurance company to justify its repudiation of the claim, which they failed to do in this case. So, rejection of the insurance claim was to be held as arbitrary.Jindal had taken a mediclaim policy for himself and his family. The insurance cover for him was Rs 3 lakh. In March 1997, he had a throat infection and visited a doctor. The doctor referred him to a cardiologist, who found that Jindal had a problem with his aortic valve and advised surgery at the earliest.Jindal consulted a cardio surgeon and underwent necessary tests, including an angiogram. Jindal told the doctor that he had a history of breathlessness while climbing a railway bridge for about one and a half to two to years before the detection of the heart problem in March1997.He then underwent an open-heart surgery. Jindal alleged that while issuing the discharge certificate, his case history read as \"history of shortness of breath on exertion especially (while) climbing a bridge since 1\u00bd to 2 years\" and it also simultaneously mentioned that \"history as having some valvular problem by a general practitioner about two years ago\".While Jindal did not dispute the first part of the history stated in the certificate, he alleged that the portion that mentioned him as having some valvular problem was wrongly recorded.The insurance company obtained the opinion of its panel doctor and, after referring to the case history noted on the discharge card, repudiated Jindal's claim on grounds of breach of utmost good faith. Jindal urged the firm to reconsider his claim, but it stuck to its decision after the doctor reconfirmed the earlier opinion. Jindal then filed a complaint.Holding the firm guilty of deficiency of service, the commission observed that the reply of the company'spanel doctor was not filed. It further said there was no material on record to show that the insurance firm verified the disputed information recorded in the case history. \"So, unless the authenticity of the information recorded in the case history, particularly the disputed portion, is established, the said opinion of the panel doctor is of no value.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430317", "title": "'Cold-shouldered' producer withdraws Telangana film", "text": "HYDERABAD: A young filmmaker with an MBA under his belt who has made a film on Telangana has raised a banner of revolt against the AP Film Chamber of Commerce and the Telangana Film Chamber of Commerce for not facilitating a proper release of his film. The 33-year-old producer, director and actor, Syed Rafi withdrew his film 'Inkennallu' from a handful of theatres that were allotted to him and is now on the warpath garnering support from political parties for his cause.On Monday, CPI's Narayana launched an attack against the mandarins of the Telugu film industry alleging that it was being controlled by a few individuals. He said Rafi's 'Inkennallu' was denied proper theatres for its release. \"I am also trying to meet cinematography minister D K Aruna and leaders of other political parties to expose the film chamber,\" Rafi told TOI on Monday.Unlike the two earlier films on Telangana released in 2011, Rafi's film, does not have any visuals of TRS leader K Chandrasekhar Rao. \"There is a deliberate attempt to kill my film, but I am not going to sit quiet and allow it to happen,\" Rafi said.The Telangana Film Chamber of Commerce had assured that it would facilitate the release of 'Inkennallu' but when five theatres were allotted towards the end of December last for the film, they were not movie halls which T supporters would have liked to go and watch. For instance, Rafi had asked for Aradana theatre at Tarnaka so that students could go and watch the movie but he did not get it.The worst part was even in the theatres allotted to him, he was given only two shows and another two shows were given to 'Poru Telangana'. This film made by R Narayanamurthy actually had been released in the past also. Rafi who spent nearly Rs one crore on the film decided to withdraw it from theatres as he felt it was a clear attempt to kill his movie.Incidentally, JAC leader Kodandaram makes an appearance in the movie consoling families of students who committed suicide for Telangana.\"I have raised an important question in the movie. It is not about getting Telangana. A separate geographical Telangana is not necessarily the solution. What point would it serve if after getting it, we don't get good leaders to rule it? One should first strive for the development of the region,\" he said. To make matters worse for him, Rafi said he did not get theatres even in district headquarters to screen his movie.In the next phase of his bid to get justice for his film, the filmmaker who hails from Karimnagar district intends to garner support of students and bring pressure on managements of theatres of his choice to facilitate screening of the film. While the fight against the film chamber will continue, he said he would also take recourse to legal action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/chennai", "code": "11431052", "title": "Pongal festivities: SC lets sealed T Nagar shops to open", "text": "NEW DELHI/CHENNAI: Supreme Court on Monday ordered the \"de-sealing\" of several shopping complexes in T Nagar for six weeks, allowing them to open during the Pongal season. It also asked the Madras high court to hear and dispose of the entire batch of cases relating to building violations by then.Besides directing Chennai civic authorities to remove the seals on the shops, a division bench of Justices Dalveer Bhandari and Dipak Misra faulted the first bench of the Madras high court for sending the matter back to a civic monitoring committee without passing any orders.Concurring with the submissions of senior counsel Altaf Ahamed and P Wilson, the bench said since many shops had benefited from the November 11 status quo order of the apex court and were spared the sealing drive, the others too should have been given similar relief . Noting that the HC ought to have passed an order instead of sending it to the committee , the judges said while one set of shopkeepers benefited from the apex court's status quo order, the other group, whose shops were sealed on October 31, should have been given similar benefit .When additional advocate-general of Tamil Nadu Guru Krishnakumar raised objections, counsel pointed out that the first bench had recorded the fact that during arguments in the HC, the state government did not oppose any proposal to re-open the 27 buildings. The judges observed that the government could not take a dual stand - one before the HC and another before the SC.The Chennai Corporation and the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority had sealed 27 buildings, housing establishments such as Saravana Stores and Rathna Stores, on October 31. The reason was that they blatantly violated building regulation codes, including on parking space and setback norms.Minor RespiteJan 9, 2012 |SC orders 'desealing' of shops in TNagar for a period of six weeks SC faulted the Madras high court for having chosen to remand the matter back to a civic monitoring committee without passing any ordersOct 31, 2011 |Chennai Corpn and the CMDA had sealed 27 buildings housing top business establishments on October 31Nov 11, 2011 |SC asked HC to decide on matter after giving enough opportunity to violators, rules status quo on further seals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431620", "title": "Temp to stabilize, cold to stay", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There will be no respite from the chill yet for city residents, with meteorological department predicting that the cold wave conditions will continue, as snow will melt in the upper reaches. However, the temperature would remain steady for the next two days, it added.A met official said, \"We expect that the temperature would remain constant for the next couple of days. On Thursday, some western disturbances are expected to sweep across the plains as well as the Tricity region, which would help lower the maximum temperature further. Although we may experience overcast skies around the weekend, there are no indications that we would get any more rainfall. However, that may change if there is another spell of snowfall in Himachal.\"City saw a mercury dip of 2.2 degrees celsius as maximum on Monday settled at 16 degrees C from 18.2 on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11437722", "title": "Constable opens fire on eatery owner over bill payment", "text": "NEW DELHI: A polite request to pay Rs 295 for food almost cost the owner of a roadside eatery his life in high-security Chanakyapuri area when an irate Punjab Police constable allegedly opened fire on him.Arjun Prasad Gupta, the 'dhaba' owner, escaped unhurt as the two bullets fired allegedly by Constable Amarjeet Singh did not find the target at the eatery near Arunachal Bhavan on Kautilya Marg at around 11 PM yesterday, police said.It all started when Singh along with his two friends came in an SUV to Gupta's eatery last night and ordered food. After having food, they were served a bill of Rs 295 when Singh allegedly told Gupta that men in uniform normally do not pay.\"Gupta requested them to give some money if not the full payment. Then Singh's associates paid Rs 200 to him. When Gupta was placing the money in his pocket, Singh allegedly tried to snatch the money from him.\"When he resisted, Singh and his friends allegedly beat him up. He also threatened him that he will open fire. Gupta told us that his employees ran away. Singh allegedly opened fire at him but luckily none of the bullets hit him,\" a senior police official said.Soon after this, the official said, Singh and his friends Rama Karan and Bhim Bahadur fled in their car. One of the person at the spot followed Singh and traced them to Taj Hotel on Sardar Patel Marg.Gupta informed police about the incident and a team rushed to the hotel from where the trio were arrested. Singh is the Personal Security Officer of a Ludhiana-based businessman.A case of attempt to murder has been registered against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11437912", "title": "Elderly woman found murdered in east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 78-year-old woman was today found murdered in her east Delhi apartment with police suspecting it as a robbery-cum-murder case.Sarojini Bartwal was found dead in her bedroom by her maid and neighbours at around 11 AM, a senior police official said.Sarojini, the wife of late B S Bartwal who was a chief sub-editor with Navbharat Times, lived alone in the house as her son Hemender Singh, working as a Political Advisor in the British High Commission, stayed separately at Indrapuram.One of her maids had come to the house but did not enter it as there were no response to ringing of the doorbells. The maid had noticed that the front door was open but thought that she might be taking a bath.\"The maid left for another house for work. Then after two hours, another maid came who entered the house and saw Sarojini lying in a pool of blood. She rushed out and informed neighbours who called police and her son,\" the official said.The bedroom was ransacked and police suspect it to be a case of robbery-cum-murder.\"The entry, however, appears to be friendly. Her son had told us that she was very security conscious and never opened doors to strangers,\" the official said.Her son said that there were not much jewellery in the house.A case of murder has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430303", "title": "Man injured in leopard attack", "text": "MUMBAI: A 30-year-old man was attacked by a leopard at Aarey Colony in Goregaon east on Monday.Officials said the victim sustained minor injuries in the incident. The man, whose identity was yet to be ascertained, was walking down a road in Unit 28 when the animal attacked him and fled. Police officials took him for a medical examination.The victim, said sources, was a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11429672", "title": "'Girls changed their mind at the last minute'", "text": "BANGALORE: Their pants were taken off first on Facebook but they didn't mind. When the idea of 'No pants on Metro' evolved, an event was posted on the social networking site. \"To our surprise, many joined,\" said an organizer Sourav Arya.Soon there were responses like \"hahha....For real? would love to see this pulled off !!(sic),\" said Monica Banswal, a fan on Wednesday. Very soon, the page caught the attention of more people.The introduction of the page reads - At the meeting point, participants will be organized into groups and assigned a specific train car. Do not talk to others once you enter the metro train. No one knows each other.'Underwear = boxer shorts', nothing too tight. Don't wear a thong or anything else that might offend people. Our aim is to make people laugh, not piss them off.\"The next day, a teaser was released on Facebook with photographs of the organisers in boxers taking a ride in BMTC buses, using an ATM machine and enjoying a casual stroll on a street. The teaser got more than 20 comments and it was liked by 45 more, one of them read : \"damn.. u seriously had the b**** to do it.. Good job dost ;).\"Soon, the page was filled with people showing active interest in taking their pants off. Soon, questions popped up: \"what about girls? boxer shorts too?? :-D (sic)\".On D-day, the first message went out to participants that the group of people had gathered at the Metro station and the rest is on Facebook.The organizers said many had pledged their willingness to shed the pants on Facebook but couldn't make it to the spot due to various reasons. \"Only a few could come. Girls who joined the group changed their minds at the last moment,\" said Saurav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11429855", "title": "BJP alleges distribution of election freebies", "text": "PANAJI: Keeping up its pressure on the office of the Goa chief electoral officer, the state BJP on Monday dashed off three complaints and urged the CEO to curb electoral malpractices in Goa.In its first complaint, the BJP alleged that the \"distribution of sewing machines, televisions, fridges and overhead water tanks is going on unchallenged, in order to lure poor voters\".The BJP also suggested remedies to curb this offence. It urged the CEO to advise all wholesale traders and stockists to keep a record of the above items in stock and those supplied to the retail traders.All three complaints have been signed by BJP vice-president Wilfred Mesquita and general secretary Narendra Sawaikar. Copies of the complaints have been forwarded to the chief election commissioner, New Delhi.In its second complaint, the BJP accused the Goa state commission for women of inviting Calangute Congress MLA Agnelo Fernandes to inaugurate a workshop after the model code of conduct came into force.The BJP also wrote about the enrolment of new voters and other genuine voters, whose names have been omitted by default, presently under way in mamlatdar offices all over Goa. The enrollment is due to end by January 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11435443", "title": "MP to launch new scheme for village panchayats' development", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government is all set to launch on Tuesday its ambitious \"Panch Parmeshwar Yojana\", a multi-purpose scheme, aiming for infrastructure development in more than 23,010 village panchayats across the state.Under the scheme, funds for various development schemes will be provided to the village panchayats concerned in lump sum so that the grass root level democratic institutions could initiate works in the wake of availability of funds. Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan will launch the scheme at a function to be held in the state capital on Tuesday. Panchayats , Rural Development and Social Justice Minister Gopal Bhargava will preside over the function.Throwing light on the scheme, an official spokesman said initiative has been taken to consolidate the funds being made available to Panchayats through an Integrated Action Plan for rural development.Now, the Gram Panchayats will get consolidated funds on the basis of population during financial year. Under the scheme, a consolidated fund of Rs. five lakh will be made available to Gram Panchayats with up to two thousand population, Rs. 8 lakh to Gram Panchayats with two thousand to five thousand population, Rs. 10 lakh to Gram Panchayats with five thousand to ten thousand population and Rs. 15 lakh to the Gram Panchayats with over ten thousand population.So far, funds under various schemes were made available to Panchayats in piece-meal manner. Panch Parmeshwar Yojna will help remove this lacuna and development works will gather momentum, the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11434754", "title": "Congress workers protest, court arrest", "text": "INDORE: Congressmen took to the streets in large numbers in the city and courted arrest during the opposition party's state-wide agitation against the BJP government's alleged failure on various fronts, including in checking corruption and for failure to ensure uninterrupted power supply in the rural areas.Leading the agitation in the city, leader of the opposition in the Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha Ajay Singh squarely targeted state commerce and industries minister Kailash Vijayvargiya, accusing him of responsible for deteriorating law and order situation in Indore, claiming that morale of anti-social elements in the city were high due to political patronage.\"Despite being industries minister, Vijayvargiya has failed to bring any major projects for Indore. Such a step could have generated more employment opportunities for the people in the region\", he alleged while addressing the Congress workers.Accusing the BJP ministers of being involved in corruption, the opposition leader alleged that supporters of Vijayvargiya have brought land close to super corridor where TCS and Infosys have planned to set up their units. He challenged the Industry Minister to fight elections from Mhow or from Churhat against him.Later Singh claimed that more than 19,000 party workers had courted arrest during the agitation but the district administration put the number of arrests at 2300.Earlier, the city Congress President Pramod Tandon and District Congress President Antar Singh Darbar criticized the BJP saying that the cause for backwardness of Indore is the State Government. He said that in last eight years, the BJP government has not paid any heed to the need of the people of Indore. Darbar alleged that in rural areas, especially Mhow and Depalpur constituency are being ignored owing to Congress dominated areas.On the occasion, Sarpanch (BJP) of Khurdi village Sitaram announced his joining in the Congress in the presence of Ajay Singh. Prominent leaders present on the occasion were former State Congress President Radhakishan Malviya, MLAs Ashwin Joshi and Satyanarayan Patel, State General Secretary and in-charge of Indore Govind Goyal, and former Youth Cong president Jitu Patwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429698", "title": "CM shows soft corner for agitating students", "text": "PATNA: Playing the role of a real guardian, CM Nitish Kumar came to the rescue of slogan shouting students and saved them from police action at Patna College ground here on Monday.As soon as the CM started his address at the 150th Foundation Day celebrations of Patna College, a group of All India Students' Association (AISA) members, reached very near the dais carrying banners and shouting slogans. The police immediately swung into action and started chasing them. But the CM immediately stopped the police from taking any action against the agitating students. \"Let them shout slogans and let the cameramen take their photographs. We have also reached our present positions through this means only. Colleges and universities are a sort of training centres,\" Nitish said.The CM, however, asked the AISA volunteers not to raise slogans here on January 20 when a special session of the legislative council would be held at Patna College seminar hall. It would be a historic occasion as the first session of the Council was held at this very college 100 years ago. \"I will also come here that day,\" Nitish said.He advised the students not to merely raise slogans, but also indulge in some constructive activities. They should invite some eminent personalities and intellectuals on the campus. \"We used to invite veteran parliamentarians under the banner of Study Circle and learn many things from their addresses. Politics must be linked with principle and philosophy,\" the CM said, and added \"You must also respect your teachers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon/ new delhi", "code": "11431760", "title": "Haryana govt asks Gurgaon BPOs to train and hire local students", "text": "GURGAON/ NEW DELHI: The Haryana government wants the BPO companies in Gurgaon to conduct campus interviews in state-owned colleges to motivate students to acquire skills that would help them get jobs in industries dealing with IT-enabled services (ITeS).Sources in the state education department said that the industry leaders can choose the college in the region from where they want to kick off this initiative. It has been some time since the state government has been discussing the possibility of designing the college syllabus in such a manner that it makes the state's youngsters more employable.While Gurgaon has emerged as the major BPO hub in north India, the manpower requirement is met from either Delhi or its adjoining cities. Confirming that the state government is thinking of incorporating subjects in college curriculum to meet the industry requirement, higher education secretary S S Prasad said that a high-level task force is looking into the suggestions made by the industry. Prasad was in Gurgaon to attend a workshop on Monday with the Nasscom representatives and top industry leaders.This was also attended by deans and senior faculty of about 25 colleges besides representatives from companies such as Cognizant , Fidelity, IBM , Genpact and WNS. The education secretary said that the task force under the chairmanship of the chief secretary is meeting on January 20 to give concrete shape to the proposals made by the BPO industry. \"The curriculum should be relevant to the industry. There is a need to fill the gap that exists between the industry and our education system,\" Prasad added.It was decided in the workshop that the industry and the academia would jointly organize faculty training workshops, summer internships, industry visits for faculty and students, focused grooming of select interested students to help achieve early results and organize job fairs and campus interviews.Subinder Khurana, chairman, Nasscom regional council, said that the focus is on improving infrastructure, expanding the industry footprint and increasing employment of local talent in the industry. Rakesh Kapoor, managing director of Summit Technologies, said that the education initiative is targeted at increasing the absorption of local talent in the IT/ BPO industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433522", "title": "I can never do a nude photoshoot: Rakhi Sawant", "text": "Chalo aap ke paise bacha diye,\" was Rakhi Sawant's parting shot as she left Kolkata for Mumbai on Friday evening .The controversy queen , who was in town to shoot an item song specially composed on her for Satabdi Roy's \"Om Shanti\", left on Friday evening for her \"Bigg Boss 5\" grand finale performance. Her room in the star hotel was booked for the day, but Rakhi says she chose to check out at 10 in the morning. Before we get to say 'bravo', Miss Motormouth is already on her own trip, adding to her own collection of quotable quotes that will go down in the history of entertainment...Are you happy that Juhi Parmar has won season 5 of \"Bigg Boss\" Main khush bhi hoon aur sad bhi. Juhi is a friend, I am happy that she won. Par main Mahek (Chahal) ke liye bahut zyada sad hoon. She was my favourite contestant.She was still the finalist, you can be a little less sad... I was very sad to see her getting engaged (to Danish Khan). It just happened on the sets and I was so shocked. Why does she want to get married now? Her career has got a fine start... Abhi toh career ban rahi thi! See, the programme gave her so much of hype. This is the time she should be working. This is her chance. She should forget about marriage. Shaadi toh phir bhi ho jati hai.Why don't you try telling her that? I have a soft corner for Mahek. I can tell her that. Just that I don't have her number.So, can we expect you in the next season of \"Bigg Boss\"? Dilli abhi dur hai. The format of the show is also fast changing. Jab show ka offer ayega, tab main sochungi karna hai ki nahin. Actually, lots of good projects are coming my way and it will depend on whether my producers allow me to take part in the show or not. Sab toh unke upar hi depend karega na...Given a chance, who all would you want to be locked up with in the \"Big Boss\" house? Well, I haven't thought about it. (thinks for a nanosecond) I want Salman Khan , Katrina Kaif , Deepika Padukone , Ranbir Kapoor , Sonakshi Sinha , Karan Johar , Rahul Gandhi , Annaji (Hazare), Baba Ramdev (Rakhi is not calling her swami anymore), Swami Agnivesh , Laluji (Prasad Yadav), Mamataji (Banerjee). As wildcard entries I want SRK and Ash. It would be called \"Maha Bigg Boss\" and will be the most expensive project so far.In Kolkata, you've never met CM Mamata Banerjee... Main kisi ko janti pehchanti nahin. Nahin toh main zaroor unse milti. I know she is working very hard for people in Bengal. Ek Mother Teresa thi joh garibon ke liye kam karti thi, aur ek Mamataji hai.Coming to item numbers, these days heroines are themselves featuring in these special song-and-dance videos... Aaj kal har heroine hi item girl ban na chahti hai. So, they are doing the Sheilas and Munnis of the world. Yes the songs are good, but there's also a profit factor involved. Ek item song ka shoot dhai ghante mein hota hai, aur ek full movie banane mein teen se char mahine lag jate hai. Ek item song karne ke liye heroines 5 crore leti hogi, itna toh unko purey movie se nahin milta hoga. The trend must have hurt you somewhat...Bura toh lagta hai. Bahut bura lagta hai. I think Salman should marry Katrina now.For what joy? Salman obviously won't allow her to do item songs after marriage, right? I can do them all (laughs out loud).Coming to one more thing close to your heart - how about doing another season of \"Swayamvar\"? Main no comments bolna chahoongi. Agar main na kehti hoon aur baad mein situation kuchh aisa hota hai ki main show kar rahi hoti hoon, phir achha nahin dikhega.Wouldn't you invite Baba Ramdev... er Swami Ramdev? I don't want to talk about him. I have had enough.Over the past many months, courting controversy has also been Veena Malik, who is all set to be part of the forthcoming season of \"Swayamvar\"... God bless her.She even posed nude for a mag... God has given me enough. I am also getting good work. I can never do a nude photoshoot. Haan, main kabhi kabaar expose karti hoon, par mera ek lakshmanrekha hai. Main usko kabhi cross nahin karti.You were in Kolkata to shoot for Satabdi Roy, who is an actor-turneddirector-turned-MP. Ever thought of joining politics? I was in Kolkata because of Satabdi Roy. She put me up in a seven-star hotel, gave me a good team of choreographer, cameraman, costume designer and even paid my Bombay money. I charge 15 lakh per item song. Kolkata mein bhi mujhe wohi mila. About joining politics, I haven't thought yet. Politicians bahut corrupt hote hai. Haan, agar kabhi Mamataji mujhe bulati hai toh main unki party zaroor join karoongi. Warna, dirty politics mujhe karna nahin hai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431547", "title": "Rain clears roads, tracks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Overnight rainfall in Tricity and neighbouring areas on Monday helped train and road traffic with minimal fog along journeys from various parts of Punjab as well as New Delhi to Chandigarh.However, smog on the Saharanpur rail stretch towards Ambala adversely affected schedules of trains from Lucknow and beyond. Railway officials stated that overnight rains had cleared up fog and train movement was near normalization.Chandigarh railway station superintendent Praveen Kumar said, \"All trains from New Delhi to Chandigarh, like New Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi Express, New Delhi-Kalka Himalayan Queen and New Delhi-Chandigarh Jan Shatabdi, were all delayed by 5-10 minutes. The delay is nominal at this time of the year and passengers were pleasantly surprised that they were not delayed at all.\" He said, \"The situation of trains from the eastern corridor, like Howrah-Kalka Mail and Lucknow-Chandigarh Express was not as encouraging as Howrah Mail was delayed by around 11-and-a-half hours, while Lucknow-Chandigarh Express was late by an hour. The reason for this was heavy fog around along the Saharanpur rail track onwards to Ambala.\"Kumar added, \"Trains like Bandra-Kalka Mail and Kerala-Chandigarh Sampark Kranti were delayed by one and two hours, respectively. The only train from Punjab, Amritsar-Chandigarh Duronto Express, fared much better than last week as it reached the station exactly on schedule.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429718", "title": "HC lawyers abstain from work", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court lawyers on Monday abstained from their work in protest against near collapse of stamp reporting in the high court.Absence of stamp reporting results in undue delay in disposal of cases thereby causing harassment to both lawyers and litigants, the lawyers said. In view of the lawyers staying away from work, the court's functioning was greatly affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11432516", "title": "PIL filed against EC order on elephant statues", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A public interest litigation (PIL) was filed in the Allahabad High Court on Monday challenging the January 7 order of the Election Commission for covering all statues of BSP party symbol elephant in the state by January 11.The PIL makes party the CEC, principal secretary (home), UP, and others and would come up for hearing on Wednesday.The PIL has been filed by Dheeraj Pratap Singh. The petitioner has submitted through the PIL that under Article 25 of the Consititution, every person has been granted freedom to profess and practice the religion of his choice. P 5", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11432526", "title": "Congress activists demand cancellation of ticket", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Panic gripped Minto Road and adjoining areas under Civil Lines police station on Monday after a group of Congress activists created ruckus outside the residence of UPCC chief, Rita Bahuguna Joshi demanding the cancellation of party ticket to Dr Bhagwat Pandey from Karchana assembly segment. Dr Bhagwat Pandey has been declared party candidate from Karchhana assembly segment on Monday.The series of incidents started taking place when Congress leader Subodh Singh and his supporters came to know that party has declared Pandey as its candidate from Karchana assembly segment.Report said that Subodh Singh was seeking party ticket from the same assembly segment but he was denied the ticket.Upset over the party's move, Subodh along with his supporters reached at the UPCC chief's house and created ruckus. Later, th police chased away the agitators. tnn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430831", "title": "JNU poll process to start in a month", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students of Jawaharlal Nehru University have decided to restore the students' union election process within a month. The university general body meeting on Monday went in favour of the elections after accepting the terms and conditions set by the Supreme Court while vacating the stay on the elections as an interim measure on December 8, 2011.The student community passed the joint resolution of the National Students' Union of India, Students' Federation of India, All India Students' Association and the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad for restoring the JNU Students' Union and conducting the elections.\"NSUI, SFI, AISA and ABVP are in favour of conducting the election process as per the SC guidelines as an interim measure. This is necessary as we need students' representatives in the university. But the struggle against J M Lyngdoh's recommendations on students' union elections and our fight for restoration of JNUSU constitution will continue,\" said Iqbal Singh, secretary, JNU's NSUI unit.Students' representatives will approach the JNU administration with the meeting's mandate on Tuesday for conduct of the elections in the current semester itself.The last polls were held in October 2007 and two days before the 2008 elections, SC stayed the process, citing violations of Lyngdoh's recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11431181", "title": "Fodder banks in reserves to curb man-animal conflict", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a bid to reduce incidents of man-animal conflict, the forest department plans to develop green-fodder banks in key wildlife habitats across the state at a cost of Rs 20.87 crore.The state government has released Rs 3.45 crore for the purpose and work will soon begin in critical areas like Boluvampatti, Mettupalayam, and Sirumugai in Coimbatore district. Thondamuthur, Anaikatti, Kurudampalayam and Mangarai in Western Ghats will be included in the project in the next phase. The green-fodder banks may help end animals, mainly elephants, from straying into human habitats and agricultural fields.The fodder bank concept includes planting of trees and grass varieties that are consumed by wild animals. The idea was formulated after chief minister J Jayalalithaa , during a review meeting with forest department officials, suggested that steps be taken to ensure green fodder for animals in the forests, especially during summer, as an immediate measure to mitigate man-animal conflicts. A government order in this regard was released on December 14, 2011 by principal secretary to government C V Sankar. The GO permits the forest department to create fodder plantations to improve wildlife habitats for a five-year period commencing January.The forest department pays a large amount of money as compensation for damages caused to agricultural crops by wild animals, especially due to straying of elephants into fields. It also compensates for loss of lives and injuries caused by wild animals. By cultivating green fodder banks inside the reserve forest areas during summer months, the department hopes to prevent straying of animals into agricultural fields.The project would focus on cultivating grass and trees of indigenous species, which are favoured by elephants. \"There would be two kinds of plants and trees in the project; those which can meet immediate consumption needs and those which moderately grow but ensure a permanent fodder bank,'' said a senior official.The department is also building salt licks near water holes in the migratory corridor to supplement mineral requirements of elephants with the expectation that the jumbos will stay within the restricted migratory route and not stray into human habitations. Construction of check dams and percolation ponds will satisfy the thirst of animals in summer and also facilitate storage in water bodies, the official said.\"An adult elephant takes 240kg to 260kg of food every day. It spends at least 18 hours grazing. Over 70% of its food needs are available in the reserved forest. But these days elephants are changing their food habits and are entering into agricultural fields. The green banks would take into account their changed eating habits also. In Coimbatore, the green bank will come up in 100 hectares in reserved forests in Coimbatore, which are frequented by elephant herds,\" said V Thirunavukarasu, district forest officer, Coimbatore. The DFO pointed out that lantana, an exotic weed species, grows rapidly and extensively and prevent regeneration of other indigenous species. These weed species also obstruct the movement and existence of wild animals. These species have to be eradicated in order to encourage native bio-diversity of forest area and to build up green fodder bank,'' he said.The forest department plans to eradicate the weed which grows in forest reserves in Mettupalayam, Sirumugai and Boluvampatti. \"We have planned to cultivate bamboo plants, jackfruit trees and elephant grass. New check dam and ponds will be constructed inside the reserves to ensure water for animals. It will help elephant herds from straying out of the reserved forests,\" said Thirunavukarasu.S Guruvayurappan, south India coordinator, Wildlife Protection Society of India, said the initiative was commendable. \"It must be combined with other activities like digging trenches to resolve man-animal conflict. The challenge is to keep the plants inaccessible to the animals in the initial days till the fodder bank gets ready,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11432910", "title": "Man held for helping 'tainted' cop escape", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Puri district police on Monday arrested a person, who was part of a 200-strong mob that forcibly took away a police inspector from the custody of vigilance after he was caught taking bribe at Nimapada police station. The inspector Bimal Nayak is still on the run.The arrested man, Pusharanjan Mohanty, was earlier apprehended by police in connection with a murder case in 1996. \"While verifying his antecedent, we found he was arrested on charges of murder,\" Puri DSP (HRPC) Niranjan Patra said. However, police could not confirm whether or not Mohanty got clean chit in the murder case.On the other hand, police are trying to catch hundreds of people, who helped Nayak escape from vigilance custody. \"Our squads are conducting raids to catch the inspector as well as the others who helped him escape,\" Patra said.The mob on January 6 had forcibly taken away Nayak, who was trapped with the bribe amount of Rs 5000. The people also decamped with the graft. Police suspected the involvement of some local political touts in the \"hijack\" issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11433846", "title": "Get ready for winter theatre fest", "text": "MYSORE: It is showtime at Rangayana. The annual winter theatre festival is back at theatre repertory, which will present 24 plays. The eight-day fest will showcase 16 works of Jnanpith awardees, the Nobel for literature in India. The 10th edition of the annual fest will showcase a wide variety of works by tall figures in Indian literature in nine different languages, displaying the richness of India.The veritable spread will have film shows, folk mela and an exhibition. Ahead of the fest, India's only state-sponsored repertory is abuzz with activities. The works of eight writers who have got Jnanpith for Kannada will be presented at the mela of theatre starting January 14. In all, 24 troupes will participate in the festival. Language form the basis of literature and Bahuroopi-2012 is the celebration of the richness of Indian languages, said Rangayana director B V Rajaram on Monday.Started in 1989 on January 14, Rangayana began its journey of reviving theatre movement in Karnataka by hosting the annual theatre festival. The event is packaged as a complete family entertainer, Rajaram said. Apart from Kannada, works of celebrated writers in Hindi, Assamese, Odiya and Gujrati, who have won the coveted prize, will be presented. There will be two plays for children and two plays based on folk culture and a puppet show. The film festival will also celebrate the life and works of the Kannada Jnanpith awardees.The specialty of the event is that some of the best works by Kannada writers are coming to Karnataka for the first time, Rajaram stated. During the mela, writer Chandrashekar Kambara, who got Kannada its eighth Jnanpith award, will be felicitated.Rangayana is taking works of each Kannada Jnanpith awardees to the student community hosting seminars on each writer's works at eight colleges starting January 15. Kambara's works will be discussed at Vijaya Vitthala PU College, Girish Karnada's at JSS College for Women, U R Ananthamurthy's at Sharada Vilas College, V K Gokak's at SDM Women's college, Masti Venkatesh Iyengar's at Maharaja's College, K Shivaram Karanth's at Vidyavardhaka College, Da Ra Bendre's at St Philomena's College and Kuvempu's at Mahajana's College.Unlike earlier when theatre personalities inaugurated the festival, this time Kannada and culture minister Govind Karjol will do the honours. The shows will be presented at Kalamandir at 6pm and Bhoomigeetha (6.30pm) and Vanaranga (7pm). The festival will be inaugurated showcasing Kambara's work-Shikara Surya.Ahead of the evening shows, street-plays and folk performances will be organized at Kalamandir complex. The street-plays will be taken to 50 places in Mysore and its surrounding starting Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11429950", "title": "Seeking liberation from illiteracy", "text": "PANAJI: Like most villages in Sattari taluka, Morlem-a seven-ward panchayat with a population of around 3,600-lacks civic amenities.Just 7 km from Sanquelim town, the panchayat has five primary schools and one high school in its jurisdiction that's spread across 971.87 ha. But with 296.71 ha covered in forests, residents in many wards, including Bagwada, Kasarwada and Deulwada, have no access to transport and hence basic education, say locals.\"Most of the hamlets are characterized by poverty, ignorance and unemployment because of illiteracy,\" says Bagwada-resident Dinesh Mainkar.Pointing to an old foot bridge over the river Valvanti (in pic), the 35-year-old adds, \"Bagwada is yet to get a proper bridge or even a road. During medical emergencies, it is not possible to get an ambulance to our ward.\"Sarpanch Anand Sawant says, \"Two years ago we sent a proposal to the Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation to construct a bridge between Bagwada and Gimaywada. A smaller bridge, at an estimated cost of Rs 25 lakh, has been proposed between Bhatwadi and Ghodemol and has been sent to the PWD. Nothing has materialized from either proposal.\"Officials of both departments refused to comment given the model code of conduct in place for the forthcoming assembly elections.Claiming unemployment \"is a burning issue\" in Morlem, former sarpanch Vatsala Gaonkar says, \"Very few youngsters are employed. My four sons too are not employed. My family does not have any sound source of livelihood.\"Surrounded by teak plantations run by the forest department and facing the dilemma of the meagre agricultural land not being in the villagers' names, the 52-year-old explains that the lack of proper irrigation has left locals shy of taking up farming.\"Those who do cultivate often have to suffer the destruction of their crops or plantations by wild animals. The government compensation is often provided very late,\" adds Gurudas Malik of Kesarkarwada.Mainkar concludes, \"Since Goa's Liberation 50 years ago, no sincere attempt has been made to improve our economic status and this has left most of us in poverty and ignorance.\" The panchayat has 350 families registered as living below poverty line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430079", "title": "Mamata's grilling turns front row into hot seat", "text": "KOLKATA: The business community had an unexpected grilling at the hands of chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Bengal Leads 2012 on Monday. Some of them were called out by name and asked to explain why they have not invested in the state so far, despite 'the ground having been cleared'.\"I may not know as much as you do... but may I ask what is it that's stopping you from investing in Bengal?\" asked Mamata, who took a bullish posture in pleading for quick investment at the meet. First, she singled out the representatives of foreign nations who were seated in the front rows. It was then the turn of the local industrialists to face her questions.\" Japan, do you want to invest in Bengal?\" she asked a Japanese delegation. \"What about my Chinese friends? US? Are you interested? UK ? My German friends?\" she queried. As some German representatives nodded in affirmation, the chief minister looked pleased and thanked them. \"Bangladesh er keu achen ki?\" she wanted to know. As none responded, she turned back to the bureaucrats seated on the dais and asked, \"Didn't you invite them?\"It was then the local industry's turn to face her inquest. ITC chairman Y C Deveshwar was the first to be picked out. Then JSW chairman, managing director Sajjan Jindal . \"ITC? Interested? DLF? Mr Jindal when will your industry happen? We have done everything possible to clear your proposals fast, haven't we?\" she said. \"And what about you Mr Patton Tank?\" she asked industrialist Sanjay Budhia, MD of the Patton Group. \"Haven't we been quick to help you as well,\" Mamata asked Budhia , who seemed taken aback by the address.She then turned to Sanjiv Goenka, chairman of RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group, and demanded to know if he really intended to set up a power plant in Haldia. \"Hobe to?\" she asked. \"What about tea? Is Mr Dhanuka here?\" she enquired, looking for Chandra Kumar Dhanuka, executive chairman of the Dhunseri Group.Mamata was not finished as yet. \"Anybody from the small-scale industries?\" This time, she got an enthusiastic response from a group of entrepreneurs from the middle-rows. \"We are ready to invest Didi,\" some of them chorused.Health was next on her list. \"Who would be interested in the health sector?\" the CM asked. A nod from Harsh Neotia left her pleased. \"Thank you, Mr Neotia,\" she said and moved on to the education sector. By then, the industrialists had turned cagey. There was an uneasy silence in the front rows even as Mamata scanned the audience, seeking them out. \"What about eco-park? State highways, cottage and small-scale industries?\" Mamata was reeling off the sectors, as if putting them on auction.The business community took the sudden interrogation in its stride, though. \"The meet was encouraging and we look forward to more such occasions in future,\" said Sanjay Budhia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11430369", "title": "A faction too many within Thane's NCP", "text": "THANE: Ridden with factional divide, the NCP's Thane unit appears to be on a wobbly wicket. The first blow to the party is likely tobe dealt by MLA Subhash Bhoir who has voiced dissent against the beleaguered party, and is likely to stage a walk-out along with his associate Sudhir Bhagat-NCP's sitting corporator from Mumbra.Another faction owing allegiance to NCP's senior leaders Vasant Davkhare and Devram Bhoir was huddled in a closed-door meeting on Monday to discuss political strategies and measures to belittle the party's city unit chief Jitendra Awhad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433562", "title": "Lootera is snowed under", "text": "Phantom Productions and Balaji Motion Pictures co-production Lootera starring Ranveer Singh and Sonakshi Sinha seems to have succumbed to the cold wave in the northern belt of the country.The set of the film erected in Dalhousie where the actors were to shoot over the next couple of days has been destroyed. Courtesy: the snowstorm that has struck the area.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the estimated loss is about Rs 8 lakh. \"Worse still, the set will now have to be rebuilt. This will involve non-stop work to reduce the loss of working days in the schedule,\" informed a source close to the film.\"In fact, director Vikramaditya Motwane, DOP Mahendra Shetty and art director Aditya Kanwar were out on a recce of the set constructed in Gawar, an area three kilometers off Dalhousie. Scared about the entire set construction team being stranded there, with the heavy snow, Aditya even decided to stay back with them.\" added the source.While the sets are suffering, lead actress Sonakshi has her own set of problems to deal with. \"Sonakshi has been stuck in the hotel room since the last three days. She reached Dalhousie last week only,\" informed the source.At the time of going to press, we also heard that lead actor Ranveer was stranded at the Jammu airport for the last two days. \"The road from the airport to the hotel is snow laden and he will have to wait till the roads get cleared,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431551", "title": "CBI to probe 'illegal' sale of properties in Ferozepur", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday directed the CBI to probe the alleged irregularities in the sale of central government properties located in Ferozepur cantonment area. The said properties of the central government were in the custody of the cantonment board and were sold out as debris and superstructures.Directing the CBI to probe the issue, division bench comprising Chief Justice Rajan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover has asked the agency to complete the investigation within a period of six months. The direction has come in the wake of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by some residents of Ferozepur who were booked under various sections of IPC for selling debris by misrepresenting facts on the sales deeds of the said properties. Importantly, on the basis of these sale deeds, the cantonment board had regularized the possession of the land by granting the property identification numbers, water and electricity connections.While handing over the probe to CBI, HC observed that numerous similar sales had taken place in the cantonment board, which were regularized by it and in this manner, it seems that the valuable property of the central government was being usurped.The bench also held that the transaction of the sale and purchase involved in the PIL, as also similar deals, which may have been executed over a period of time and regularized by the board should be investigated by an independent agency.The matter pertains to large number of properties owned by the Union government were in the custody of cantonment board Ferozepur. However, these properties were later sold on sale deeds on the pretext of debris and superstructures. Later, in order to give them legal cover, the board had issued serial numbers to such sold properties, which helped them in getting the required electricity and water connections.When the mater surfaced, an FIR for cheating and criminal conspiracy was registered against some persons for preparing such fraudulent transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11425250", "title": "Salman to play Mumbai commissioner in Dabangg 3", "text": "While you are still looking forward to Dabangg 2, here's what Salman Khan has committed to his fans in Dabangg 3.For all you Dabangg fans, there's some news. It goes without saying that the plans for the sequel are bigger and better. But that's not all. Salman Khan recently went a step ahead to promise his fans some 'big' fun not just from the sequel but the franchise per se.On Saturday evening, Salman Khan attended the Umang Police Function and turned the center of attraction especially because he has played a cop in Dabangg. When asked about the sequel, Salman said, \"In Dabanng , Chulbul Pandey was a cop from a small town. In Dabangg 2 he will be promoted to a city and will be playing a senior cop from Lucknow\". Also from his corrupt ways in the prequel, he would turn more honest in the sequel.But Salman Khan didn't stop there. He promised his fans, \"In Dabangg 3 , Chulbul Pandey will be posted in Mumbai. Also with each part, his seniority will rise so the third part will see him as the Commissioner of Mumbai Police\". Of course the third part is nowhere in picture as of now but it was the most witty and apt tribute that Salman could give to the Mumbai police at the event.Interestingly Salman Khan said this in presence of the real Commissioner of Mumbai Police. And before the Commissioner could object, Salman in his trademark style said. \" Ek baar jo maine commitment de di, toh main khud ki bhi nahi sunta \". Now that's some attitude!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431060", "title": "British politician works for upgrade of rural India", "text": "JAIPUR: Paying back to his motherland, British politician and member of the House of Lords , Lord Daljit Singh Rana MBE, is funding projects with an aim to transform rural India by developing infrastructure and means for quality education.Born in Sangol in Punjab, Rana is developing a cluster of 26 villages around his native place on the pattern of PURA (Providing Urban Amenities to Rural Areas), a concept conceived by former President APJ Abdul Kalam. \"I have already started working in coordination with the locals around the 26 selected villages and the entire fund management is being done by me in my personal capacity,\" said Lord Rana, while talking to TOI on the sidelines of the PBD celebrations at the Birla Auditorium here.Lord Rana had left Punjab in 1963 for England and has been a resident of Belfast since 1966. He had to repair his property portfolio over 25 times during the troubled times in Northern Ireland because of bombings and arson attacks.Today, he is a successful property developer, hotelier and president of the Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce and Industry. He is also director of Andras House and a a leading figure of the Indian community in Northern Ireland. He is India's honorary consul in Belfast.Lord Rana promotes business links between India and Northern Ireland and has been elected president of the Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce. He led a trade mission of 13 companies to India to explore business opportunities for Northern Ireland companies. He is also president of the Global Organization of People of Indian Origin ( GOPIO).He had started a girls' college some six years back at his native Sangol village but it has now turned into an education hub with six colleges of engineering and management. \"There are around 2,000 students studying there for a minimal fee and the project has given employment to more than 100 villagers,\" he said. Lord Rana is now setting up an ITI college in Gorakhpur district.Lord Rana said he was exploring the possibility of investments in Rajasthan too but that largely depends on the viability of the projects. He is looking for tourism as well as the education sector for investments in Rajasthan. He has already written a few letters to the Rajasthan government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429610", "title": "NU to host National Youth Fest after a decade", "text": "NAGPUR: After a gap of over decade, the Nagpur University has again geared up to host a mega cultural event - 27th Inter-university National Youth Festival - from January 22-26. This is the third time NU is getting a chance to host the prestigious event where over 900 students from all over the country would participate. They will vie for honours in as many as 24 events including mime, folk orchestra, classical dance, group singing, skit mimicry, quiz and cultural programmes among others. Earlier, NU had hosted the festival in 2000.Senior NU officer on the condition of anonymity told TOI that they were working overtime to make the arrangements. NU Director of Students Welfare (DSW) Arun Patil who had varied experiences in hosting such mega events was made as in-charge for the four-day festival.All the events would be conduced at Dr Vasantrao Deshpande Hall while lodging and boarding arrangements of participants would be done at MLA hostel. This cultural extravaganza is being held every year in different states in collaboration with Government of India's Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports along with Association of Indian Universities (AIU).Officials added that ever since the National Youth Festival was conceptualized in 1985, Nagpur remained one of the favourite destinations due to its well-connected location.\"Youth participate in the spirit of competition but by the end of the festival disintegrate as members of one single family. Principles of fraternity, equality, integrity and unity flow among participating students,\" officials said, adding that it provides an ideal opportunity for fostering friendship and brotherhood.Citing examples of renowned personalities like pop singer Sai Ram and popular Marathi television actor Adesh Bandekar who were once a part of this festival during their young days and shaped their career by participating in as many events, NU officials said the event provided perfect platform for the youngsters to showcase their talents on a bigger scale.\"The youth festivals can be considered as the magic tunnel of inspiration involved in the making of artists, as they participate with best in the country. In 21st century, folk art is fast losing its presence, but the festival seeks a chance to promote folk and tribal performances,\" the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430511", "title": "Satyam sues Raju &amp; Co for fraud", "text": "HYDERABAD: Exactly three years after the multi-crore Satyam scam first came to light, Mahindra Satyam has finally dragged Satyam's disgraced founder Ramalinga Raju along with the company's erstwhile board of directors, some former Satyam employees as well as auditing firm Price Waterhouse (PW) and its affiliates and partners to court over the worst corporate fraud to have rocked India Inc.Mahindra Satyam, as Satyam is known after being taken over by the Mahindras in April 2009, on Monday informed the bourses that it had filed a suit in the City Civil Court of Hyderabad against the former Satyam board, some employees and PW and affiliates for perpetrating fraud, breach of fiduciary responsibility, obligations and negligence in performance of duties and that it was seeking undisclosed damages from them.According to sources, the company has sued nearly 123 PW partners across the US and India offices in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Mumbai along with its various affiliates including Lovelock &amp; Lewes.While the company did not peg any specific number to the damages it was seeking, Mahindra Satyam chairman Vineet Nayyar told TOI that the figure would definitely be much in excess of the $210 million that the company had to cough up to settle its legal liabilities. These include the $125 million US class action suit settlement, $70 million Upaid lawsuit settlement and the $10 million settlement with the US markets watchdog SEC.\"Though we haven't specified the damages because we don't know the exact magnitude of damages, some are known to us and easily quantifiable. And then there are damages resulting in loss of business, customers, reputation that add up to quite a bit but are difficult to quantify,\" Nayyar said.\"Obviously we have angst against the previous management and auditors who had a fiduciary responsibility. It is only right and fair that they should compensate the company,\" Nayyar explained.Of course, the company also has the sword of the income tax liabilities running into thousands of crores hanging over its head. While the I-T department has issued a notice demanding Rs 2,114 crore tax for assessement years 2002-03 and 2007-08, the company is already embroiled in a legal battle with the I-T department over a Rs 617 crore tax demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11431726", "title": "Gurgaon loses its marbles", "text": "GURGAON: Over 75 marble shops along MG Road were sealed by the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) during a day-long drive on Monday. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar , along with officials of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon and police, supervised the drive.The HUDA team evicted the shopkeepers and seized marble stones worth crores of rupees. The drive started around 9:30am with the officials arriving at the marble market and the police cordoning off the area. No trucks were allowed to load or unload marble stones. \"I have told them to vacate the illegally occupied corporation land or be ready to face action. I'm checking their ownership documents,\" said Kumar.Meanwhile, the shop owners claimed that they have been paying sales tax, income tax and the shops have power connection like any other commercial establishment in the city. After news of HUDA action spread , the business hit an all-time low. \"I was not even given a chance to explain my position. I have got a stay from Punjab and Haryana high court because HUDA and the city administration had not allotted me a plot in Sector 33,\" said I S Arora, owner of S K Marble and Granite.Marble stones worth Rs 50 lakh were seized from Arora's shop. \"Now, I don't know what will happen to my business. I was not allotted a plot because of the error on the part of HUDA. They mentioned the name of my shop as S K Marble and refused to allot the plot,\" Arora.The shopkeepers claimed the city administration had offered plots in Sectors 33 and 34. \"We knew about the sealing drive and were ready with all the documents such as court stay order and the receipts of the money given for the land lease but all in vain,\" said Joginder Kumar, owner of Sai Marbles.The shopkeepers now plan to challenge HUDA's sealing decision in Punjab and Haryana high court. \"We have no option but to approach the court. The decision to seal the shops is in contravention of the high court stay order,\" said Kumar, standing near a signboard outside his shop, displaying the court stay order.Rubbishing the shopkeepers' claims, Kumar said, \"The shops were given on lease but I have checked with the corporation and have been told that the shopkeepers had not even paid a single penny to the state government. There are a bunch of cases registered against the shopkeepers by the state vigilance department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11437142", "title": "Sony unveils Xperia S", "text": "At the 2012 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Sony announced its first smartphone from the Xperia NXT series - Xperia S.Sporting a 4.3-inch Reality Display with Mobile Bravia Engine with HD resolution screen (1280 x 720), the phone packs a 12 megapixel camera which is capable of taking pictures in just 1.5 seconds from standby mode.Powered by 1.5GHz dual-core processor, Xperia S will launch with Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) and will later be upgraded to Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) during the second quarter 2012. For connectivity, the phone supports Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, HDMI, NFC and DLNA.The phone will also let users watch content from the Sony Entertainment Network by connecting through HMDI to TV or share photos wirelessly with just one touch.Xperia S is also NFC (near field communication) enabled to allow consumers to share content with each other. Xperia S will be available to consumers globally from the first quarter 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430646", "title": "Why are patients in cold outside AIIMS: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"The cold, not cancer , may kill me\" - the TOI story on the pitiable condition of patients and relatives braving the biting cold in wait for a bed in All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) drew an anguished reaction from the Supreme Court, which on Friday asked the Delhi government to urgently set up a night shelter either inside or close to the prestigious hospital.A bench of Justices Dalveer Bhandari and Dipak Misra, which has been coaxing states to set up night shelters across the country to protect homeless from the vagaries of extreme weather, was disturbed by the plight of patients and their relatives, whose long wait for a bed in the overburdened hospital was worsened by the continuing cold wave conditions.\"We do not want this to continue. The government must build a shelter either inside the hospital or in its immediate proximity,\" the bench said.The Supreme Court on Friday asked the Delhi government to urgently set up a night shelter either inside or close to AIIMS. The bench asked additional solicitor general Mohan Parasaran to report back to the court on Monday about steps taken in this regard.Senior advocate Colin Gonsalves drew the bench's attention to the court commissioners' report about closure of 21 permanent night shelters and conversion of 40 tented night shelters into tin sheds in Delhi. The bench wondered why the government converted the tents into tin sheds which would not be able to protect inmates from low temperatures. \"How can you have tin sheds in this weather as night shelters,\" the bench asked.Parasaran said the tents were converted to tin sheds to avoid fire accidents. But he contested the court commissioners' report about closure of night shelters. He said the court had specifically ordered a joint inspection of night shelters by the court commissioners and officials from Delhi Urban Shelter and Improvement Board (DUSIB). However, the court commissioners went alone for the inspection work.The bench did not want to waste time in settling the dispute over the status of night shelters and asked the court commissioners to take DISUB officials for a joint inspection over the next three days. It wanted the joint inspection report to be placed before the court on Monday.Gonsalves also drew the court's attention to the low occupancy rate in night shelters because of non-advertisement of their location. \"Many urban homeless continue to suffer the cold lying in open as they do not know the location of night shelters,\" he said.The court, which had repeatedly warned the authorities against urban homeless dying of cold wave, stressed that adequate publicity about the location of night shelters must be given to facilitate poor people to avail the facilities.The commissioners had also given a report a to the court on the poor compliance of the court's orders to the states for setting up of adequate number of night shelters leaving nearly three million people to sleep in the open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11433966", "title": "Great dane gives birth to 12 pups", "text": "MYSORE: It was an unforgettable weekend for this lucky couple. Their one-and half-year old pet dog gave birth to 12 puppies. Veterinary doctors say that this is one of the rarest cases in veterinary history.Natraj and Mahalakshmi's great dane, 'Blacky' gave birth to 10 male and two female puppies on Saturday evening. Children and pet lovers thronged their Gokulum residence to see the newborn black-coloured pups.They are all caesarean pups. Nagaraj, senior veterinary doctor who was present during the operation, said Blacky, as well as her pups are doing fine. \"The pregnancy period for dogs is 64 days, but the pet breeders brought the dog to the Government Veterinary Hospital, Dhanvanthri road, saying that it was already 70 days and the dog was yet to deliver. So we took an x-ray scan and we had to go in for surgery. We were surprised when we came across 12 puppies. Usually, during the first delivery, a great dane delivers an average of five to six puppies. Later, the number may increase gradually. But this is Blacky's first delivery and she had 12 puppies, which surprised us all,\" said Dr Nagaraj.\"We are so proud of Blacky. She is like a child to us and we are not planning to sell the pups at the moment,\" said Mahalakshmi. Natraj, a railway employee and Mahalakshmi, a housewife, are both delighted and are on cloud nine. As per the Guinness Book of World Records, a Neapolitan Bull Mastiff Tia gave birth to 25 pups in the US in 2005. After Tia, there's only Retro, a golden retriever, who gave birth to 16 puppies in the US in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11429901", "title": "IRB cook arrested for raping 16-year-old", "text": "PANAJI: An India Reserve Battalion (IRB) cook has been arrested by the Old Goa police on charges of raping a minor girl in Carambolim.Acting on a complaint given by the 16-year-old girl's mother, the police have registered a case under Section 376 (rape) and Section 8 (2) (sexual assault) against Mohandas Kunkolienkar,26. Police said the accused was a family friend of the victim and often used to visit her at her residence. \"He even expressed a desire to marry the victim and the parents met. However, the victim's parents said that their daughter was a minor and he should wait till she completes her education,\" said police.The girl was to appear for her board exams this year. However, the accused eloped with the girl and married her the next day in a temple in November, 2011. \"They even started residing together as husband and wife.The girl's parents claim that they were not aware of the relationship and the matter came to light only when they learnt that their daughter was three months pregnant,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11430572", "title": "UK cabbie who drove missing Indian traced", "text": "LONDON: Detectives trying to trace the taxi driver who picked up Indian student Gurdeep Hayer, missing from Manchester since January 2, located the cabbie on Monday.His questioning revealed that Hayer had asked him to stop a few minutes into the journey, paid the fare and got out of the taxi. The driver confirmed he had collected Hayer outside a night club called Sankeys at around 2:15 am on January 2. Hayer (20) was picked up just kilometers away from the place where Anuj Bidve was killed on December 26, raising concerns among the Indians in the area about their security.Detective inspector Mark Radford of the Greater Manchester Police CID said, \"We have new information into the last known sighting of Gurdeep, which we have released in the hope it may jog someone's memory, who may have seen him getting out of the taxi or in the area shortly afterwards.\" Hayer had travelled from Birmingham in the midlands of England to Manchester, which is in the northwest of England, on December 31 to celebrate New Year's Eve. He stayed with friends in the city.He went out again with friends on the night of January 1 and was seen leaving Sankeys on his own around 2.15 am on January 2. \"He was seen leaving Sankeys but did not manage to make it back to his friends' house,\" a spokesman said.Last seen, Hayer was wearing a navy blue polo shirt, black or blue jeans and trainers. Police described him as \"Asian, with a medium build, about 5ft 11in tall with spiky black hair with stubble; and speaks with a Midlands accent\".Detective Sergeant Alan Hamlin, of South Manchester CID, said, \"Gurdeep's family are clearly fraught with worry for him, as nobody has seen or heard anything from him. They simply want to know he is safe.\" He appealed to anyone who might have noticed Hayer to contact police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430569", "title": "Salman bowls over kids from across the border", "text": "MUMBAI: Dabangg's Chulbul Pandey or Bodyguard's Lovely Singh, Salman Khan has managed to win hearts across the borders. Under the Aman Ki Asha campaign, three children from Pakistan were brought to India by the Make-A-Wish Foundation to meet Salman Khan.Hubaiba Rizwan (15), Anas Ateeq (16) and Shehroz Ateeq (13) are thalassemia major patients whose biggest wish was to meet Salman Khan.Said Ishtiaq Baig, founding president, Make-A-Wish Pakistan, \"These children are terminally ill and we wanted to fulfil their wish. They are excited to meet Salman. He is popular in Pakistan. This meeting will send a good message to the people of both the countries.\"Spotted wearing the signature blue-stone bracelet of Salman and with sunglasses hung from the back of their collars,The two boys---Anas and Shehroz---could not wait to shake a leg with the Dabangg star. \"I will act like the heroine and ask Salman to say dialogues to me,\" chirped Hubaiba excitedly. Accompanying them were Anila Sidhu, head of Make-A-Wish, Sindh division, Zahida Sarvar, media co-ordinator and volunteers Zareen and Shareen Khan. Also expected was a fourth child who could not make it to India because of his chemotherapy treatment. In Mumbai till January 12, the children will be taken around the city and given the chance to experience India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11430912", "title": "Manmade global warming could defer 'lethal' Ice Age", "text": "LONDON: Human carbon emissions could put off a \"lethal\" ice age which is due to start within 1,500 years, say British scientists at Cambridge University . According to them, levels of CO2 in the atmosphere could actually insulate against a catastrophic ice age which would see glaciers advance over Europe and north America. They admit people would be \"better off \" in a warmer world - but caution that this is 'missing the point' .Lead scientist Luke Skinner says even if carbon emissions stopped today, levels would remain elevated for at least 1,000 years, and stored heat could actually prevent the next Ice Age from happening, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Instead, things would cool down, but not quite so severely. Thanks to elevated levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, the earth would not experience \"glaciation\" - periods of severe cold where glaciers advance.The current level of carbon dioxide is 390 parts per million. The scientists believe that level would need to drop to 240 parts per million to allow glaciation to take place.\"It's an interesting philosophical discussion. Would we better off in a warm world rather than a glaciation ? Probably we would. At current levels of CO2, even if emissions stopped now, we'd probably have a long interglacial period,\" he said.\"Interglacial\" periods are warmer periods between periods of glaciation. The last ice age ended 11,500 years ago. The cycle is dictated by tiny variations in Earth's orbit around the Sun. Ice ages are marked by glaciers advancing over continents. At the peak of the last ice age, large areas of Europe, Asia and North America were covered in ice. The effects on human civilisation would be catastrophic. \"This is missing the point, because where we're going is not maintaining our currently warm climate but heating it much further, and adding CO2 to a warm climate is very different from adding it to a cold climate,\" Skinner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11431314", "title": "'Tiger roaming near city may be juvenile'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Experts and forest officers who had been tracking the big cat in the vicinity of Lucknow, on Monday, said that it could be the juvenile tiger, aged about 3-4 years.On Monday, a blue bull was found killed at Rahmankhera, between Mall and Kakori. The tiger has eaten about 80 pounds of flesh. \"There are possibilities that it will return to the kill,\" said Rahul Shukla , ex-honorary wildlife warden, Dudhwa.The WTI team is at the spot tracking the movement of the tiger. The effort is to localise the tiger. The tiger, as of now, is present in the area which does not have much human presence. But, it has tiger's natural prey in abundance.On the presence of the cub in the area, \"It initially appears to be the tigress with the cub, but we found more distinct pugmarks today,\" said Shukla. At present, experts claim it's a tiger. The pugmarks which were mistaken to be that of a cub are of some other animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429824", "title": "Industrialist killed in e-way accident", "text": "PUNE: An industrialist from Mumbai died and three others sustained severe injuries in an accident involving a state road transport bus, a truck and two cars on the Pune-Mumbai expressway near Somatane Phata at Gahunje village, around 35 km from Pune, on Monday afternoon.The Talegaon Dabhade police said the deceased, Rajiv Vinod Shah (41), was a resident of Goregaon, Mumbai. Shah's driver, Rampal Shahu (32) of Vile Parle, Mumbai, sustained severe injuries in the accident. The other injured persons have been identified as Rakesh Pande (26) of Kandivli, Mumbai, and Shilpa Bakshi (44) of Aundh, Pune.Investigating officer Vijay Salvi told TOI that the accident took place around 1.30 pm. \"Bakshi and Pande were travelling towards Mumbai in a car. When their car reached near Gahunje, a speeding truck rammed the rear of the car. Due to the impact, the car crossed the divider and skidded on the lane heading towards Pune,\" he said.Salvi said that the car hit Shah's car, which was coming towards Pune. Shah's car crashed into a state transport bus that was travelling in the last lane heading towards Pune. \"Shah and his driver Shahu sustained severe injuries. Bakshi and Pande, who were in the first car, also sustained injuries,\" Salvi said.The police and the employees of Ideal Road Builders rushed the injured people to a private hospital in Nigdi. \"Bakshi sustained severe injuries and is undergoing treatment in the intensive care unit,\" Salvi said.A branch head of Rajiv Shah's company told TOI that on Monday morning, Shah was on his way to Pune for some work. \"Shah owned two automotive components manufacturing units. One of his units is in Mumbai and the other is in Pune. He is survived by his wife, two daughters, a son and parents,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "11431452", "title": "Anwar freed in sodomy case", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: In a stunning climax to a two-year-old trial, a Malaysian court on Wednesday acquitted opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim of sodomy charges, and admittedly the surprised former deputy premier immediately set his sights on pushing out the long-serving ruling coalition.High court Judge Justice Mohamad Zabidin Mohd Diah took just three minutes to deliver his most-awaited judgement to a packed court house finding him not guilty of sodomising 26-year-old Mohd Saiful Bukhari, his former aide.A relieved 64-year-old opposition leader announced outside the court room that he intended to visit India and Turkey soon. Anwar said his surprise acquittal could be linked to government fears that a guilty ruling would have left PM Najib Razak's image tarnished abroad.The verdict, which is likely to give a boost to opposition alliance ahead of the general elections, were followed by three small explosions outside the court where a tight security arrangement was in place. But the police blamed it on firecrackers.A government statement said the judgement highlighted the free nature of the judiciary in the nation. Delivering the judgement, the judge said there were no corroborating evidence to support Saiful's testimony, citing unreliable DNA evidence. \"The court cannot be 100% certain that DNA was not contaminated ,\" he said.\"And because it was a sexual offence, the court is reluctant to convict on uncorroborated evidence,\" he said.However, there was no written judgement. Anwar's supporters shouted \"Allahu Akbar\" , or \"God is great\" after the judge finished reading the verdict. Anwar immediately hugged his children who were crying over the verdict . He also shook hands with the prosecutors.\"Thank God justice has prevailed,\" said a jubilant Anwar. \"I have been vindicated . To be honest, I am a little surprised... My focus now will be at the coming elections ,\" Anwar said.Anwar's lead counsel Karpal Singh said the court's decision was based on merit and should not be appealed. \"This is very good win for Anwar ,\" he said.The verdict comes ahead of elections that are due in 2013 but are widely expected to be called later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430174", "title": "CMAT application date extended to Jan 22", "text": "MUMBAI: The All-India Council for Technical Education has extended the deadline to apply for CMAT 2012 till January 22. The original deadline was January 9.AICTE chairman S S Mantha said as some states have elections on January 9, the registration date has been extended to give candidates enough time to sign up for the test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11430446", "title": "Monthly meetings to monitor Kuttanad package activities", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Irrigation minister P J Joseph said on Monday that to ensure the participation of farmers and people's representatives in the effective execution of the Kuttanad package, monthly meetings would be conducted in Kuttanad to monitor the various activities of the package. The minister was speaking to mediapersons after visiting Kuttanad on Monday.This monthly meeting can be attended by the representatives of farmers and local bodies concerned and they can make suggestions regarding the execution of the package. Efforts are also on for time-bound execution of various projects under the package,'' the minister said.Some people are deliberately trying to create controversies to block the execution of the package. There is nothing wrong in constructing outer bunds using concrete piles and slabs at Rani and Chithira kayal paddyfields. Though Rani and Chithira paddyfields are not suitable for paddy farming, it is an apt place for conducting fish farming,'' the minister said.I am not ready to support any decision which will block the ongoing works under the package and the government will soon appoint a project director to coordinate various activities of the package '' the minister said.Joseph, while visiting Thanneermukkom bund, said that Rs 1 crore had been sanctioned for the renovation of the bund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430845", "title": "Sewer leak damages road, triggers jam in South Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a classic case of bad civic maintenance causing distress to thousands of commuters travelling on the Outer Ring Road, seepage from damaged sewer pipes at Nehru Place and Savitri Cinema has been triggering off traffic snarls in south Delhi for the past one week. The daily traffic mess has been worsening every day and on Monday, the jam stretched from the Savitri flyover till beyond Kalkaji even late into the night.The seepage at two points along the route from Kalkaji to Chirag Delhi - at Nehru Place and just before the Savitri flyover - has damaged part of the carriageway, resulting in restricted traffic movement along the already congested route. Delay in repairing the sewer lines has resulted in the further damage of the road with 3ft-deep potholes near the base of the Savitri flyover. The Delhi Jal Board (DJB) is in charge of carrying out the repair work.However, DJB has blamed the traffic police for the delay. \"The seepage was detected a week ago. We have got road-cutting permission from the public works department and the work was held up as we had not received the nod from Delhi Traffic Police as it had some apprehension that the repair work during fog would cause problem. But now we have got the permission and the work will be done expeditiously from Friday till Sunday. People should avoid that stretch during the weekend as it will be heavily congested as we will have to barricade a part of the road,\" said Sanjam Chima, DJB spokesperson.Traffic cops have been having a tough time managing the congestion. \"We have deployed extra traffic personnel on the stretch. Officials from DJB approached the traffic police for permission to block part of the stretch for repairs on Thursday. They had to work out some detailed plan for the repair work and we have allowed them to close a part of the carriageway for repairs from Friday evening after peak hours till Monday morning. Congestion due to repair work can be minimized as it will be during the weekend,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Huge traffic snarls were reported on the Outer Ring Road on Monday evening due to the slow movement of traffic on the road. \"As almost half the carriageway is unusable near Savitri, there is a traffic bottleneck every day as vehicles slow down near the damaged part of the carriageway while negotiating the potholes. This slows down the traffic movement along the stretch, and even during non-peak hours, there is always slow movement of traffic,\" said a senior traffic police officer.\"Already this stretch faces very heavy traffic volume everyday and these two points have been witnessing massive jams every day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430888", "title": "Blueprint ready for Metro Phase IV", "text": "NEW DELHI: While work has begun on the third phase of the Metro network, the Delhi government has started finalizing the corridors for Phase IV.Sources said the government is considering the corridors suggested by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). \"DMRC has identified eight corridors, based on a traffic study done by it. The government will further scrutinize these corridors and recommend options, if needed, before finalizing the alignment,\" a senior official said.The network being envisaged for Phase IV covers more than 115km and will connect far-flung areas of the city to the existing network. Sources said the idea was to connect outer Delhi to the heart of the city in the fourth phase. \"While Phase III will make the Metro network denser and bring NCR closer to Delhi; in the fourth phase, we are hoping to connect the corners of the city to the Metro network,\" an official said.A letter detailing the corridor alignment and their length was sent to the transport department on November 2, 2011, said sources. Some of the corridors, like Lajpat Nagar-Madangir (7.33km) or Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar-Dilshad Garden (17.54km) will also connect commercial hubs with areas having poor surface connectivity. However, most of the corridors being studied would connect the far corners of Delhi to the city centre. These include the Yamuna Bank-Loni Border (11.97km), Rithala-Bawana (12.50km), Kirti Nagar-Dwarka Sector 28 (18.17km), Azadpur-RK Ashram (8.90km) and Badarpur-Delhi Aerocity/NH8 corridor (20.79km). There will also be a corridor connecting Janakpuri (west) to Mukundpur (18.74km), both of which are terminating stations for corridors in the third phase.Once the corridors are approved by the Delhi government, DMRC will be asked to conduct a detailed project report (DPR) on the corridors, identifying the actual alignment of the corridors, as well as carry out a ridership study. Officials said the final network for Phase IV would be decided only after another traffic study is conducted and the network's economic viability vetted. RITES will be engaged to do the ridership demand study, said the official.DPRs of three new corridors - Yamuna Vihar to Shiv Vihar (3km), Dwarka to Najafgarh (5.5km) and Mundka to Tikri Border (6.31km) - are ready and are expected to be included in Phase III.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430494", "title": "Kiran launches counter offensive to nail detractors", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a counter offensive to expose the 'true colours' of some ministers in his cabinet, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy's close aides on Monday rushed to New Delhi and submitted a report to Congress president Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel that detailed the involvement of some ministers in the liquor syndicate as well as acts of corruption.The seven-member delegation was led by close CM aide and MLC M Ranga Reddy. According to sources, the report said that \"some of the corrupt and power mongering senior leaders are out to defame the chief minister and to cause irreparable damage to the party image in the state.\" It pointed to the recent ACB raids against the liquor syndicates owned by some ministers and MLAs, and the sand mafia run by some legislators and said that \"these leaders do not want an honest and sincere chief minister at the helm of affairs. Since their illegal businesses have been hit after Kiran Kumar took over as chief minister, all of them are now trying to gang up to spread misinformation about the government and schemes,\" they pointed out. The report also explained the recent initiatives launched by the Kiran Kumar regime to make the administration transparent and corruption free.\"For example, the green channel in the finance department has made it impossible to meddle with bills and payments clearance. Now, everything should come in order and there is no chance of interference even by the chief minister. This has not been liked by several ministers. Similarly, the release of funds has been tightened. This also has not been liked by the minister who want that the payment for the works executed by their contractors should be made immediately,\" the report said.Jagan's Telangana fast todayTension gripped the Telangana region on the eve of the deeksha for farmers that YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy will undertake at Armoor in Nizamabad district on Tuesday. The 48-hour fast at YSR Pranganam in Armoor is to be staggered over the next three days. The TRS and Telangana Political JAC have given a call to their cadres to oppose the fast tooth and nail on the grounds that Jagan has not made public his stance on Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11435428", "title": "Bid to scuttle anti-cow slaughter law: Vishnoi", "text": "BHOPAL:The state government has claimed that vested interests and animal traffickers have been trying to sabotage the state's stringent anti-cow slaughter law by resorting to false propaganda about its possible misuse by various agencies.\"Even before the new law has come into force, there is a propaganda about its possible misuse in the state at the behest of bovine traffickers,\" minister for animal husbandry Ajay Vishnoi said in a statement.Referring to the criticisms that a cattle belonging to a minority community was beaten up allegedly by Bajrang Dal activists in Chhindwara district, he said a number of cases related to bovine trafficking were pending against Anees and his family members. The police had already registered cases against those involved in the assault and the law would take its own course, he said.He said a case under Gauvansh Nishedh Adhiyam 2004 was registered against the accused, Anees, on January 6, 2007 and 16 animals were seized from his possession.The same family is also facing another case under the Arms Act while some other members in the family have a number of cases registered against them for cattle smuggling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "berhampur/bhubaneswar", "code": "11432979", "title": "BJD man held for landmine blast", "text": "BERHAMPUR/BHUBANESWAR: A BJD leader from Kandhamal district's Daringibadi area was arrested on Monday for his alleged involvement in the January 5 Srirampur landmine blast that killed three policemen and injured as many others. The accused was identified as Junes Pradhan, chairman of Daringibadi panchayat samiti.SP (Kandhamal) J.N.Pankaj said: \"We have got strong evidence of Pradhan's involvement in the landmine blast and his links with the Maoists. He is suspected to be involved in other Maoist-related incidents in Kandhamal district. He has maintained his links with the outlawed extremists for some years.\"The SP, however, declined to elaborate. \"It will not be in the interest of the investigation to share all information at this stage,\" he said. \"Some more local people are also suspected to be involved in the ghastly incident. We have got information about them. They will be arrested soon,\" he added.Enquiries revealed, a police team raided Pradhan's house in Greenbadi village near Daringibadi in the wee hours and arrested him. He was immediately taken to the district headquarters town of Phulbani for interrogation.Sources said Pradhan was elected as a samiti member from Greenbadi panchayat in the last panchayat elections. He was later elected as the chairman of the panchayat samiti. Prior to this, Pradhan was the sarpanch of Greenbadi panchayat.In Bhubaneswar, the Congress condemned the BJD and described Pradhan's arrest as \"exposure of the ruling party's true colours\". \"The arrest of Junesh Pradhan establishes the BJD's links with the Maoists, who have been killing police personnel and innocent villagers at will,\" the Congress said in a press statement issued here.Meanwhile, Kandhamal district BJD president Bishnupriya Behera tried to play down Pradhan's involvement with the ruling party. \"Junes Pradhan held no posts in the party though he had won the panchayat samiti chairman election with the help of a section of our party members,\" she added.Taking a sterner stand, BJD Lok Sabha member from Kandhamal Rudra Madhab Ray said there was no reason to defend a person involved in criminal activities. \"He has no place in the party. Law will take its own course. I had contacted the SP in the morning upon getting the news of Pradhan's arrest. The SP said there are strong evidences against him,\" Ray said.Sources in the district administration said Pradhan faced charges of contesting elections in a reserved seat through a fake certificate. \"The allegations have since been investigated at the district and RDC level committees. The state committee will further examine them, before deciding to lodge a criminal case against the person,\" said an official.Pradhan, police said, heads the district unit of an organization called Odisha Adivasi Surakhya Manch. He had led several agitations in the area, including one against sale of illicit liquor.Soon after his arrest, three tribal organizations -- Odisha Adivasi Manch, Banavasi Surakhya Parishad and Adivasi Adhikar Andolon -- have jointly called a Daringibadi block bandh on Tuesday in protest against the police action.\"Pradhan was involved in several agitations for development of tribal people. Police have arrested him on false charges of being involved with the Maoists to neutralize these agitations,\" said Narendra Mohanty, convener of Banavasi Surakhya Parishad.Meanwhile, the CRPF, a bomb disposal squad and a forensic team are continuing their search operation in the area near Kotagarh for more landmines and explosives, if any, and to get clues about the involvement of persons in the land mine blast as well as another one on January 3 at the same place in which one suspected Maoist was killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431483", "title": "VIP number craze zooming", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There seems to be a revival of craze for VIP vehicle registration numbers if the number of applications for the upcoming new vehicle series (CH01AL) is any indication. The registration and licensing authority (RLA) has received over 250 applications for auction of the number in just last four days. The auction will be held next week. With January 11 as the last date for accepting the applications forms, over 100 more applications are expected to come in next two days.\"We have received 261 applications in last four days, except Sunday, for the auction of the new series, which is not even so catchy. But it is the craze for VIP numbers, which is forcing residents to come in maximum numbers to participate in the auction,\" said an official asking not to be named.According to the information, the new vehicle registration series will have a total of 9999 registration numbers, out of which around 400 VIP numbers are expected to be kept for the open auction. The advance amount for these numbers would be between Rs 5,000 to Rs 25,000 per number. As per information, the authority has been earning good money from the auction of the new vehicle registration number. During the recent auctions of some previous series, the authority managed to earn more than double the amount than the stipulated reserve prices of the registration numbers.Advance payment through DD onlyTo simplify the process, RLA is going to seek advance payment for participating in the auction through demand draft instead of cash. \"Earlier, we had been taking the amount in cash from the participants, but it was quite difficult to return the money to unsuccessful bidders, as we had to take approval from various departments and officers. In this process, unsuccessful bidders had to wait for four-six months, therefore we have decided to adopt the system to demand draft from all the applicants, so that the draft can be returned to the unsuccessful applicant on the spot,\" said an RLA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11434752", "title": "Court notice to Centre, state on city's civic woes", "text": "INDORE: The Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court on Monday issued notices to the Centre, state and eight others on a PIL about various issues of the city that include the poor hygienic condition and management of waste. The court directed the parties concerned to submit their replies within six weeks.The petitioner, Kishore Kodwani, who is the convener of an NGO Vikas Mitra Drishti 2050, in his petition alleged that the sanitation and hygiene in the city were in a bad shape. He claimed that the Indore Municipal Corporation failed to ensure proper management of drinking water and also the ADB-funded sewerage management project in city is also been delayed.\"The fund sanctioned for infrastructure development of the city is not being properly utilized by the civic body,\" said the petitioner. The petitioner further said that the solid waste management project sanctioned by the IMC some 15 years is yet to be implemented. The IMC claims that it has been clearing about 500 tonnes of garbage daily, whereas, the A to Z company that is contracted for domestic waste disposal says that it has been lifting 700 tonne garbage per day.The petitioner said the IMC has no plans as of now to manage the waste generated by 2015. The garbage generated in the city by 2015 may be about 1,200 tonne per day.After hearing the petitioner's argument, the bench comprising Justice S S Khemkar and Justice S K Seth directed to issue notices to the Union urban development ministry, state urban development ministry, mayor of Indore, commissioner IMC, collector Indore, SSP Indore, Town and Country Planning Department, and State Pollution Control Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "harwad", "code": "11433699", "title": "India lags in knowledge creation: expert", "text": "HARWAD: Renowned mathematician C R Rao said India needs a substantial number of researchers to do basic research leading to generation of new knowledge necessary to increase productivity of educational, business and industrial organizations.Delivering his speech at the 62nd annual convocation of the Karnatak University here on Monday he said this is the only way the country can solve the problems of hunger and ill health of millions of our people. The Universities should do everything to encourage research in basic sciences, he asserted.Noting that there was initial success in restoring our past glory in scholarship he said the momentum soon faded away. \"Where are we now in the global ranking as a member of Knowledge Society and what needs to be done to improve our position?\" he asked and asserted that India's position in the global ranking of knowledge creation, judged by the number of research publications in high impact journals was extremely low, even below that of some of the third world countries like Brazil, Poland and South Korea.Rao emphasized that one should do research in a subject which he or she has not studied for getting a degree. \"This may result in a fundamental discovery and not an extension of the knowledge acquired through university education. Choosing a famous scientist as a role model, selecting a problem of interest to you and working with great devotion will be of help to you in achieving success in research\".Taking a dig at those opposing development projects Rao said \"Judging by the agitations against nuclear power although the country is reeling under power crisis, against GM technology for increasing food production and improving nutritive quality although the current food production is stagnant at 200 plus million tons and the population is increasing at a rapid rate, against vaccination for preventing diseases because of very rare cases of adverse effects one may get the impression that India is becoming anti-science. We seem to have lost the habit of resolving issues by discussion and debate as our ancestors did. It is for the younger generation of graduating students to ponder over these problems and seek for solutions\".Vice chancellor H B Walikar presented the honorary doctorate degrees to C R Rao, noted critic G S Amur, actor Rajesh, educationist Kathikaneri Tehar Mahi and commissioner of Kannada and culture Manu Baligar.Another recipient Karnatak Central University VC A M Pathan was not present on the occasion. Walikar also presented PhDs and gold medals to meritorious students. The gold medalists who were eagerly waiting to receive the medals from the governor were in for disappointment as governor and chancellor H R Bharadwaj did not turn up for the convocation. Higher education minister V S Acharya, who is the pro-chancellor also did not make it to the convocation. Hence the sheen was lost and it was left to VC H B Walikar to carry out the procedurals that are normally done by the chancellor. This resulted in the entire proceedings going on in a disorderly manner. People were seen moving on and around the dais when the function was going on.Registrar S B Hinchigeri who read the welcome address on behalf of the VC gave a lengthy introduction of governor H R Bharadwaj who was absent and took almost 45 minutes giving details of the varsity's activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430779", "title": "Jogeshwari bizman's house burgled", "text": "MUMBAI: A Jogeshwari businessman's apartment was looted of cash and valuables worth Rs 14.64 lakh on Sunday when he was away with his family.Devji Gada (55), a resident of Saraswat Baug Colony on H F Society Road, Jogeshwari (E), had gone with his family to a Shahpur temple for darshan.Police said the burglary took place between 2pm and 3pm; the burglars smashed open the door latch and after enter-ing the bedroom, broke open the cupboard lock and made off with Rs 25,000 and 53 tolas of gold ornaments worth Rs 14.39 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430308", "title": "Eureka Forbes fined for supplying defective CCTV cameras", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city consumer court has ordered Eureka Forbes Limited to pay a compensation of Rs 29,000 by January 21 to a businessman for supplying faulty and used closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras.In September 2010, P Srinivasa Reddy of Road No 4, Banjara Hills, who runs Palem Leathers at Punjagutta, approached Eureka Forbes for installation of three CCTV security cameras at his shop. Subsequently, Eureka Forbes (CCTV division) gave him a quotation on September 20, 2010 citing the cost of supplying and installation of security system, comprising three CCTV cameras and SMPS power supply including sales tax, as Rs 25,110. The company demanded 70% of the project cost (Rs 17000) as advance.Accordingly, Reddy paid the advance through a cheque on September 29, 2010. After receiving the advance payment, the Eureka Forbes staff advised Reddy to fix electric wiring for installation of the security system. Reddy shelled out Rs 2,000 from his pocket and changed the wiring at his shop.However, even after paying the advance amount, the installation of the security system was not taken up for 22 days. After repeated reminders, the system was put in place, but it failed to work.As the surveillance system failed to work and as the Eureka Forbes representatives did not attend to it even after repeated requests, Reddy served a legal notice on them on December 14, 2010. Despite having received the notice, the company staff failed to respond to it and after waiting for eight months, Reddy filed a petition before the consumer forum on August 8, 2011.\"During the installation, I discovered that two of the three CCTV cameras were used ones and the entire equipment did not work. When I orally protested about supplying the used cameras, the company staff offered to replace the defective equipment as soon as they got new cameras,\" Reddy told the consumer forum in his petition.After listening to both the parties and examining the evidence, the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum-I, Hyderabad on December 30, 2011 issued orders directing Eureka Forbes to refund the Rs 17,000 advance amount with 24% interest to the petitioner. The forum has also directed the company to pay Rs 12,000 towards compensation and costs to the complainant within 30 days and the orders were dispatched to both the parties on December 21, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11432669", "title": "Shabnam Mausi to campaign for Rashtriya Viklang Party", "text": "KANPUR: Shabnam Mausi, the country's first eunuch MLA, reached Kanpur on a two-day visit. The MLA would campaign for the candidates of Rashtriya Viklang Party from Tuesday.Shabnam was given a warm welcome by the members of Rashtriya Viklang Party at Kanpur Central Railway Station.National president of RVP Virendra Kumar said that the workers are full of enthusiasm. Shabnam would be campaigning for the party candidates contesting Assembly elections.VN Pal, a senior member of RVP, said that Shabnam Mausi would be campaigning in the entire state for the party candidates and create awareness among the masses about the current crop of corrupt political leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429646", "title": "Scheme promising 18% has Pramod Agrawal echo", "text": "NAGPUR: Office in a downmarket locality, amateurish staff and claims of stupendous returns, all tell-tale signs of another dubious investment scheme in the making. Even as Pramod Agrawal affair that left thousands poorer is fresh in public memory, yet another firm launched a guaranteed returns scheme in the city on Sunday. NSG Capital, having its office in a residential colony at Manewada, has come up with a scheme offering 18% returns. The plan was launched at a grand function at Hotel Centre Point.The promoters include two youngsters, Sanjay Gupta and Ganesh Nimje, claiming to be builders, say that they are soliciting funds to be invested in a range of businesses. These include a manganese mine at Balaghat, film production, mineral water plant and a finance company.As TOI approached the company seeking details of the plan, Nimje who identified himself as co-director of the company, said, the minimum investible amount was Rs 5,000 with no upper limit. The amount can be withdrawn after six months, taking back 9% returns. If an amount of Rs 1 lakh is invested, the interest accrued can be paid on monthly basis too, he said. On the first day itself, the company had some customers inquiring about the plan.\"The investors' money will be equally parked in all the four businesses. Since soliciting deposits needs a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) permission, the investment will be accounted as subscription towards share capital of the company. The investment deed will also have clause guaranteeing 18% annual returns. The company is shortly starting its manganese mines in Balaghat with the product being directly exported to China,\" said Nimje.Gupta, who is the company's chairman, said \"we are already in real estate business that easily gives 35% to 40% returns, so giving 18% is not a big deal. NSG group has so far put in Rs 60 lakh as its own capital and a keyman insurance of Rs 50 crore has also been done. The insurance provides cover against the loss to this company in the event of chairman's death.Strangely, Gupta banks on the insurance policy for safeguarding investors' interest too. He claimed to have tied up with Thaokar Group that markets Thaokar brand of tobacco in the mining venture. The company's chairman Hitendra Thaokar, however, denied any such alliance. \"I just know him and he had offered to fund my business, but I turned down the proposal,\" Thaokar told TOI.The company also claimed to have links to with BJP MLA Vikas Kumbhare who also denied any such thing when contacted by TOI.Additional commissioner of police and in-charge of economic offences wing (EOW) Ravindra Kadam said although the police mainly acted on complaint it could also go ahead on the basis of any reliable information about a likely fraud.Financial consultant Ranjit Dani who expressed doubts over the scheme questioned why, with such a strong business idea in hand, the promoters did not approach a financial institution for funds. Any bank would lend at 12% to 14% interest so raising funds at 18% from the public makes no sense. He also rebuffed the claims of keyman insurance providing cover to investors' funds. \"The money which will be received only in case of the chairman's death will go to the company. If the company is banking on the insurance money, then the chairman will have to die too,\" he said.Satish Sarda, chairman of Nagpur branch of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), said investors should always be careful about such schemes especially if there are scanty details about type of business of the promoters' background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jagraon", "code": "11431523", "title": "Sarpanch arrested, 5 kg poppy husk seized", "text": "JAGRAON: Police have arrested a sarpanch, reportedly belonging to Shiromani Akali Dal, and recovered 5 kg poppy husk from her house in Ramgarh Bhullar village of Ludhiana district.Police seized the husk from the house of Mahinderpal Kaur, 42, and also recovered 904 bottles of country-made whisky from the house of her son, Gurnek Singh, 28, in the same village.Station house officer, Jagraon, Rashpal Singh said they had raided the house of the sarpanch following a tip-off. Police have registered a case under sections 15, 61, 85 of NDPS Act and the matter referred to excise department. Gurnek is a farmer by profession, he said.SSP, Ludhiana rural, Amar Singh Chahal said this was not for the first time that the family of Mahinderpal was involved in such illegal activities. A few months ago, a female relative of her was arrested with 35 kg poppy husk while any cases of smuggling are already registered against her family members.During preliminary investigation, Mahinderpal reportedly stated that her husband, Jagir Singh, is addicted to poppy husk, so they had stored the intoxicant for him, Chahal said.Gurnek had made a bunker in his house for storage of whisky and police were not aware about his motive behind storing such huge quantity of whisky at his place, he said. The department could not comment about his motive before his arrest, the SSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11430666", "title": "Stop Rushdie from coming, says Deoband", "text": "LUCKNOW: Although Salman Rushdie has visited India dozens of time since the row over 'The Satanic Verses' erupted and subsided almost two decades ago, the country's top Islamic seminary, Darul Uloom, Deoband, has chosen the eve of UP elections to demand that the author not be allowed to enter India. Rushdie is expected for the Jaipur literary festival later this month.This puts the Congress, which is wooing UP's Muslims, in a serious bind.Darul-Uloom's rector, Maulana Abdul Qasim Nomani, has appealed to the Centre and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi to deny author Salam Rushdie a visa, saying that \"the man whose blasphemous writings have hurt the sentiments of Muslims all over the world must not be allowed to set foot on Indian soil\".Trashing the Maulana's appeal may only derail efforts of the Congress to win over Muslims. Moreover, the 135-year-old seminary's clout extends beyond UP to across India.With its rector pressing for Sonia's intervention, the demand would be hard to ignore.\"We expect the government to be prompt and tough, the way it was over the Russian court's ban on Gita for allegedly promoting terror activities,\" Nomani said. \"Rushdie's visit is bound to affect the sentiments of the minority community and it must therefore evoke a sharp response as well. We hope that the government would not pursue a dual policy,\" Nomani added.\"The Gita ban had led to much heat in Parliament and the message from India was loud and clear. The 'hukoomat' must, therefore, send out an equally strong message by forcing a ban on the man known for mocking Islam and stands \"kharit\"(rejected) by Islam,\" the rector's appeal says.Chief spokesman of the seminary, Maulana Ashraf Usmani, said, \"We expect Hindus to support us. Last month, when Gita controversy was at its peak, Deoband was first to publicly condemn the proposed ban\".Meanwhile, Rushdie tweeted, \"my Indian visit, for the record , I don't need a visa.\"Times ViewThe Darul Uloom's demand that Salman Rushdie be denied a visa to attend a literary festival in India could be dismissed as absurd were it not for its timing. Surely those who run the seminary in Deoband are well aware that Rushdie has been to India several times since the 1988 release and subsequent ban of his controversial book Satanic Verses. That's what makes one suspect that the current demand is somehow linked to the upcoming polls in Uttar Pradesh. The government, however, shouldn't be pressured into denying him a visa. As always, the Indian-born British author should be allowed to come to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430419", "title": "Cheats use bluetooth, cell cameras to crack AIIMS test", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cheating in entrance exams has become sadly commonplace, but this gang took technological sophistication to another level. First, two of them scanned the question paper - for the first All India Post Graduate Medical Entrance Examination being conducted by AIIMS - using mobile phones strapped to the wrist, concealed under their shirt sleeves.The images were then transmitted to a control room and downloaded. The paper was solved, and the answers dictated to candidates who had bluetooth devices stitched near the collar and were wearing minute earphones to avoid detection.The Crime Branch of Delhi Police has arrested five persons, including the main accused, identified as Mohit Chaudhry, a second-year MBBS student studying in Ujjain.With the arrest of five persons, including a doctor and two MBA students, the Delhi Police on Monday claimed to have cracked an all-India post-graduate medical entrance racket at AIIMS.The main accused, Mohit Chaudhry, is a second-year MBBS student studying in Ujjain. Others arrested include two MBA graduates identified as Krishan Pratap (a graduate of IIMT Meerut) and Kapil Kumar (a graduate of Jamia Millia Islamia University). They led the operations from their Greater Noida home, which served as their control room.A computer programmer, identified as Bhishma Singh, who works for a private television channel, and one of the clients, Dr Amit Punia -- who completed his MBBS from PGI, Rohtak in 2011 -- have also been arrested. At least six other MBBS doctors who were appearing for the exam are under the scanner for allegedly paying the gang between Rs 30 lakh and 40 lakh each, claimed cops. The exam was being conducted by AIIMS this year under orders from the Supreme Court for admission into MD courses in government medical colleges across India.\"Our team nabbed the main accused, Mohit Chaudhry from Pragati Maidan after a tipoff. We had received inputs about the accused coming to the area in an Alto car. A trap was laid and we intercepted his car. A copy of the question paper along with several medical books was recovered from his possession. On his instance, other accused were nabbed from the examination centre - a school located in Noida. We are further investigating the case to ascertain more details and to find out at what level the gang was actually operating. Further arrests are likely,\" said Ashok Chand, DCP (Crime).Explaining the modus operandi of the accused, Chand said that in the first step, two online application forms for the exam were filled in the name of Krishan and Kapil -- who never enrolled for any MBBS course - using fake registration numbers.On Sunday, Krishan and Kapil, allegedly equipped with blue-tooth devices, entered the examination centre in sector 28 in Noida. They strapped their mobile phones to their wrists and wore coats with holes to allow the phone cameras to operate. According to the cops, the duo along with their client, Dr Punia, entered the examination hall evading all security checks. Sources claimed no physical examination of the examinees was carried out. The duo received the question paper and then used their mobile phone cameras to capture the images. Their mobiles had special software installed which automatically sent the photos in an email to a pre-decided user, cops said. The images were allegedly immediately transmitted to Bhishma, sitting at their 'control room' in Noida. Bhishma Singh allegedly received the images, downloaded them and took a print out of the question paper and handed it over to the main accused, Mohit, cops said. Mohit allegedly solved the papers using six medical books and with the help of some seniors and began to dictate the answers to his candidates. DCP Chand said Mohit had dictated just two answers to the 300 questions and was in the process of dictating more answers over the phone when he was nabbed from Pragati Maidan by constable Raja Ram , who had received a tip-off.\"He was interrogated during which he accepted his involvement and told the cops the names of his associates. Immediately, a team was sent to nab the rest of the accused. Cops nabbed Kapil and Krishan from the examination centre as they were preparing to flee from the centre and on their instance nabbed one of their clients, identified as Dr Amit Punia from there,'' said Chand. Sources though said Kapil and Krishan were the first to be nabbed along with Punia.\"We had information and the name of the accused. We set up an inspector as a dummy candidate who caught the three accused red handed from the examination centre,'' claimed the source.Five high-end mobile phones, two minute earphones, six shirts with bluetooth devices stitched to them, one printer, one Maruti Alto and six medical books have also been seized. One of the teams was also sent to the controller of examination at AIIMS to have the papers tallied. He confirmed that the recovered question paper from the accused was a copy of the original. When contacted, Nand Kumar, dean, academics of AIIMS told cops they were ready to extend all cooperation for the probe but said cancellation of the examination immediately was out of the question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11433433", "title": "Leopard attack victim suspected to be murdered", "text": "GUWAHATI: A day after leopard attack victim Debo Kumar Das was found dead in his house at Silpukhuri, the incident took a new turn on Monday with his family suspecting foul play and saying Das did not die of his injuries.State forest and environment minister Rockybul Hussain too said Das's death was suspicious; he added the department is waiting for the postmortem report. \"We discussed his death with wildlife experts who denied the possibility of Das succumbing to the injuries caused by the leopard. Everything will be clear once the postmortem report is out,\" said the minister.Even the doctor who treated him expressed his doubts and said Das's injuries were not fatal. Das had sustained minor injuries on his face and head on Saturday when a stray leopard injured him at his Silpukhuri home.\"I was surprised to know that Debo Das died. He was not seriously injured. Though I gave him a few stitches, his injuries were not at all fatal,\" said Paban Kumer Padmapati, a surgeon at Mahendra Mohan Chaudhury Hospital.Das, who was living alone here, was found dead in his bedroom on Sunday morning when one of his tenants went to his house to enquire about his health.Das's mother, Bina Das, who was in Dibrugarh during the incident said, \"I suspect Debo was killed. He was in a property dispute with his cousin.\"Chandmari police who are investigating the case have registered a case (01/2012) of unnatural death. \"There is no case murder registered yet. If the family files a case then we are ready to act on it. We are waiting for the postmortem report,\" said city SP Apurba Jiban Baruah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11433866", "title": "Hypersonic missile to be ready in five years", "text": "COIMBATORE: With the air-version of BrahMos missile likely to be inducted in IAF within a year,works have already been started to develop BrahMos 2, the fastest Hypersonic missile in the world, which would take final shape in five years, a top scientist said.While the BrahMos missile has the speed of Mach 3 (speed of sound) moving at one km per second, the Hypersonic missile would achieve a speed of Mach 6 to Mach 7, double than that of the present missile, A Sivathanu Pillai, CEO and Managing Director, BrahMos Aerospace, told PTI.\"We have the guidelines and technology to make Hypersonic missile. However, tests have to be conducted for configuring with the propulsion and the engine and flight tested, which would take at least five years,\" Pillai said.Once operational, BrahMos 2 would be the fastest missile in the world,he said.Having achieved the land and sea versions of BrahMos missile, the air version was in the final stage and after carrying out the critical test,it would be inducted into the Indian Air Force to use in Sukhoi-30,the main striking aircraft.The missile would be a versatile system in the Defence Force, he said. Asked about enquiries from foreign Countries, Pillai said that since there was no equivalent to the BrahMos, many countries were queuing up for the missile for use in multiple platforms in their force.However, there was huge requirement of this missile in India and only after fulfilling the demand, the company can think of supplying to foreign countries, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429654", "title": "Hubby, in-laws booked for woman's suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Police have registered an offence against a man and his parents for their alleged role in death of a woman who ended life at her rented apartment in Sevadal Nagar on Sunday evening. Manisha Bhange, in her 20s, committed suicide by hanging herself in the kitchen with saree. Her family members alleged that she was being tortured for 2 lakh dowry.Manisha was married to Mangesh in February last year. Manisha's kin, assembled at Ajni police station, claimed that she was regularly being harassed for money. They were demanding that husband and his family be booked for Manisha's death.Police have already arrested Mangesh while his father Vithalrao and mother Manda are yet to be taken into custody. It is learnt that Vithalrao is a defence employee. Ajni police have slapped the trio with the charges of torturing for dowry and abetting Manisha's suicide. Mangesh, who has a mobile phone repairing centre, wanted to expand his business. He apparently demanded the dowry to invest in the business, said Manisha's father Marotrao Hinge. \"My daughter was being physically and mentally abused. The torture started just a fortnight after marriage. She would complain of this to us,\" he said. Hinge is a railway employee at Tasa.The case was reported to Kalamna police after Manisha was dumped at her cousin's place by her husband and in-laws around five months ago. The matter was then settled with intervention of seniors from both families and social workers. However, the harassment went on even after this, said Manisha's family members.The couple had recently shifted to Sevadal Nagar to stay separately from Vithalrao and Manda. On Sunday afternoon, Manish's younger brother Narendra and mother Kalabai went to meet her. Narendra said he was assaulted and abused by Mangesh. \"I was insulted and so was my mother.We decided to leave the place with Manisha. But Mangesh assured he would bring her the following day,\" he said. \"We got a call in the evening that Manisha was in hospital,\" he said.Her family members also were suspicious of the fact that Mangesh did not inform the police but instead brought down the body himself and took it to GMCH. \"Police should have been informed before touching the body,\" said an aggrieved relative.The body was taken to Ajni police station by Manisha's kin after post-mortem. They demanded action against Manisha's husband and others before agreeing to take it away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11431456", "title": "Now, upper caste youth attack dalits for playing DJ at wedding", "text": "ROHTAK: The marriage function of a dalit youth was violently disrupted by a group of upper caste youth, which resulted in injuries to eight persons, including two women, in Gurthali village of Jind district on Sunday night.The miscreants allegedly tried to forcibly stop DJ being played at the wedding venue and also molested some women. On being opposed, they assaulted the groom's family and guests. A case has been registered against seven persons and police have been deployed in the village as a precautionary measure.The incident comes nearly a month after a dalit youth was forcibly stopped from undertaking elephant ride by some upper caste youth in Devsar village of Bhiwani, reflecting continued bias and narrow mindset among upper caste members towards dalits in rural Haryana.Police sources said the incident occurred when family members and guests at the marriage function of a dalit youth Gurvinder Singh, son of Prathi Singh, were dancing to the tunes of DJ near their house. Soon, some upper caste youth arrived there and started making vulgar comments on women at the function.When the dalits opposed their indecent behaviour, a youth, Zodha, along with other accomplices, turned violent and forcibly stopped playing of DJ. Soon they started beating up people gathered at the wedding venue. Those injured in the incident were identified as Jagshir, Gurmit, Manjeet, Ompal, Gurmit Devi, Sharti Devi, Mewa Singh and Jagta, sources said.Police have registered a case on the complaint of a dalit youth, Bindra, who identified the accused as Zodha, Makkar, Ramniwas, Surender, Balraj, Desa and Jasminder.Investigating officer in the case, Suresh Kumar , said police force has been deployed in the village, but the accused were absconding. \"Police teams have been raiding suspected hideouts to nab the accused and hope to arrest them soon\", he said, adding that the situation is peaceful in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430300", "title": "Dental college faces closure, pupils to be transferred", "text": "MUMBAI: For eight months, every student of Guardian Dental College (GDC) in Ambernath has not been attending classes. Reason: no lectures are being held there.Recently, both Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) and Dental Council of India (DCI) withdrew the college's rights to admit new students. So, students claimed, the college management left them in the lurch and abruptly ended classes.That was followed by several students' protests, which led to the MUHS conducting an inspection and then coming up with a way to protect the interests of these pupils. The university has decided that the college should be shut down and all 57 students, from the first, second and third years, be shifted to other private institutes.Dr Mansing Pawar, dean of Government Dental College (Mumbai), who is on the MUHS inspection panel, said students would have to fill in their preferences in the next two days and then be shifted to a new institute. \"We have put up the number of vacant seats, which each private college has, on the university website. Students can fill in their choices accordingly,\" said Dr Pawar.GDC began operations in 2009 under the aegis of Shaan Education Society. The university's inspection report said the college did not have the required infrastructure; there weren't enough faculty members either. Students alleged that many of them paid the fees and were hoping that the MUHS would settle the matter with the new college they are transferred to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431036", "title": "State ministers perform poorly at the investment inviting session", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan government's session aimed at luring investments to the state went completely off the track at the concluding day of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas.Instead of listing the investment opportunities existing in the state, senior ministers from the Ashok Gehlot government almost dedicated the session to countering what Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi said earlier in the day to entice investors to his state.The dismal performances by the state ministers annoyed the potential investors among the non-resident Indians (NRIs) and People of Indian Origin (PIOs) so much that they jeered these ministers and the session turned chaotic a couple of times. The situation turned so ugly towards the end of the session-that overshot its scheduled time because of the ministers' lengthy and off the track speeches-that the final speaker, urban development and housing minister Shanti Dhariwal had to ask the irritated participants to listen or leave the venue.The NRI and PIO participants were put off as the ministers failed to succinctly tell them the investment opportunities available in the state. Chaos started during the presentation by the tourism department. When tourism minister Bina Kak asked the department's principal secretary Usha Sharma to make a power-point presentation, the officer read out a lengthy description of the tourism promotion works done in the state. Sharma, however, missed out listing the investment prospects available in the state's tourism sector.\"We want to know what are the investment opportunities available in this sector,\" an agitated youngster among the audiences got up to demand. He was joined by many others among the participants, asking the ministers to be brief and focused in outlining the investment avenues available in the state.Energy minister Jitendra Singh, nonetheless, made the same mistake and gave another lengthy speech that was high on emotions and little on content about the investment opportunities available in the state's energy sector. \"We have listed the investment attractions in the booklets provided to you,\" the minister said, to the astonishment of the audiences.Industries minister Rajendra Pareek somewhat made up for his colleagues' faults. \"We assure you time-bound clearance and accountability for all investment projects. We offer the single-window system to the investors,\" Pareek emphasised. But like Dhariwal and Singh, the industries ministers also could not restrain himself from countering Modi.Earlier, principal secretary (industries) Sunil Arora mentioned how industrialists who invested in states like Haryana, Himachal Pradesh or from south Indian states were turning to Rajasthan considering its investor-friendly environment. Commissioner (investments and NRIs) Purushottam Agarwal talked about the new sectors where investments in the state would pay off. The ceramic, glass and automotive industries and the information technology enabled services were fast growing sectors in the state, said Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430956", "title": "Tardy progress in cluster scheme", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a year after the Delhi government launched the bus cluster scheme, only two sets of such buses have become operational. On Sunday, another route was added to the cluster kitty, bringing the total number of routes under this scheme to eight, while the total number of buses plying is around 200. The government plans to have 11,000 buses as part of public transport by 2013, of which 60 per cent will be cluster buses.Sunday's addition to the cluster operations is route number 901, which runs between Kamla Market to Mongolpuri Y block via Red Fort, ISBT and Wazirpur. The other routes on which cluster buses are running are 411, 419, 522, 469 and 534 from cluster 1, accounting for around 100-odd buses. Clusters 3, 4 and 5 - which were launched as a single entity in November - have another 100 buses, of which 24 were added on Sunday with the new route. The other route on which this group cluster runs is the Teevra Mudrika from Punjabi Bagh crossing on the Ring Road.The state government had promised to meet the city's public transport demand by 2010, which later got delayed to 2013. With only a year to go, bringing the bus capacity anywhere near the ideal figure of 11,000 seems to be difficult, admit government officials. Said a senior official, \"The lack of depot space has severely delayed the launch of the cluster buses. It's been difficult finding the appropriate space, though now some plots have been made available.\" These include the Millennium Depot, the Kanjhawala depot as well as the depots that came up during the Commonwealth Games - Sunehri and Kushak Nullah.However, with infrastructure yet to be set up in the latter two and the Kanjhawala depot, starting the full strength of the cluster buses is not possible, admit officials closely associated with the project.Said an official, \"Under the agreement with the concessionaires, the first cluster is to operate 231 buses on 32 routes while the set of routes in the next clusters is 69, with 450 buses plying. This can only be taken up once space has been made available.\" As a result, barely 200 buses are plying on the roads under the cluster scheme at present though transport minister Arvinder Singh Lovely had claimed that 4,000 buses would be added this year. Sources say that will happen only if the space requirement as well as additional operational and technical fees demanded by DIMTS for the scheme are met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11435543", "title": "More love is all I want: Hrithik Roshan", "text": "Actor Hrithik Roshan turned 38 today. There's a small party that has been organised at his home for family and close friends. \"It's the best time to catch up,\" the actor tells up when we call him to wish him on his big day.So what does he ask for on his birthday? \"Well, I ask for more love... more love to give and more love to get. I hope I do such good work that my fans love me so much and more.\"Hrithik's Agneepath is all set to release this month. \"I wish it does well. A good response can't be a birthday gift, but I hope it makes my Republic Day that much more special. We have worked hard on the movie,\" he says.While much is being said about his camaraderie with Shah Rukh, even a war with Salman Khan is being insinuated. \"I love them both. They are great inspirations. There's no war with anybody. Only peace and then some more peace,\" insists the birthday boy!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11437190", "title": "Indian IT: How Bangalore is getting 'Philippined'", "text": "BANGALORE: Many medium enterprises in IT/ITeS sector from Hyderabad and Bangalore are shifting or expanding their bases in the Philippines owing to concerns pertaining to infrastructure, cost of doing business and availability of skilled labour, an ASSOCHAM survey said.ASSOCHAM referred to current developments taking place in the southern part of the country, and said that it clearly indicates that India's prominence as an Information Technology/Information Technology Enabled Services (IT/ITeS) hub is fast fading away.\"The driving forces are multitude, ranging from ease of doing business, availability of abundant English speaking workforce at lower wages, better infrastructure to government incentives\", said D S Rawat, Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India.\"It is imperative for Governments at the Centre and States to quickly initiate remedial measures on war-footing to stem the loss as the capital flight will not only severely affect the growth and employment but threaten India's leadership in the knowledge industry,\" he said.According to the just concluded ASSOCHAM Eco Pulse (AEP) Study titled \"Sustaining India's IT/ITeS Leadership\", the prevailing macroeconomic and sectoral conditions have been resulting in a shifting of ITeS/BPO industry away from India to the Philippines, especially from Hyderabad and Bangalore.Such a trend is yet not being noticed in the National Capital Region and Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11433126", "title": "Record earnings from helmet fine in state capital", "text": "RANCHI: In case of road accidents, people usually blame the police for poor handling of traffic and commuters. However, a recent police data show that the fault does not lie alone with police.According to the data, there were more than 452 accidents in the capital in the past six months. SSP Saket Singh said, \"In 2011, a total of Rs 1,05,72,905 was collected as fines from the people who were found breaking rules and not wearing helmets.\"In June, the fine collected was Rs 19,53,670, which was the highest in the year as the helmet-checking drive started for the first time then. The recent drive, started on December 5, collected as of now Rs 17.9 lakh.\"Road safety is a collective responsibility. The data shows that people are themselves not bothered about their safety because if they were we wouldn't have collected such a huge sum as penalty,\" said Singh.\"The role of the police is to make people aware of traffic rules and punish them by taking fines in case rules are violated. The happiest day in my life will be when we will not have to collect a single rupee as fine,\" he said.Out of 452 accidents, most involve youths. \"Youths are carefree and speed loving and so they usually drive at break-neck speed. It is a collective responsibility of the police, media, teachers and parents to make them aware of road rules,\" said Singh.After they started the drive, 70-80% people started wearing helmets whereas earlier, only 40% riders would wear them. \"This is no doubt an achievement but we will continue the drive till everyone wears a helmet,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11434033", "title": "Upkar is armed with warm love", "text": "Upkar Kaur, 69, never let her physical deformity come in way of her passion for knitting. Leave her with a ball of wool and some knitting needles, and you'll get beautiful cardigans and sweaters.In 1947, when she was just three-years-old, she was hit with a bullet in her left arm which left her arm shorter in size. The born fighter says, \"Prior to Independence, we used to live in a city called Mian Channu and when we were coming to India my left arm got injured. But I did not let it dampen my spirit to learn.''Upkar's sweaters, which are a big hit among her children and grandchildren, are adorned with beautiful buttons and zips to give them a readymade look. She said, \"I just completed making a sweater for my grandson who studies in Jaipur. And now I'm making a grey colour cardigan for my sister-in-law.''A retired school teacher, Upkar learned knitting at the age of 18 from her sisters. And today, she loves knitting so much that she describes her perfect winter day as one where she could sit in her favourite chair and knit all day long. She said, \"Since childhood, I was never interested in cooking or household work. Then one day I discovered my passion for knitting and learned the same from my elder sisters when I was just 18-years-old. I got married at the age of 21 and since then I've been knitting sweaters for my family.''A retired school teacher, Upkar learned knitting at the age of 18 from her sisters. She said, \"Today, with all the commercialization and huge variety available, very few people knit sweaters and prefer to purchase from the market. But I insist that my children and grandchildren wear handmade woollens since they are warmer.''Upkar's daughter-in-law, Ravneet Kaur, said, \"I'm not very fond of knitting and had knitted only once when my son was about be born. My mother-in-law knits for the entire family.'' She added, \"One of our relative is going to celebrate Lohri of their newborn and my mother-in-law has already made a sweater for the baby.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11431201", "title": "Lack of parking space for buses irks residents", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a narrow escape for software engineer Raja Ram on Sunday evening as he was about to be knocked down by a transport bus. Though he was walking on the pavement near the Chungam depot of TNSTC's Coimbatore division, the bus came dangerously close to him. The bus was about to be parked on the roadside as there was no space inside the depot.While efforts are on to improve the public transport system by introducing many new buses on the city roads, the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation's Coimbatore Division is facing a peculiar problem about parking these vehicles in the limited spaces available in depots across the city.After dusk, many buses line up one after the other on the main roads for want of parking space. This is creating a problem not only for the corporation, but is also posing a threat to pedestrians and motorists.\"More than 40 buses occupy the road after evening hours. Drivers park carelessly, which not only reduces the space on the road but also exposes the motorist to danger,\" said Raja Ram. Off late parking of buses on the road have increased many fold and officials have taken no measures to ensure that buses are parked inside the depots, he said.A senior transport official on condition of anonymity accepted there was a problem, saying there were only eight depots in the city to accommodate the growing number of buses operating in the city and suburbs. The corporation operates at least 1490 buses in the city which the existing depots cannot accommodate. Each existing depot can accommodate only 60 buses at a time. The eight depots in the city are in Ukkadam, Chungam, Ondipudur, Oppilpalayam, Maruthamalai and Mettupalayam. However there is a need for five more depots to accommodate all the buses. \"If another five depots are set up in Annur, Ondipudur, Cheran Ma Nagar, Sulur and Kinathakadavu, it would be much easier to park all buses inside the depot,\" the official said.To set up these depots the corporation would requires at least two acres of land. But going by the present land price and the huge accumulated losses incurred by corporation, it is incapable of purchasing the land. The government should help the corporation by allocating some funds for constructing these depots, the official said.\"We have already brought the issue to the attention of the corporation and the government,\" said P Kaliappan, state secretary, CITU Transport union. The buses can easily be damaged by miscreants if they are parked outside, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11435221", "title": "Vishwajeet Pradhan getting new offers", "text": "By this month end the dangerous and cunning Brahmanand Jakhar will not disturb the audience with his evil plans any more.Star Plus'popular show Maryada Lekin Kab Tak is coming to a logical end. The actor who plays the powerful Jakhar -- Vishwajeet Pradhan -- is having mixed emotions. On one end, he is sad that hisshow coming to an end but on the other side he has also started getting offers from different production houses.Understandably, all of them want to take this opportunity to offer Pradhan some nice tailor made role for him. \"\"I have been getting offers from different producers but I have not yet discuused with them in detail. I will soon do that and come to a conclusion.\"\" Strangely. unlike the big screen, he has not done an out and out positive character in the small screen.He has an image of a bad man in small screen. \"\"I have absolutely no problem on doing a negative character. If that matches up to my acting caliber, I will definitely do that. There is an example of the great Praan Saab, who started doing positive roles after becoming famous for his negative roles. \"\" After playing the parallel lead in a daily soap, Viswajeet is ready to jump on the next project. Ask him what he is going to do in his free time after this and you get a reply instantly \"\" I have only one hobby and that is acting. It's my passion, my hobby so I don't need a break to pursue my hobby.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11431156", "title": "Man accused of stealing water", "text": "COIMBATORE: A man who allegedly sold water from his bore well was stopped by Coimbatore MP, PR Natarajan and a group of locals. The house owner had allegedly dug a bore well for domestic use 15 days ago. When residents discovered that he was selling the water, they were angered as this would reduce the water in their area.Two months ago M Mahendran, 30, of Annapoorna Layout, Sidhapudur bought a house near the residence of Coimbatore Lok Sabha MP, P R Natarajan. Fifteen days ago, he dug a rig bore in his compound. When he was questioned by residents, Mahendran said that he was digging the well as he was facing water scarcity. Police said that he dug around 900 feet. For the last three days his neighbours saw many trucks coming to take water.Natrajan said that neighbours complained to him. On Monday, he went to his house, along with a few residents. They blocked one of the trucks that had come to collect water. Corporation officials and police were informed. Police rushed to the spot and seized the lorry that is lodged at Corporation Office in North Zone.\"If water is taken in huge quantities, it may be depleted soon. Also, trucks driving in residential areas will congest traffic,\" he said. Corporation officials have allegedly disconnected his water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "yamunanagar ", "code": "11431443", "title": "Yamunanagar Red Cross to put up calendars of blood donors in govt offices", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR : In a rare initiative of its kind, the authorities in the district Red Cross Society have decided to put up the calendars having photographs of prominent and regular blood donors from the district in all government offices, especially those into the public dealing.Targeted to encourage the old blood donors and motivate new ones, the calendars which are published by society shall be put up along with official calendars provided by the public relation department for government offices.Enquiries revealed that among those persons whose pictures shall appear in the calendar shall be those who have donated blood for more then 75 times. All this shall be in addition to providing chairs to the blood donors who have completed 50 donations in the district.Chairs shall be provided in all government departments and shall be reserved for blood donors only, informed Shyam Sunder, the secretary of DCRS here.Ashok Sangwan, deputy commissioner, Yamunanangar confirmed the initative started by the administration. \"Though, blood donation is a habit where you require minimum efforts. All what we are doing is giving respect the area donors. Since locals are more identical, hence their photographs published on calendar shall attract others and would motivate them to be a donor,'' Sangwan said.This is a pilot project and we shall strongly recommend the same to higher authorities for implementation in other districts as well, added Sangwan.Notably, this is the second such innovative move came from Shyam Sunder who is one of the main crusaders of menance of female feticide through campaigns. He was the first to start the concept of Aathwan vachan (eighth promise) where in newly-weds take the pledge of not going for sex determination tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431524", "title": "Cleaning drive begins at social science dept", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A massive cleanliness drive was flagged off by Panjab University authorities outside the University Institute of Emerging Areas of Social Sciences (UIEASS) on Monday. Vice Chancellor R C Sobti visited the area where a virtual slum has come up due to prolonged construction work in the building for over a year now.TOI on January 7 had highlighted how students of UIEASS were having a tough time due to unhygienic conditions both outside and inside the department. Shifted in this current building a year ago, the students faced a tough time studying with constant construction noise within the block.The VC came to UIEASS to kickstart the cleanliness drive on Monday along with several PU employees. Although the area is still to be cleaned up completely, it is a relief for students, added Sunny Mehta, a student of UIEASS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429884", "title": "5 in fray for final VC interview", "text": "PUNE: The search panel for the appointment of a new vice-chancellor (VC) at the University of Pune (UoP) has shortlisted the names of five candidates for the final interview by the state governor and chancellor.On Monday, the panel held individual interactions with the 19 candidates left in the race after scrutiny of the 150-odd applications it had received, at the Yashwantrao Chavan Academy of Development Administration (Yashada). The panel will submit a report to the governor's office on Tuesday.A senior official of the higher and technical education department said, \"The governor's office will take a call on when to declare the new VC's name, considering that a petition challenging the selection process is slated for hearing on January 23.\"Director of UoP's board of college and university development (BCUD) W N Gade, former BCUD chief and physics department head Pandit Vidyasagar, chemistry department head D D Dhavale, director of UoP's institute of bio-informatics and biotechnology B A Chopade, and former law faculty dean Dilip S Ukey were among the prominent figures from the university to participate in the individual interaction.Some other candidates hailed from institutions in Delhi, Mumbai and other places in the state. \"The interaction was more of an opportunity for the concerned candidate to unveil his vision for the university's development and progress over the next five years in view of the anticipated challenges in the field of higher education ,\" one of these aspirants told TOI.The post for the VC fell vacant in September last year, after the then occupant, R K Shevgaonkar, was appointed director of the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi. Senior IAS officer Sanjay Chahande, who is director general of Yashada, has since held the additional charge of officiating Vice -chancellor.A three-member search panel under former chief justice of Punjab and Haryana high court Mukul Mudgal was constituted to recommend five names to the governor's office for final selection. Director of the Bangalore-based Institute for Social and Economic Change R S Deshpande and principal secretary to the higher and technical education department Sanjay Kumar are the other members on the panel.Recently, the state government had submitted to the high court that the new VC's name would not be declared till the court settled the petition, which is due for the next hearing on January 23.\"The University Grants Commission (UGC) is expected to take a position on the state government's revised norms for appointment of VCs introduced in 2009-10, which reduced the number of members on the search panel from five to three, among other things,\" the official said.According to the new process, the search panel is headed by an eminent jurist or retired high court judge. Besides, it comprises a well-known person jointly nominated by the academic and the management councils of the concerned university and the principal secretary to the higher and technical education department. The petition in the high court challenges the validity of a search panel without a UGC representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11437056", "title": "Infosys, TCS to post robust profits on rupee fall", "text": "NEW DELHI: Helped by a sharp depreciation in rupee, Indian IT companies are expected to post an average earning growth of up to 23 per cent for the third quarter of the current fiscal.Experts believe that the sharp rise in profitability would be largely driven by a depreciating rupee vis-a-vis the US dollar.\"We expect our IT coverage universe to register earnings growth of 23 per cent on the back of strong 31 per cent top-line growth,\" brokerage firm Angel Broking said in a report.Religare Institutional Research, part of Religare group, said in another report that IT companies may register an average of 17.8 per cent rise in profitability in October-December quarter of the current fiscal.Besides, revenue growth of these firms are expected to around 29.2 per cent in the third quarter, Religare said.Among others, large software exporters such as Tata Consultancy Services , Infosys and Wipro would report a positive impact of the currency market trends, when they report their earnings for the September-December quarter.Profitability of companies like TCS, Infosys and Wipro is expected to rebound by a healthy 25.1 per cent, 23.4 per cent and 12.8 per cent, respectively, resulting in combined average profit after tax growth of 21.6 per cent.In addition, sales growth for these top three IT service providers in year-on-year terms is expected to be about 31.3 per cent.Echoing a similar view, Wellindia Group said that growth would continue for the major big IT companies such as TCS, Infosys, Wipro etc. In addition, tier-I IT companies are expected to register strong earnings growth, earnings for mid-tier IT companies are likely to be a mixed bag.\"...But pressure would continue on Mid-cap IT companies like Patni, Persistent Systems , Mphasis etc,\" said Vivek K Negi Head (Research and Training) at Wellindia Group.He further said, \"With the revival in the US economy the major IT companies in India would show steady performance in terms of top-line. But weak rupee would add to the bottom-line of these companies.\"The rupee has fallen more than 8 per cent against the US dollar in the third quarter to close at 53.10/11 on December 30, and this is expected to result in a margin boost to the extent of 200 to 300 basis points. Besides, demand for IT solutions also remains better than expected, leading to modest volume growth.The report said that employee cost would put pressure on the bottom-line of the companies.\"We can expect increase in business from Africa, Asia and Australia whereas, there would be significant decline in the orders from Europe and the US,\" Negi added.Overall, Sensex companies are expected to maintain healthy top-line growth momentum, with projected growth of 18.5 per cent year-on-year in sales. However, growth is likely to be slower than the 23 per cent increase witnessed in the second quarter of the current fiscal.On the bottom-line front, margin woes are likely to continue, leading to low 7.7 per cent year-on-year earnings growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433606", "title": "Shammi Kapoor\u2019s \u2018Gulbadan\u2019, Kalpana Mohan, dies at 65", "text": "The actress who made Shammi Kapoor sing 'Khuli palak mein jhoota gussa' loses a long battle with cancerYesteryear actress Kalpana Mohan passed away on the morning of January 4 at the Poona Hospital and Research Centre. The 65-year-old, who charmed audiences with her youthful features and tip-tilted eyes in movies such as Professor and Teen Deviyan, had been battling cancer for five years, and was being treated at Ruby Hall Clinic.She was admitted in hospital on December 3 following a pneumonia attack. She was discharged on December 13 and taken home, but re-admitted two hours later, after she suffered convulsions on the left side of her body.She was put on a ventilator and was in the intensive care unit (ICU) for 15 days. Kalpana's daughter Preeti Mansukhani and son-in-law Harish were at her side through the ordeal. Her final rites were performed at the Vaikunth crematorium amidst family and close friends.Harish said that the family had kept Kalpana's death under wraps. \"We didn't want to talk about her death as we knew that many people had their eye on her property,\" Harish said.Kalpana was in the news recently when she filed a complaint at the Khadak Police Station in Pune, claiming that three people had forged her signature to make a fake memorandum of understanding (MoU), and then sold the 56.18 hectare plot she owned in Mauje Visagar village to Sahara City builders in 2007. Harish said that Kalpana had been anxious and tense ever since, and the episode had left her very weak.\"However, now we know that the police have arrested those she complained against, and the matter is sub-judice,\" added Harish.Remembering Kalpana as a spirited, straight-spoken person, Harish said, \"I remember when Preeti and I had just started dating. She came to my house and asked me what my intentions were - if I was going to marry her daughter. She was always very protective of Preeti.\"Preeti remembers her mother fondly. 'She was always so brave.She raised me alone and made sure I got the best education possible. She was a self-made woman and was proud of it.\"Kalpana had a brief but successful stint in Bollywood in the 60s and 70s, starring with actors like Dev Anand and Shammi Kapoor, but stopped after she got married. Later, she moved to Kalyani Nagar, in the eastern region on Pune, and spent her remaining years there.Knowing KalpanaKalpana Mohan was born in Srinagar on July 18, 1946. Her father, Avani Mohan, a freedom fighter, was close to Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and an active member of the All India Congress Committee. Kalpana, who trained in Kathak, was often invited by Nehru to dance at the Rashtrapati Bhavan whenever dignitaries visited.She was spotted by actor Balraj Sahani and Urdu writer Ismat Chughtai, who encouraged her to come to Mumbai. Kalpana got her first break in the movie Professor in 1962.In 1967, she married a navy officer, but divorced him in 1972.She continued to live in Mumbai for a while but stopped acting, allegedly, depressed over the divorce.Kalpana moved to Pune about 20 years ago when her health started deteriorating as doctors prescribed a change of climate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11431320", "title": "Expect clear skies in a day or two", "text": "LUCKNOW: The cloudy skies cleared on Monday giving way to sunshine during the day. The maximum temperature was 18.5 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal, and minimum temperature was 9.3 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal.However, the night temperature will now drop due to revival of dry icy winds. Foggy conditions will continue in the city and night temperatures will fall in coming days.State Met director J P Gupta said that the cyclonic circulation responsible for rains and cloudy weather for last few days has weakened. The weather in west and Central UP will remain dry on Tuesday, whereas some parts of east UP may receive light rains, he added. The skies would be clear across the state by Wednesday and thereafter, the night temperature would fall, he said. The minimum temperature in city on Tuesday is expected to be around 8 degrees Celsius. There will be no significant change in maximum temperature.According to reports reaching state Met headquarters, cold day conditions abated in some part of the west UP on Monday, but in east UP temperatures during the day were 5-9 degrees below normal. While Hardoi and Bareilly recorded 13.2 degrees Celsius maximum temperature each, Allahabad recorded 13.6 degrees Celsius, Shahjahanpur 13.8 degrees Celsius, Kanpur 14.4 degrees Celsius and Aligarh 15.4 degrees Celsius. However, in terms of minimum temperature, Etawah was the coldest with 4.2 degrees Celsius.According to the central Met department, rain and thundershowers may occur at one or two places over east UP during the next 24 hours and mainly dry weather would prevail thereafter. Visibility would reduce to 200 metres or less in dense fog mainly in morning hours over some areas on Tuesday. However, west UP may experience cold wave conditions with ground frost during the next 48 hours. As per the definition of the Met department, cold wave conditions occur when the minimum temperature drops five degrees or more below normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429747", "title": "Villages to be shifted for NH-31 expansion", "text": "PATNA: Around a dozen villages located along the national highway (NH)-31 as it moves towards Purnia beyond Khagaria would require shifting of their positions from the land of the NH-31 on which they are settled, as this NH is in the process of being converted into a four-lane road.After Khagaria, the NH-31 passes through the perennial flood plain of the Kosi and a few rivulets that meander and flow through the northern terrain of Khagaria and Bhagalpur districts. In the two districts, this NH runs in the east-west direction. The sight of displaced people camping along this road with their cattle and things saved and salvaged is a familiar phenomenon during the peak of monsoon, when the floodwaters take menacing form.\"At present, the work order has been given for the reconstruction of the two-lane 20-km Pasraha stretch. The work order regarding the remaining part of NH-31 for its conversion into four-lane road will be given in course,\" said road construction department minister Nand Kishore Yadav , adding: \"The villages on the NH land will be shifted.\"\"The district administrations of the two districts have been alerted about the problem of permanent encroachment at a few points on NH-31,\" said an official of the NH wing of the road construction department, adding: \"These encroachments have to be cleared to facilitate reconstruction of the NH to make it a four-lane road. The 20-km Pasraha stretch on it would be two-lane.\" It is learnt that the districts concerned were alerted about the removal of encroachments, before the work order was given to a particular company after global tender.As the situation is, for the last several decades, people displaced by flood caused by the Kosi and a few rivulets flowing through the area have settled along the northern flank of NH-31, since it is at a higher level than the flood plain. Their settlements have acquired the form of villages. However, their number is not large. Though the Ganga flows through the stretch on the south of NH-31, people affected by its flood water also get displaced, but these people, for the last several decades, have settled on high lands, including on the sides of roads which are far away from NH-31.\"People displaced by floods have settled along the northern side of NH-31, mostly in parts of Khagaria and Bhagalpur districts. Its section in Purnia district, by and large, is free of encroachment,\" said the official associated with the NH wing. According to him, the advantage of NH-31 in the two districts was that 60 feet land along it in most of the region have been marked out, and has not been encroached. \"Therefore, the conversion of NH-31 into a four-lane road would not be much encumbered by the problem of encroachment,\" the official said, adding: \"Yet, wherever encroachment of that land is, it has to be cleared by the district administrations concerned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433713", "title": "Having a blast!", "text": "The party people of Chennai might have had a blast welcoming the New Year in their own inimitable style.But now that things have started setting into a routine of their own, the young folks are back to their old ways - working hard and partying even harder. The action at this popular pub bordered on the delirious as the pub-hoppers made their way into its premises. Boosted by the music and the vibe around the place, these hotsteppers made most of the night - chatting away and shaking a leg to some pulsating tracks spun by the DJ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11431789", "title": "More booths to be set up for polling stations exceeding 1,500 voters", "text": "NOIDA: Given the increase in number of voters in Gautam Budh Nagar, the district administration has decided to open additional booths at some polling stations in the three assembly seats of Noida, Dadri and Jewar. The additional booths would be opened where the number of voters has exceeded the 1,500 mark.After consulting representatives of all political parties, the administration wrote to the state election commission in September to allow for additional EVMs in all such booths.\"Polling officials face a severe time crunch where the number of voters is more,\" said ADM (E), Sushil Kumar Maurya. \"In light of this, additional EVMs will be installed,\" added Maurya.In Noida, additional booths would be set up in 30 polling stations. Similarly, in Dadri assembly, additional booths would be set up in five polling stations and three in Jewar assembly. The administration has also made minor changes in locations of polling stations in Noida and Dadri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430015", "title": "Four cops injured in clash with mob", "text": "KOLKATA: At least four policemen were injured and a police jeep was damaged after a clash broke out between the policemen and a mob at JC Road near Khardah in North 24-Parganas on Monday morning. The fight broke out following a police raid in connection with the murder of Atiyar Rahaman, a local businessman.A large contingent of police, including RAF and combat force, was deployed to bring the situation under control. Two persons have been arrested.Trouble broke out around 10.30am when a police team from Khardah police station was conducting a raid at JC Road area where Atiyar Rahaman, a construction planner who was also associated with promoting business, was shot dead by goons in front of a meat shop on Thursday morning.Acting on a tip-off, police raided the area to arrest some criminals who were allegedly involved in Rahaman's murder. But some local people alleged that police were deliberately trying to arrest some innocent men and torturing them and their family members. A group of people tried to resist the cops from arresting and launched an agitation in front of the policemen. When police allegedly resorted to lathicharge to disperse the agitators, the area turned into a battleground. An irate mob pelted stonesleaving three policemen hurt. A police vehicle was damaged and its driver was also injured in the process.Police initially failed to control the situation as agitators blocked JC Road alleging 'police atrocities' on innocent people. After being informed, a large contingent of police led by SDPO Belghoria Jyotirmoy Roy and SDPO Barrackpore Amit Singh rushed to the spot to control the situation. All the injured were taken to Barrackpore BN Bose Hospital and later discharged. A police picket has also been posted at the area to avoid further untoward incidents.\"A group of people backed by some local miscreants intentionally attacked the policemen during the raid. The situation is now under control and two persons have been arrested. Raids are on to nab the others,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11433029", "title": "Foreign dancers mesmerize Cuttack with classical moves", "text": "CUTTACK: It was love at first sight for Irina Komissarova. The Odissi smitten Russian travelled all the way from her country to Odisha to master the dance form. She has now established a dance studio in her hometown and is training hordes of Russian girls in Odissi.Ukranian Ganna Smirnova's story sings a similar tune. Her first glimpse of Indian classical dance forms was at a programme in Soviet Union in 1987. Fascinated by the expressive and soulful dances, Ganna came to India to learn Bharatnatyam in the 90s. She has now dedicated herself to the promotion and popularization of the dance form.Irina and Ganna's passion for Indian classical dances is shared by scores of other foreigners, who are currently showing off their prowess at the ongoing International Dance and Music Festival in the Millennium City.Quiahui Fuentes Anaya of Mexico, Yukie Sato of Japan, Elena Knyazeva of Russia, Akane Hosino of Japan and Chloe Romero of France are a few of the artirstes who have been mesmerizing Cuttack audiences with their scintillating performances. Perfect body movements, finesse and facial expressions of these overseas dancers have left the audience spellbound.\"I was really surprised to see the performances of the overseas classical dancers. It was quite unbelievable that they are foreigners and are completely alien to Odia language and culture,\" said spectator Snigdha Mishra.The overseas classical dancers have been in fact the highlight of the seven-day festival, concluding on Tuesday.\"It's a visual treat to watch foreigners performing Odissi, Bharatnatyam and Kuchipudi. Their devotion towards the dances was clearly evident. After seeing the performance I feel so proud of our rich culture and have decided to learn Odissi,\" said Asmita Das, a college student.\"It is said that art knows no boundaries and these overseas dancers are proving it in the truest sense. The inclination of foreigners towards Indian classical dance forms is growing by the day and we should appreciate it,\" said Kartik Rath, organizer of the festival.The dancers were equally overwhelmed by the response of the audience. \"For me Odissi dance is synonymous with spirituality and I am truly blessed to get the opportunity to learn the dance form,\" said Irina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429732", "title": "Railways to set up body to run high-speed trains", "text": "PATNA: The railways has decided to set up a National High-Speed Rail Authority (NHSRA) to expedite high-speed train project which is likely to be introduced in the country soon. The railways has drafted a Bill in this connection which is likely to be moved in Parliament.According to a Railway Board official, the railways intends to set up an autonomous body to implement and monitor the high-speed train project across the country. Since high-speed trains would run at the maximum speed of 300 km per hour, a legislation is required to set up the authority, he said.The proposed NHSRA will have nine members, including chairman and eight members. It will have four full-time members which include member (project), member (finance), member (engineering) and member (planning). The stakeholders in the high-speed rail corridor project will also have four representatives as part-time members in the NHRSA, a Board official said, adding it will be set up on the pattern of National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).According to sources, the entire NHRSA project will be under the direct control of the Union railway ministry. However, selection of the chairman and members will be done by the Public Enterprise Selection Board with the approval of the Appointment Committee of Cabinet, sources said, adding the railways has already selected six routes to introduce high-speed trains across the country. According to a Board official, the railways has awarded contracts to global consultants for making feasibility studies of the indentified routes. The state government and financial institutions will be stakeholders in this project. It is believed that it will cost about Rs 100 crore to construct one km dedicated high-speed corridor in the country on six different routes, he said. According to sources, the NHSRA Bill has already been sent to the Union law ministry, the urban development ministry, the Union finance ministry and the Planning Commission.A UK-based consultant is carrying out feasibility study on the longest Delhi-Agra-Lucknow-Varanasi-Patna (991 km) while a Spanish consultant has been given the responsibility to make feasibility study on the shortest route Howrah-Haldia (135 km). Besides, a French consultant is said to have completed feasibility study on the Pune-Mumbai-Ahmedabad route (650 km), sources said, adding feasibility studies on other routes like Delhi-Chandigarh-Amritsar, Hyderabad-Vijayawada-Chennai and Chennai-Bengaluru-Ernakulam are being taken up, too. The railways is keen to introduce this ambitious project with an aim to increase country's growth rate as well as develop satellite towns, the Board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11432938", "title": "OHRC takes note of Pipli gangrape case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Taking strong note of police inaction, the Odisha Human Rights Commission (OHRC) on Monday asked the Pipili police in Puri district to submit the action taken report into the recent alleged gangrape of a 19-year-old girl within three days.\"The commission has asked the Pipili police to register a case and submit action taken report within three days. The SP of Puri has been directed to monitor the investigation of the case,\" OHRC registrar C R Mohapatra said.The girl, who is also a court witness in a molestation case, was allegedly raped by two persons in Pipili area on November 28. Her family members alleged she was targeted by goons for being a court witness.Earlier in the afternoon the rape victim, in a comatose state after being strangled by rapists, and her family members came to the OHRC office here seeking justice. She was lying on the floor with saline drips and nasal feeding pipes pierced to her body. Her sobbing uncle and brother refused to move from there until justice is delivered to them. \"Neither the government nor the police helps us in getting justice. While government is not ready to bear her medical expenses, police are not receiving her complaint,\" the rape victim's uncle said.The disgruntled family on Saturday approached the State Commission for Women (SCW) alleging police inaction into the alleged rape and murder attempt on her. Though the SCW assured her help and medication, it came a cropper. The SCW had arranged to shift her to hospital again on the same day. \"The woman was critical and needed medical help. We first took her to Capital Hospital. But she can't get psychological and neurological help here. That is why on medical advice, she was referred to SCB Medical College and Hospital,\" said Jyoti Panigrahi, chairperson of SCW, adding \"the commission will ensure that she gets justice.\"However, the family chose not to go to Cuttack again as they can't afford treatment there. Instead, they shifted her to a relative's place in Bhubaneswar.Meanwhile following media reports, a few police officers from Pipili rushed to Bhubaneswar to listen to her grievances on Monday. The police again shifted her to Capital Hospital following a directive by the OHRC.Source said the girl was first allegedly assaulted on January 13, 2008, a few weeks after some miscreants molested her friend in the village. The miscreants attacked her house again on February 18, 2008 after she became a court witness in the molestation case. Police had then arrested two persons, sources said. Though police are yet to ascertain whether the alleged rape on her in November last year was anything to do with the 2008 case, it was alleged the girl was raped by a married man, who was insisting to marry her since long. He was a close associate of one of the two persons arrested in the 2008 case. \"We will investigate from all angles,\" Pipili sub-divisional police officer Rajendra Kumar Rout said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429509", "title": "Jabalpur flight now six days a week", "text": "NAGPUR: Air connectivity from Nagpur is likely to go up in the New Year with Ventura Airconnect, a niche carrier planning to connect the city with destinations like Latur, Baramati, Nanded, Pune and Aurangabad in the state soon. \"We will soon make arrangements with the Maharashtra government about our plans to start intrastate flights in these cities using Cessna aircraft,\" Uttam Kumar Bose, managing director of Ventura Airconnect said.At present, the airline operates the Nagpur-Jabalpur service thrice a week with a nine-seater Cessna Grand Caravan. But following increasing demand, the company has also decided to increase its frequency to six days in a week from Wednesday.Bose said that since the day of launching the Nagpur-Jabalpur service on December 23, it received good response from passengers both from Jabalpur and Nagpur. \"We are operating with six to seven inbound and outbound passengers from Nagpur,\" Bose told TOI. There is no change in flight schedule. The flight will take off at 9.45am from Jabalpur and reach Nagpur at 10.55am. From Nagpur, the flight will take off at 11.10am and reach Jabalpur at 12.20pm. The fare (excluding taxes) begins at Rs 3,500.The Nagpur-Jabalpur direct service is also useful for the passengers as it further provides connectivity to other cities in Madhya Pradesh like Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior, and Khajuraho, Bose said. The fare for further destinations will be above Rs 8,500 from Nagpur, Bose said. \"We have launched service with two Cessna Caravan commuter aircraft and four more aircrafts will be needed to operate the intrastate service, especially in Maharashtra,\" said Bose.Pankaj Maniktala, a frequent flyer said, \"The flights will provide faster alternative for those usually travelling on Nagpur-Jabalpur-Nagpur sector. They cut the tiring 6- to 8-hour, 275-km journey, extended due to pathetic conditions of road, to about one hour or so.\" Another flyer to Jabalpur, Vipin Kanojia said, \"During the festival season and summer season, trains are packed. Because the Nagpur-Jabalpur road is in a bad shape, the flight will provide alternate option to the passengers who can afford the air fare\".He added, \"We intend to add another 12 aircraft in the next two years. By using the service, people will be able to spend less time travelling. The timing has also been designed keeping in mind the convenience of passengers. We are expecting nearly 64,000 travellers annually,\" Bose added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11430412", "title": "Law on roadside meetings upholds Constitution, govt tells HC", "text": "KOCHI: The piece of legislation overcoming the Kerala High Court's ban on roadside meetings was intended to uphold the constitutional right of the people to conduct meetings and rallies, the state government told the high court on Monday.The legislation, Kerala Public Ways Restriction of Assemblies and Processions Act, 2011, was meant to impose restrictions on the constitutional right to conduct meetings and rallies and did not violate the rights of the people, as granted by the Constitution, the government submitted to the court through an affidavit.While hearing a contempt of court petition filed by Khalid Mundappilly on December 3, a division bench consisting of one of the judges who originally banned roadside meetings had ruled that the judges who imposed the ban would hear further related cases.It was the division bench of Justice C N Ramachandran Nair and Justice P S Gopinathan that banned roadside meetings citing violation of the right to move freely, which is guaranteed by the Constitution.While Justice C N Ramachandran Nair was the acting chief justice, Kerala government's legislation to overcome the high court ban on roadside meetings was stayed by the bench headed by him. While considering Khalid Mundappilly's petition citing violation of the court order by DYFI activists at Muvattupuzha, acting Chief Justice C N Ramachandran Nair's bench had ordered for a stay on Kerala Public Ways Restriction of Assemblies and Processions Act, 2011 on November 2.After the Supreme Court upheld the high court ban on roadside meetings, the LDF government brought forward the legislation in February this year. When the bill came up for consideration of the Legislative Assembly, it was unanimously supported by both the LDF and UDF fronts.Through the Act, the government gave power to district administrations to decide on permissions to conduct roadside meetings. While issuing a stay on the Act, the court had observed that the order banning roadside meetings was issued as it was a violation of the fundamental rights of citizens.Along with staying the government legislation, the court had issued instructions for sending urgent messages to the director-general of police to ensure that the court order banning the Act and roadside meetings was being implemented.While upholding the high court ban, the apex court had pointed out that such meetings hindered movement of the public as well as vehicles in the narrow roads of Kerala.On November 15, the apex court had criticized the high court's judgment sentencing CPM state secretariat member M V Jayarajan for speaking against the ban on roadside meetings. Jayarajan was sentenced to undergo six months of imprisonment by the high court for contempt of court but was granted bail by the Supreme Court. The apex court also criticized the high court verdict that denied Jayarajan a chance to prefer an appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11433860", "title": "Youths opting for fab khadi", "text": "MYSORE: After a long lull, khadi has made a comeback in grand style, with the younger generation opting for khadi for its comfy and good looking factor. Khadi, which had taken a backseat for some years with the influence of the Western culture, is back with a bang in the form of shirts, jackets, tops, kurthas, saris and bags.Youths in the city said that khadi tops with jeans provides a blend of Western and desi styles, which look fascinating whenever they go to college. It also suits all seasons and is comfortable. Khadi has also taken them back to the pre-Independence days.Shilpashree S, a student, has no qualms in blending both Indian and Western clothes. \"Khadi tops and jeans. What's wrong with blending both cultures? We should pick the good from wherever we find it. We have seen many Westerners picking it up from our culture like yoga and ayurveda. When the whole world has become a global village with the internet and free flow of information, there is nothing wrong in blending both,\" she said.Pranab J, who works in a private company, said, khadi helps to keep the body cool and relaxed as it won't stick to the body in summer season. \"Khadi provides flexibility which we don't have in t-shirts. Even if I sweat it won't cause skin problems. Purchasing khadi is also cheaper when compared to other type of clothes,\" he added. Some of the colleges in the city have also introduced khadi uniforms, he said.One of the owners of a khadi outlet, Jagadish said: \"Khadi has definitely made a comeback after it was subdued due to global competition. Since the materials are handmade, it attracts youths with the natural quality and it is not mixed with other synthetic materials or colours like other clothes. Khadi clothes are also affordable. Since wearing clothes which has synthetic materials has become common, youths who want to look different are opting for khadi,\" he added.Janardhan Swamy, a techie, said: By wearing khadi we can prevent damage to the environment. These khadi clothes are eco-friendly since they are not manufactured using any chemical. It also is suitable for all seasons,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433675", "title": "Tennis rallies for support", "text": "Yes, the crowds thronged the finals, but the tennis spirit in the city throughout the week was low\"The crowd here has been very supportive and it's helped my game,\" said Milos Raonic, in one of his post-match ceremonies at the Chennai Open. And in the finals, when he was facing Janko Tipsarevic , it was that - and his booming aces, of course - that helped the 21-year-old clinch the title. 'Ra-one -ic Rockets' was what some of the tenniscrazy had put up on Sunday evening at the Nungambakkam tennis stadium, which was witness to a high-voltage clash.\"His aces made my evening,\" gushes young Srivatsan G, who is a tennis player himself, \"It's great to witness such quality tennis right here in our city.\" Varun Shridhar, who is a regular at the tournament, vividly remembers the last seven editions. \"This year's tennis is the best in quality Chennai has since the 2008 edition,\" he says, \"The general awareness about the sport is increasing every year. The already-knowlegeable Chennai crowd seems to be only getting better!\"That's the story of the finals, mostly, which was a full house perhaps because it was a Sunday. But on the weekdays, it was just the players and a few fans. \"Some top seed players might have been there, but this edition lacked players who are popular,\" says Shanthi S, a tennis fan, \"For instance, the last few years, we're used to watching big names like Carlos Moya and Nadal here - sadly, that was missing this time around.\"While the fact that Leander Paes won the doubles title did cheer fans a bit, some of the other games in which the Indian players contested left much to be desired. Besides, there was a spate of pull-outs as well. \"I'd really wanted to be at the tournament but the minute I heard that Somdev Devvarman wasn't playing, it was a huge disappointment,\" states Nakulan J, a big fan of the Indian tennis star.Tennis fans are looking forward to the tournament getting better and bigger next year in its future editions at least. \"My dream is to watch a Roger Federer clashing with Nadal in our Chennai court,\" signs off Srivatsan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11429986", "title": "Swami Vivekananda : A musical tribute", "text": "KOLKATA: Arpan, a unique programme on the occasion of the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, is being organized in the city by the Bhattacharya School of Universal Music . The programme - to be held on January 20 at G D Birla Sabhagar - will be an evening of enchanting instrumental classical music where Pandit Debashish Bhattacharya and Bickram Ghosh will perform together.Pt Bhattacharya, a Grammy 2009 nominee, will perform on his trinity of guitars - Chaturangui, Gandharvi and Anandi- for the first time in the country in this concert. Happily, this performance is taking place in Kolkata. Performing on the trinity of guitars has earned Bhattacharya rave reviews throughout the world.Along with this, Bickram Ghosh's accompaniment on the tabla is expected to make it a rare concert. worth remembering for a long time to come.Swami Vivekananda's message through his journey of the world as an ambassador of the country's spiritual culture will be depicted by the rendition of different forms of raga on three instruments that have distinct tonal quality. , and yet convey the universality of the appeal of soulful music.Pt Ajoy Chakraborty who would be speaking on guru-shishya parampara in Indian music will be felicitated at the programme. Chakraborty will also speak on Swami Vivekananda's love for music as well as the guru-shishya parampara in Indian music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11436866", "title": "Consultant living in India, working for US clients? Here are the tax implications", "text": "Nandini Ravi is a 34 year old speech therapist . After spending 9 long years in the US, she moved back to India in 2009 and now lives in Pune, India. In 2011, she started working on contractual basis as a consultant with a US based clinic and her payment is wired to her bank account in India. Thanks to technology, she is able to provide online therapy and counseling for the clinic's clients who are based in the US.\"I know I have to pay taxes in India because I am a resident of India. But I also need to know if I should file my taxes in the US, since I am working for a clinic based in the US,\" that's Nandini's dilemma.In this age of global technological convergence , cases like Nandini's are not few. There are instances of the reverse scenario too. Like Shreya Das, a freelancer for a publication in India. She lives in San Francisco , California , and writes on technological developments for a digital magazine in India. Her pay too gets wired to the US from India. Her question: Do I need to file taxes in India?In order to find the answer to both their queries, we need to look at the law in both these countries.Who should pay tax in IndiaEvery person who is a resident of India must pay taxes in India on his or her global income. A resident of India is defined as a person who has been in India for a period of 182 days or more in the financial year or who has been in India for 60 days or more in a financial year and 365 days or more in the 4 years before that financial year (section 6).Since Nandini has been in India for the entire time during since 2009, by this definition, it is clear that she is a resident of India and must file her tax returns in India for the year 2011-2012.A non-resident, that is, a person who is not a resident by the above criteria, must pay taxes in India on any income that is earned from a source in India (section 9). By that definition, since Shreya earns income from a source in India, she must pay tax on that income in India.Who should pay tax in the USAccording to the US tax code, any person who is a resident of US must pay taxes in the US. The IRS defines resident as one who meets either of the following two tests:1. Green card test: If at any time during the calendar year you were a lawful permanent resident of the United States according to the immigration laws, you are considered to have met the Green Card test.2. The substantial presence test: To meet the substantial presence test, you must have been physically present in the United States on at least 31 days during the current year, and 183 days during the 3 year period that includes the current year and the 2 years immediately before. To satisfy the 183 days requirement, count all of the days you were present in the current year, and one-third of the days you were present in the first year before the current year, and one-sixth of the days you were present in the second year before the current year.Since Shreya has lived in the US for the whole of 2011, she must file her taxes in the US.A non-resident alien, that is, a person who is not a citizen or resident of the US but has a US source income on which tax has not been fully withheld at source, must file taxes in the US. By that definition, Nandini must file her taxes in the US since her source of income is in the US.Double TaxOne look at these provisions will tell you that Nandini and Shreya are now liable to pay taxes in both countries - India and the US.Enter - DTAA! The provisions of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) will over ride the provisions of the income tax rules of both countries. The DTAA is a treaty that India has signed with the US and several other countries to ensure that its residents and citizens do not end up paying tax in two countries on the same income.Roy Vargis, an Illinois based CPA and promoter of the Nexus Management Group explains, \"For the purpose of the two cases above, since they are on contract basis and not on employment, we need to refer to Article 15 of the India US DTAA.\"Article 15 deals with Independent Personal Service that include independent scientific, literary, artistic, educational or teaching activities as well as the independent activities of physicians, surgeons, lawyers, engineers, architects, dentists and accountants.\"In such cases, if a person is resident of one country and earning income from a source in another country, then that income would be taxed only in the country of his or her residence,\" says Vargis.What this means is that in the case of Nandini, she owes taxes only in India and she can tell her US payer not to withhold taxes in the US. In order to do that, she must submit Form W8BEN to her US payer. Form W8BEN is a declaration that she is a tax paying resident of India.In the case of Shreya, she would owe her taxes in the US and she would thus have to inform her Indian payer not to deduct taxes at source from her income. In her case, she would have to submit a Tax Residency Certificate, issued by the US IRS to her payer in India.Vargis also highlights another point, \"It is important to remember that if the person has a fixed base in the other country (country of source of income) or has lived in that country for more than 90 days during the taxable year, then such income would be taxed in that country. So in case of Nandini, if she had an office in the US or lived in the US for more than 90 days during 2011, her tax would be withheld in the US.\" Roy explains.What this also means is that she would not have to pay taxes on that income in India. But, since as a resident, she must file her returns in India, she would be able to claim a credit on the taxes paid in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11433420", "title": "Auditions for Pragjyotish dance fest from Jan 24", "text": "GUWAHATI: Auditions for the annual Pragjyotish International Dance Festival are set to begin from January 24. The event, scheduled to be held from February 2-4, is an important one for dancers as it provides a platform for local and new talents, besides providing a podium for the convergence of different cultures from various parts of the world.The programme is expected to feature artists from France and Sri Lanka who have been learning traditional Indian dance forms. \"The festival will see dancers from all traditional genres and will also feature foreign artists who have been grooming themselves in traditional Indian dance forms. This will foster a better understanding between India and the countries of the Asia-Pacific region, laying emphasis on peace, harmony and understanding in tune with Indian culture and heritage,\" said Anwesha Mahanta.The third edition of the festival will be held in association with the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), the ministry of external affairs and the directorate of cultural affairs of the state government.The festival has been organized by Kalpa, a society engaged in the promotion of art, culture, literature and social harmony, and will take in an interactive session in which the foreign artists will take part in an interactive session with the public and students. The objective of the festival is generating interest in traditional dance forms among young dancers, and providing them a platform to showcase their talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430911", "title": "Workshop for wetland biodiversity conservation of Nalsarovar sanctuary", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Environment experts from across the country and state will get together on Tuesday to discuss the ecosystem of Nalsarovar which is among the largest lakes in the state. Every year, over two lakh winged visitors visit this lake situated on the outskirts of the city.A one-day workshop has been organized by the forest department and the Gujarat Ecological Education and Research (GEER), which will focus on landscape and wetland ecology. According to forest department officials, experts and scientists from Bombay Natural History Society, World Wide Fund for Nature-India, Salim Ali Center for Ornithology and Natural History, Coimbatore and Space Application Centre, Ahmedabad, among others, will take part in the workshop.GEER officials said that Nalsarovar has a well-known eco-system where large number of winter birds congregates. \"Over the period of time, many individuals as well as institutes have explored various aspects of Nalsarovar including geology, hydrology, flora and fauna, dynamics of bio-diversity, socio-economics and various other factors affecting the ecology of Nalsarovar,\" said GEER officials.Officials believe that it is necessary to aggregate scientific information to analyze it and incorporate the same for the management of this lake which is an important site for the migratory winged visitors that will be an aim of this workshop. Apart from the scientists and experts, bird watchers from Ahmedabad and all over the state will also be a part of the one-day workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430102", "title": "Kolkata gets record January rain in 10 years", "text": "KOLKATA: Is it winter or monsoon? The answer is obvious, but Kolkatans can't help thinking otherwise.The city has received 71.2 mm rainfall over the past 24 hours - a record for January over a decade, says the Met office. Such intermittent rainfall accompanied by thunder is in itself quite unusual for January. But the weathermen have no good news. Kolkatans will have to endure this weather for at least a couple more days, they say.The culprit is a cyclonic circulation over Orissa and adjoining areas that has blocked the normal flow of winter in these parts. It has led to the formation of convective clouds - rare in this time of the year - which have triggered the current spell of rain. The sky will start clearing up only when the cyclonic circulation weakens.\"Formation of convective clouds is extremely unusual in January. The Met office has recorded 71.2 mm rainfall over the past 24 hours which is the highest rainfall in January in the last 10 years. The cyclonic circulation is likely to lose its momentum gradually. So, we can expect the weather to improve from Wednesday. The chill will return once the sky clears up,\" said G C Debnath, director of the Regional Meteorological Centre.The Met office has forecast rain for Kolkata on Tuesday. From Wednesday, the sky is expected to start clearing up, but there is a possibility of rain or thundershower on that day as well. Monday recorded a maximum temperature of 21.2\u00b0C, five degrees below normal, while the minimum at 17.4\u00b0C was three notches above the normal mark. The next two days will see the maximum and minimum temperatures hovering around 21\u00b0C and 17\u00b0C respectively.Some areas of Howrah experienced heavy rain and hailstorm on Sunday night, uprooting trees and destroying houses. A woman in Uluberia, Sumitra Sahu, was injured when her house collapsed during the storm. The worst affected areas were under Bagnan block I and Uluberia. Around 50 mud houses were destroyed. A large number of cranes in these localities were found dead, possibly due to the hailstorm. There were reports of flower farms being destroyed in the district.Intermittent rain is expected in parts of districts like North and South 24-Parganas and East and West Midnapore. North Bengal, however, will enjoy sunny days though morning fog could create a problem for those at the wheel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11431767", "title": "City banker\u2019s house burgled", "text": "GURGAON: An unspecified amount of cash, and gold and silver jewellery were stolen from the house of a bank manager in Sector 56, when he was away from Gurgaon with his family. Police have lodged an FIR and are investigating.According to police, Sameer Kalra, manager with HDFC bank branch in Gurgaon, had gone to Kolkata with his family on December 30. After this no one was in his house. On January 5, when he returned with his family from Kolkata, he found his house locks broken. Inside the house the almirah locks were broken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430485", "title": "Land Won't Be A Hurdle, CM Tells Biz Biggies", "text": "KOLKATA: Top industrialists, consulate officers and multinational bosses were made to climb down from their exalted positions and turn into a bunch of compliant listeners by an aggressive Mamata Banerjee , who called out to them by name at a business meet on Monday and sought to know what was stopping them from investing in Bengal.Delivering the inaugural speech at 'Bengal Leads 2012' - the year's first business-do - at Milan Mela on Monday, the chief minister pointed out that since the decks have been cleared by her government for business to roll, it was now the industry's turn to respond.Mamata addressed industrialists like Sajjan Jindal , Sanjay Budhia and YC Deveshwar individually (even ribbing Budhia as 'Mr Patton tank'), and asked them what plans they had for Bengal. It left them stumped and visibly embarrassed. While the industrialists raised their hands in compliance, Mamata reiterated she was proud of her government's \"phenomenal record\" and her own \"direct approach\". She was \"batting for the industry\" and expected it to play ball, she said. The business leaders were left with no option but to nod in agreement, promising her quick and substantial investment.Mamata said her government has faced tough situations in the last seven months and \"belled the cat\". \"Some problems, like the availability of land, still exist but they won't be a major hurdle. We have our Cabinet committee on infrastructure that will address the issue. If any of you want to set up a unit in the state, you simply need to apply and we will do the needful. The chambers of commerce had asked for quicker clearance of proposals and we have brought down the waiting period from 317 days to just 15, which, I believe is appreciable. The application formalities that would previously run into 99 pages has now been reduced to just seven. This, despite the fact, that we had a severe manpower crisis at all levels, including the bureaucracy and the IPS, when I took over. We are working very hard and are ready to work harder,\" she said.Mamata added she loved to \"bat directly\". \"There's no match-fixing in my approach. I am ready to get bowled out batting for the industry,\" she declared. What started off as an argument and a plea, soon turned into a firm invitation to invest in the state. Bengal has cheap labour, the right social infrastructure, natural resources, hills, the Ganges and forests, the CM reeled off. \"There's education, tea-tourism, health, infrastructure and transport. Take your pick. Bengal is the gateway to north-east India and south-east Asia. Investing here will not only benefit Bengal, but also help you. For instance, we plan to set up 35-40 super-speciality hospitals. Our state has the ideal infrastructure for agro-based industries. We shall also have a state highway authority that will build new roads like the golden quadrilateral,\" she pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11434196", "title": "Angelina Jolie doesn't lecture kids", "text": "Angelina Jolie doesn't like to \"lecture\" her children.The 'Salt' actress - who raises six kids, Maddox, 10, Pax, eight, Zahara, six, Shiloh, five, and three-year-old twins Knox and Vivienne, with partner Brad Pitt - explained while she likes to educate her brood about her work with refugees around the world, she doesn't tell them to think in a set way.She said: \"I'm not one of those moms who kind of lectures my kids. But I do tell them, whenever I go on a trip, where I'm going and why.\"And on some occasions, they've come with me to different refugee camps. And they also go to their home countries a lot.\"With Maddox, Pax and Zahara being adopted from Cambodia , Vietnam and Ethiopia respectively, Angelina admitted she is keen for her offspring to see the world outside the glitz and glamour of Hollywood .She told People magazine: \"Hopefully they live in the world, and they see the world really as it is, outside of Hollywood.\"If they really live in the world and spend time with friends around the world from all different types of backgrounds, they will just see things as they are.\"Source : Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11436185", "title": "BJP takes Salman Khurshid's promise of 9% Muslim quota to EC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law minister Salman Khurshid's promise to provide nine per cent sub-quota for backward Muslims if voted to power in UP evoked sharp reactions from BJP, which took it up with the Election Commission saying it was a \"violation\" of the model code of conduct.Khurshid hit back, saying that while the BJP talks of building Ram Temple, he was only referring to the party's election manifesto.A BJP delegation led by its vice president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said after meeting the EC today that \"the Congress is trying to create communal tension in Uttar Pradesh and country by announcing rise in the sub-quota for Muslims. The announcement made by law minister is in violation of the model code of conduct and is unconstitutional.\"We will not allow anyone to snatch or grab away the rights of backward classes. BJP will not allow the Congress or BSP to play the caste card and try to divide the public on the basis of caste and religion\".Khurshid rejected the BJP's claim, saying such a scheme has been already implemented in Karnataka, Kerala and Andhra Pradesh.\"It means that we should not bring out a manifesto, not deliver a speech and sit back at home and elections should be held without all these...They can talk of building Ram Temple and we are only referring to a provision which is already there,\" Khurshid said.When pointed out that a similar scheme was introduced by Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar , Khurshid said then BJP should first complain to its ally on the issue.\"He is the chief minister of a state and he understands the ground reality and we want to do the same in Uttar Pradesh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11431044", "title": "Tough to scale this mountain", "text": "Minutes after taking oath as mayor, Sadai Duraisamy said clearing garbage was top of his agenda. But two months later, garbage continues to pile up on streets in all the 15 corporation zones.The corporation faces a shortage of manpower. It has to recruit 6,000 conservancy workers to cover all zones. Some areas have a shortage of workers, while others are over-staffed . Tondiarpet zone has a sanctioned strength of 1,573 workers but has only 1,040. Aynavaram zone needs 313 more workers. Kilpauk zone has only 1,750 workers but requires 2,051.Some zones have an excess of workers. For example, Kodambakkam zone requires 118 conservancy workers but has 722. Adyar zone needs 194 workers and has 386. Sources said excess staff have not been re-assigned as many workers want to stay in zones close to home. \"After the city's expansion , the amount of garbage has increased from 3,400 metric tonnes to 4,300 tonnes. The landfills at Perungudi and Kodungaiyur are overflowing,\" said a corporation official.S Purushothaman, general secretary, Chennai Corporation General Workers' Union , said the civic body had not shown any interest in recruiting workers in the new zones. \"The workload has increased but no new people have been recruited. The civic body has not provided sufficient equipment for conservancy operations,\" he said.Officials, however, said they had enough workers. \"We have even been covering the three zones that the private player is to clean. We have deployed contract labourers,\" said an official.The worst affected zones are Teynampet , Adyar and Kodambakkam zones, where clearance was handled by private contractor Neel Metal Fanalca. Its contract ended in December and they took away the garbage bins in these areas. The new conservancy agency, Ramky Enviro is yet to start work. The corporation is clearing garbage in the meantime.\"We do not know where to dump waste because the dustbins are missing.\" R Govindaraj, joint general secretary of Exnora International and a T Nagar resident , said the civic body had not learnt from its mistakes. \"The new conservancy firm should have begun operations alongside the previous one,\" he said.Corporation commissioner P W C Davidar said the problem would be resolved when the new agency took over. \"All three zones will be cleaned by the end of this month,\" he said.Operation clean-upConservancy work in Teynampet (zone 9) will begin on Jan 12 D-day for Kodambakkam (zone 10) is Jan 19 In Adyar (zone 12), workers begin clean-up on Jan 25Times ViewSaidai Duraisamy's first promise as mayorto make the city clean-now remains buried under heaps of, well, garbage. For a city that produces 4,300 tonnes of garbage every day, Chennai deserves a much better disposal mechanism. With Neel Metal Fanalca moving out of conservancy operations, and a new firm, Ramky Enviro, yet to take charge of the three zones, the city is caught in a bind. If the corporation has learned from its experience, it will not only have to marshal its resources to keep 11 zones clean, but make sure that the private agency delivers. The citizen has great expectations from Ramky. As for the civic body and the mayor, there are promises to keep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431004", "title": "Azhar urges diaspora to help Indian athletes", "text": "JAIPUR: Mohammad Azharuddin remembered the Pink City for his fifty runs score which led to his selection to the Indian Team during a session \"Town hall on youth connectivity\" on Monday.\"I have very fond memories of this city. From here I made it to the national team. Though it was difficult to come here today because of elections in Uttar Pradesh, but declining the invitation of CM Ashok Gehlot and minister Valayar Ravi was not possible,\" said AzharuddinHe apologized for his ill-preparedness for the topic as he was earlier told to be the moderator. On the current performance of Indian cricket team, he said: \"I don't want to talk about cricket as you won't like me remind what Indian cricket team is doing\".Azharuddin urged the young Indian diaspora to help Indian athletes and involve more in sports. Sports is one thing which can connect young Indian diaspora with their roots and if I can be of any help I am more than willing to do that job.\"Speaking at the session, Mukul Wasnik, minister for social justice and empowerment, asked the overseas Indians to come and share the knowledge and ideas that they have build in their resident country. \"Contribution from NRIs can be in many fields like education, healthcare and skill development,\" said Wasnik.\"India has huge advantage and exciting opportunities are awaiting for them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11431276", "title": "Transfers of 400 basic edu dept officials pending: RTI", "text": "LUCKNOW: Transfers of nearly 400 officials of basic education department of the state are pending since three years. The list includes eight divisional joint directors, 28 district basic shiksha adhikaris (BSAs), and 380 joint BSAs.This was revealed by an RTI query brought to the fore by a social worker, Subodh Srivastava, who is associated with UP Basic Shikshak Sangh (UPBSS).Members of the Sangh opposed this act of the state government and termed it as a 'deliberate attempt.' They also alleged that the ruling party has always kept teachers and education at the least priority.UPBSS president DC Sinha said: \"The reply has come but the reasons for not transferring have not been cited. This clearly proves that it is intentionally done.'' The Sangh has said that the basic education in the state is in poor shape. \"Nearly 70% kids under the age of 14 years are enrolled in private schools with no standard of teaching. Out of the remaining 30%, nearly 7-8% opt for CBSE, ICSE schools and the rest are educated in government schools,'' said Sushil Singh, UPBSS member.He further said that for the betterment of children, the Sangh has decided that they will cast their vote to Samajwadi Party . \"Mulayam Singh Yadav has promised to provide education. During his period, there were new schools and universities were opened,'' he said. The ruling party has lend a deaf ear to our woes. \"Even the Central government has only had a dialogue with the teachers but has taken no action,'' said Sangh members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430531", "title": "Winter chill leads to rail fracture at Tilak Nagar", "text": "MUMBAI: A sudden dip in temperature resulted in a rail fracture near Tilak Nagar station on Sunday night.Sources said the rail fracture was detected at 8.36pm and trains to CST on the Harbour line were stopped till 9.25pm to repair the fault. \"It was a Sunday night and there were not many passengers. There was no major inconvenience,\" a Central Railway (CR) official said.Technicians clamped together the tracks that had developed a crack after the temperature fell to 14 degrees Celsius on Sunday night. CR chief public relations officer V A Malegaonkar said, \"It is a natural phenomenon associated with tracks. Due to climatic changes, there is always contraction and expansion of metal. Temperature variations often lead to fractures, which are tackled using the best maintenance practices.\"He stated that it was a minor problem and services were restored within half an hour. \"Rail fractures are common and occur due to the changing weather conditions. This is something you cannot avoid. But we try our best to ensure that there is no adverse impact on operations,\" he said.As a precautionary measure, whenever a rail fracture is detected, trains are allowed to pass at a speed of 10-20 kmph. The railway officials then look out for a suitable time to block traffic and carry out repairs.Sources said there is usually an inquiry instituted into every rail fracture to determine if it is due to temperature variation or some technical flaw. Malegaonkar, however, confirmed that the fracture at Tilak Nagar was due to a change in weather.The patch of track where the fracture occurs is usually taken up for maintenance on a priority during mega-blocks on Sundays, the sources stated. This is the sixth rail fracture on the CR line in a year.Sometimes, fractures are noticed by drivers themselves. Last June, a fracture was discovered at 3.45am at Asangaon, when an alert driver of the Amravati Express informed the control room that at a point on the tracks the train had experienced abnormal jerks. The control room ordered the train behind it to halt and a team went to the site and repaired the tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "movie review", "code": "11433677", "title": "Bedroom", "text": "Movie Review: What are the risks when a director tries to interlink characters from three stories, restless with the angst of their personal and professional crises? In terms of format, it could become a repetition of what one has been seeing quite often in Indian cinema recently. In terms of content, it would need exceptional performances and probing into the mindspace of characters in a domain that doesn't reduce it to yet another story of the problems of flings resulting from fragile relationships and ego hassles. Needless to say, Mainak had a tough task at hand, especially since the film had to live up to its hype and also bring something new and exciting to the table for Bengali viewers.For those who came in late, \"Bedroom\" narrates the tale of three couples - Abir and Paoli, Rahul and Parno, Rudranil and Ushasie. Abir is the corporate guy who hopes for a promotion but gets a pink slip at work and isn't, for some strange reason, able to disclose that to his bored wife - Paoli. Rahul is the yet-to-be cast arthouse actor-turned-teacher who lives in with fashion photographer Parno even while the latter constantly believes that he can't accept the fact that she earns more than him and runs the house. Rudranil is the much-sought-after actor who is happy bed-hopping only to realize that he too could fall in love with a journo (Ushasie).Adding new threads to these interlocked tales of relationships are the characters played by Tanusree Chakraborty (who believes Rahul is her knight in shining armour and will not judge her for her past), Vikram Chatterjee (an investment banker trying to rekindle his love for old flame Paoli) and Anubrata (a wannabe model with whom Parno has a casual fling).The biggest advantage for Mainak is his dialogues. Be it Rudranil or even Rahul, the punchlines on love, bachelor party, sex and dhoka have the audience rolling on the floor. The fact that Mainak has able members in the cast (especially Rahul and Rudra) at his disposal only helps when they add their own touch to dialogues. Then again, there is Rupam and Allan Ao's music that is refreshingly apt in terms of the mood of the film. Check out Shreya Ghoshal's \"Arekta din\". Rupam's \"Who am I\" and \"Amen\" and Babul Supriyo's \"Bodle Jaye\".The presence of too many characters often runs the risk of a movie's crust getting wafer-thin. There is always a fear of maintaining the balance between revealing too much or being too sketchy. Tanusree might have bagged an interesting character but wonder why the director chose not to reveal her backstory? The same question intrigues when trying to understand Ushasie's choices about love and lust.When Parno dumps Anubrata in a boys-do-cry scene, it curiously evokes laughter! When Rudranil and Ushasie get intimate, it could have got sensual. \"Bedroom\"'s punchlines, trendy music, interesting styling and an I-know-thismilieu-well spirit might have worked in its favour but the film could certainly have been more interesting if a sense of empathy was created for the characters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11430432", "title": "Case registered against car smuggler Alex", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi city police on Monday registered a case against Alex C Joseph, detained under the Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act (Cofeposa) at Pojappura central jail in Thiruvananthapuram, for possessing a fake passport.A police team from the Palarivattom police station went to the central jail and formally recorded the arrest of Alex in connection with the case. The case was registered based on a formal request submitted to the police station by the Kochi unit of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI).Alex has been detained under Cofeposa for illegally shipping in nearly 500 high-end cars, mainly BMW , Mercedez Benz and Toyota , to India from the Gulf countries during the period 1997 to 2000.It was the DRI that conducted a probe into the smuggling activities of Alex of Tiruvalla and issued Cofeposa against him in the year 2000 after he was charged with illegal import of expensive cars from Dubai and evasion of Customs duty to the tune of Rs 500 crore.Alex was arrested by the immigration officials at Rajiv Gandhi International Airport in Shamshabad on November 6, 2011, along with a passport taken in another name. As per DRI sources, Alex was carrying a passport with number T-389552 taken in the name of Abey John. The date of issue of the passport was October 20,1994 and the place of issue was Bombay. The address mentioned in the passport was \"Hardwar Building, Evershine Nagar, Malad (W), Bombay-400064.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429872", "title": "Youth held for making hoax call to IT firm", "text": "PUNE: A 23-year-old youth from Nanded district was arrested on Sunday for making a hoax call to an IT company that a bomb had been placed on its premises on January 3. The youth used to earlier work as a security guard at the company.Senior police inspector of the Hinjewadi police station Ganpatrao Madgulkar identified the suspect as Jaipal Rajendra Pethe of Tupshelgaon village in Nanded district. According to Madgulkar, the company officials told him that the IT company had lost business worth Rs 65 crore due to the hoax call.He said that on January 3, Sambhaji Gaikwad, security supervisor of the IT company located at Phase II of the Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park in Hinjewadi, received a call on his cellphone. \"The caller told him that a bomb had been planted on the premises of the company.\"Madgulkar said the Hinjewadi police, the bomb detection and disposal squad and the dog squad rushed to the company's office. \"We evacuated around 3,700 employees and thoroughly checked the entire premises. However, nothing suspicious was found,\" he said, adding: \"We had registered an offence under Information and Technology Act against the unidentified caller.\"While investigating the case, the police found that the call was made from a cell number registered in Lohegaon. The police traced the number to a woman in Lohegaon. \"She said she had given the sim card to her friend. When we contacted her friend, she told us she had lost her cellphone in Sadashiv Peth in October 2011,\" he said.Madgulkar further said investigations revealed that the hoax call was made from Vanali village in Nanded district. \"A police team including assistant police inspector Dhananjay Jagdale, police constables Raju Kedari, Hanif Shaikh, Dhanraj Kirnale and Rajendra Shete went to Nanded and traced the call to Pethe.\"During interrogation, Pethe admitted making the hoax call. \"After making the call, he broke the sim card, which we have recovered from him,\" assistant police inspector Dhananjay Jagdale said.Jagdale said Pethe was working as a security guard at the IT company from April 21 to 29, 2011. He had left the job within eight days, citing medical problems as the reason, and had gone back to his native place.\"He claimed he had purchased the sim card from Nanded. However, he has not revealed yet why he had made the hoax call,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431598", "title": "GJM wantsd ST status for Gorkhas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) on Monday demanded Scheduled Tribe status for all Gorkhas living in Darjeeling Hills area, recruitment of Gorkhas in central armed police forces and immediate release of central funds promised for the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA).These demands were placed by the GJM at a tripartite meeting here with the central and West Bengal governments.\"We want that Gorkhas living in Darjeeling should be given ST status,\" GJM general secretary Roshan Giri said after the meeting.He said detailed plan estimates worth Rs 93 crore for carrying out development works was submitted to the central government and a representation was given to release the funds at the earliest.The money is part of the Rs 200 crore package the Centre announced for the development of Darjeeling Hills and its adjoining areas. A tripartite draft memorandum of agreement on Darjeeling was signed in July for creation of the new hill council GTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430610", "title": "Delay in pipe shifting stalls flyover work", "text": "CHENNAI: Work on the Porur flyover has stalled since March 2011 because Metrowater is yet to shift pipelines, according to the highways department. \"The Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board has to shift 3,100 metres of water pipes from the centre to side of the road.They haven't done even one metre yet,\" said a highways department official. He said the department paid Metrowater Rs 5.35 crore to shift the pipes in February 2010. \"If Metrowater completes its work, we can finish the flyover in a year,\" said the official.Metrowater officials say the delay is due to lack of coordination among utility agencies. \"We chose a contractor but could not get permission from corporation to dig the road and move the lines. As the cost kept escalating, the contractor refused to continue with the work,\" said a Metrowater official. He said they are in the final stages of choosing a second contractor. \"In a week or so, we will choose the contractor and we will finish the work in a month,\" he said.The work on the flyover started on February 2, 2010 and it was to be completed by August 8, 2011. Only 10% of the work has been completed. In the beginning, the project was delayed because the highways department could not find a contractor. Most contractors did not want to bid as they felt the road was too congested to unload material. The design of the flyover was changed from double to single column. Land acquisition was completed in July 2011 with Rs 19 crore of the Rs 35 crore budget used for the purpose.The work on the four-lane flyover started on February 2, 2010, and it was to be completed by August 8, 2011. Only 10% of the work has been completed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11432562", "title": "Handia: Young voters, aging candidates", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Call it an irony or simply lack of will on the part of political parties to field younger candidates, the constituency of Handia, which boasts of a large number of young voters in the district, has almost all political parties fielding 50-plus candidates.The constituency in trans-Ganga area, which was earlier represented by ousted state higher education minister Rakesh Dhar Tripathi, comprises Saidabad, Dhanupur and Handia blocks with a total strength of 3,15,994 voters - 1,75,923 males and 1,40,071 females. Out of this, about 1,22,242 voters are in the age group of 19 to 29 years, that is, roughly about 37.9% of the total electorate in the constituency. Moreover, 50% of them are first-time voters, a reflection of the fact that youths are a force to reckon with in the area.However, apparently unmindful of these figures, most of the parties, including the Congress and the BJP , have fielded candidates who nowhere meet the parameters of 'youth'. While the Congress has fielded its septuagenarian leader, former state minister, Rajendra Tripathi from the seat, its arch-rival Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has fielded Vidya Kant Tiwari, who is nearing his 60s.Ditto with other parties. The Samajwadi Party (SP) has fielded liquor baron and one-time MLA, Mahesh Narayan Singh from the seat, who is 55-plus. The ruling Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), after dropping the ticket of Rakesh Dhar Tripathi's nephew, Dr Pankaj Tripathi, has decided to pit SP detractor, Ram Milan Yadav, who is also 55-plus.\"Fielding a fresh face would have created an instant bond between the candidates and us young voters, but the parties seemed to have missed the opportunity,\" said Uma Mishra, who is set to vote for the first time in this assembly poll.\"It is an indication of how sincere political parties are about bringing the youth into the mainstream of state politics by providing them representation in terms of ticket distribution. As the youth today are agents of socio-economic change, their formidable presence in the constituency should have worked as a determining factor in the distribution of tickets by all political parties, but the reality is otherwise,\" said Handia resident and prominent 40-something lawyer, Jyoti Prakash Mishra. Incidentally, Mishra is a kin of former chief minister, Sripati Mishra.\"It seems that all parties only make tall claims of fielding young faces in the elections, but when it comes to implementing the policy in right earnest, they succumb to realpolitik and back out on some ground or the other,\" he added.Shailendra Shukla, a 28-year-old teacher, said, \"The young leaders in various political parties could have been given a chance from this seat, but the present line-up indicates the young have to wait till the next election for their chance.\"Interestingly, apart from regular voters, this time around 177 eunuchs would also cast their votes in the assembly elections. Out of this, the highest number is 39 from Handia assembly constituency, followed by 28 in Pratappur and 15 each in City South and Phulpur. The number of eunuch voters in other seats is as follows: 14 in Koraon, 13 in Meja, 12 in Soraon, 11 each in City North and West, 9 in Karchana and 5 each in Phaphamau and Bara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11437881", "title": "Indian Embassy moves into a brand new building in Beijing", "text": "BEIJING: The Indian Embassy in China on Tuesday moved into a brand-new building in downtown Beijing, in a magnificent structure made of sandstone and other materials imported from home providing a distinctive Indian look.Indian Ambassador to China, S Jaishankar along with all other staff informally moved into the new building, built at a cost of nearly USD 10 million.\"Formal opening ceremony will be held after the Chinese New Year later this month,\" Jaishankar told Indian media here.The 13500 sq mt compound, located close to US, Malaysia , Israeli and Brunei embassies, also houses a cultural complex and an auditorium which could accommodate about 100 people.This is the second time that the Indian Embassy moved its premises ever since it opened its mission here in Beijing in 1950s after the People's Republic of China (PRC) was established.The embassy had to move away from its first building during the chaos in Cultural Revolution in 1966 and later shifted into a bungalow near Ritan Park in central Beijing after acquiring it on a 99-years lease.The Ritan premises also has a separate bungalow serving as the residence of Ambassador.\"The old premises will remain with the Indian mission. It would be used for future activities,\" Jaishankar said.Designed by Indian architect Raj Rewal, the new building brings under one roof all offices of the embassy.Till now, the cultural centre was housed in one of the commercial complex in central Beijing which has now moved to new premises.However, the new building was designed when the relations between the two countries began improving with bilateral trade worth about USD 15 billion.Last year, the trade volume touched record high of over USD 61 billion and this year it already crossed USD 67 billion.Stepping up their diplomatic engagement, the two countries fixed a new trade target of USD 100 billion by 2015.The embassy currently has 29 diplomats and 33 non -diplomatic staff from India.Though the new premises are just good enough for the present staff strength, but its circular structure may not offer much scope for any major future expansion as it also houses 16 staff quarters.The land for the building was acquired on a 90-years lease in 1989 for RMB 6.75 million and the construction cost of about USD 9.5 million, the Indian diplomat added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431504", "title": "5 arrested for unlawful activities", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's wanted criminal Pawan, who carried a cash reward of Rs 25,000 on his head, and four others were arrested by a team of CIA Panipat on Monday.Spokesman of the police department said the accused had been involved in many unlawful activities. They were identified as Pawan alias Bouna alias Vijay, a resident of Malikpur; Amandeep alias Aman of Kumaspur road, Govindnagar; Sagar alias Tinku of house number 240, Railway Colony Ludhiana; Mohit alias Ramchander, who lived near Jasram bridge in Ludhiana, and Niranjan alias Amit of Jaipur Gadhri in Safidon.The spokesman said, \"The accused have confessed to their crimes. Pawan, Aman, Sagar, Mohit, and Niranjan robbed a Vodafone office near Paramhans Kutia at gunpoint. The same day, Pawan, Aman and another accused looted Rs 22,000 and stole a motorcycle near Devi Lal park in Panipat.The accused were booked under sections 399 and 402 of IPC, and sections 25, 54 and 59 of the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430986", "title": "Amit Shah summoned for questioning in Tulsiram case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former minister of state for home Amit Shah has been summoned by CBI for questioning in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case on Tuesday. Shah, who has already been arrested in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, is likely to be questioned at CBI's headquarters in Delhi.\"Shah will be grilled on his involvement in the Tulsiram case,\" said a CBI source. Chief investigator of the case, superintendent of CBI, Vinay Kumar has reached Delhi for Tuesday's questioning. The probe agency needs to grill Shah in Delhi because the Supreme Court has barred the former MoS from entering Gujarat till his bail petition, pending in the apex court, is decided.The CBI had arrested Shah in July 2010 after accusing him of masterminding the fake encounter. CBI in its chargesheet in this case accused Shah of colluding with certain senior officers of Gujarat police to run an inter-state extortion racket. In October 2010, Gujarat high court granted him bail. CBI had challenged Shah's bail in the apex court and since then the former MoS has been directed to remain outside the state.According to evidence gathered by CBI in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter cases, the conspiracy to kill Sohrabuddin was hatched in 2004 when an incident of firing took place in the office of Popular Builders in Navarangpura.CBI officials had moved the SC with their plea to take over the Tulsiram encounter investigations as well. The probe agency had told the apex court that Tulsiram's encounter at Banaskantha in 2006 was part of the larger conspiracy to eliminate Sohrabuddin. CBI officials said that in 2005, a team of Gujarat police had abducted Tulsiram along with Sohrabuddin and Kauserbi from a bus in Hyderabad. And, that he was killed a year later because Tulsiram was an eye-witness to Sohrabuddin's staged encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangkok", "code": "11434903", "title": "Republic Day: Thailand PM to be chief guest at parade", "text": "BANGKOK: Thailand's first woman Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra will be the chief guest at India's Republic Day parade celebrations on January 26, Thai trade representative Nalinee Thaweesin said here on Tuesday.Yingluck, who became Thailand's first woman prime minister last July, will arrive in India on January 24 on a three-day official visit.During her visit, Yingluck will hold talks on ways to increase trade and investment opportunities between the two countries, particularly in energy, petroleum and food industries.Yingluck is the youngest sister of former premier and tycoon Thaksin Shinawatra .Nalinee said Thailand viewed India as a major strategic economic partner because it was a big market with a population of more than 1.2 billion people.Once the Asean economic community takes affect in 2015, Thailand could become a trade and investment gateway to the community for India, while India would be a distribution centre of Thai products to countries in the South Asia region, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11431478", "title": "Pak: Arrest awaits Mush as soon as he returns home", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's government said on Monday that former military ruler Pervez Musharraf will be arrested from the airport when he returns to the country.Addressing a public rally in Karachi on Sunday via a video link, Musharraf had announced that he would return to Pakistan between January 27 and 30, despite 'baseless' court cases against him.\"I would face all the 'fake' cases in the courts filed against me ,\" the retired general had claimed. His return to country will end his fouryear-long exile in London .Talking to reporters on Monday, Manzoor Wasan, home minister of Sindh province , said that the government had received warrants for Musharraf 's arrest and arrangements had been made to send him to jail in Karachi.He said that Musharraf will be sent to C-Class prison, which may be changed to AClass if the court orders it. Interior minister Rehman Malik had earlier stated that proclaimed offenders like Musharraf should be arrested .Musharraf is wanted in various high-profile cases, including his alleged involvement in former premier Benazir Bhutto's murder and the killing of Baluch nationalist leader Nawab Akbar Bhugti.Memo case: Kayani, Pasha replies to SC illegal, says GilaniIn yet another twist in the memo scandal , PM Yousaf Raza Gilani on Monday suggested that the replies submitted to the supreme court by the chiefs of the army and ISI was \"unconstitutional and illegal\" as it were sent without obtaining the government's approval.The responses given by the army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and the director general of the ISI, Lt Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha to the supreme court in connection with the alleged memo did not have the approval of the competent authority as required under the rules of business, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11433087", "title": "Jharkhand asks Bengal to return 45 villages", "text": "DHANBAD: Jharkhand has asked West Bengal to hand over 45 villages of Malda district to the state as they belonged to Jharkhand.State revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahto said on Monday that there was a long-standing dispute between the two states over the control of these villages. \"It (dispute) was basically because of the changing course of the Ganga river near Sahebganj diara areas. The river shifts its course, as a result the villages which belonged to Jharkhand are claimed to be in West Bengal. These villages were located between Sahebganj and Malda districts.\"Mahto said Jharkhand had also asked Bihar to hand over the original map of Sahebganj district to enable the state government to fortify its claim on the 45 villages from West Bengal. The map was prepared during the division of Jharkhand in 2000. \"Talks at the official levels between the two states are on,\" he said.Mahto regretted that the Chhotanagapur Tenancy Act was not being enforced honestly by the officers and lands owned by the tribals were being transferred in the name of non-tribals . The revenue minister said the much publicized Dhoti Saree Scheme of the state government to supply clothes to the BPL families would be taken up soon. He claimed the subsidized \"dhal bhat\" scheme introduced last year was successful.The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha leader staked the claim of the party on the Hatia assembly constitutency and hoped the alliance partners would reach a settlement soon. He said in Mandu byelection, the JMM had wonthe seat as the party nominee was the natural choice. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430824", "title": "Five held for stealing 3,200 China phones", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five persons have been arrested in connection with the theft of around 3,200 mobile phones of Chinese make from a wholesaler in December. Of the five accused, two were receivers of the stolen goods. As many as 2,800 phones-worth Rs 30 lakh-have been recovered from them.The accused, Deepak, 20, Yashwant Singh, 26, and Sanjay Singh, 24, were involved in the robbery. The stolen goods were sold off to Pramod and Nitin Tomar. Their associates Nitin, Ravi and Suraj are on the run. The additional commissioner of police (central district), Devesh Srivastava, said Deepak was an employee of the wholesaler whose shop was burgled by his gang. He had joined the shop two months ago. He agreed to take part in the heist after his friends assured him that they will not be caught, police said. Wholesaler R P Hasriya informed the cops about the robbery on December 18.Deepak went missing after the incident, and suspicion immediately fell on him. \"Deepak, Yashwant and Sanjay were identified with the help of the CCTV footage of the market,\" Srivastava said.Yashwant was caught on January 6, following which Deepak and Sanjay were nabbed. \"Deepak had made duplicate keys of the godown,\" added Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431127", "title": "Diaspora seek centres for cultural and linguistic links", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD) concluded its 10th annual meeting on Monday, with the diaspora reminding the Indian government about some of its long-pending demands.Even as the diaspora in major nations of the world was looking for more opportunities to engage with India, there were still others who were struggling to get identified for their Indian roots. The diaspora residing in France's Guadeloupe and Reunion Islands were a case in point.\"We are the 5th and 6th generations of the Indians who migrated to the Reunion Island. We have lost our original language and culture, but the 3,00,000 people of Indian origin there have a strong desire to reconnect with our roots,\" said Jean Regis Ramsamy, a journalist from the Island and vice-president of the Global Organisation of People of Indian Origin (GOPIO).The Indian diaspora at the Reunion Island once again raised the demand to be recognised as People of Indian Origin (PIO) on Monday. \"When the Indian flag was hoisted and the national anthem sung for the first time in Guadeloupe Island in May 2011, the people of Indian origin there broke into tears and felt the Tricolour with their fingers,\" recounted Mahen Utchanah, former minister and president of GOPIO International East, while placing a similar demand of the Indian diaspora in the French Island.At a penultimate session at the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD), the different organisations of the PIOs and the non-resident Indians (NRIs) deliberated on how they were contributing to India's development and what their expectations from the Central government here were. Former ambassador and governor for India, International Atomic Energy Agency , T P Sreenivasan moderated the session and recorded the diaspora demands that would be forwarded to the Overseas Indian Affairs department.The diaspora demanded that the PIOs be allowed to have ownership titles of agricultural land here. \"Our forefathers owned agricultural land in India before migrating to other nations. Why these PIOs should be barred from owning agricultural land here?\" a participant at the session wanted to know. The issue was supported by almost all the participating organisations at the session.Another common demand was that the Indian government should help set up centres of cultural exchange in the countries where PIOs were losing links with their roots. \"These centres will help revive the Indian languages, dialects and culture that have been lost over the generations,\" said Ramsamy. Minister for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi , who was briefly present at the session, said that the diaspora need to ensure a \"youth connectivity\" by keeping the Indian language and culture alive wherever it resided.There were some confusions regarding the status of the Overseas Indian Cardholder (OIC) and voting rights granted to NRIs. It was clarified that the voting rights were being given only to the NRIs who were enrolled in the voter lists back at their native places. The PIO status was demanded for Indians residing in Nepal , too, but the issue could not find favour with the organisers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430704", "title": "A medical centre for diabetes care in city", "text": "CHENNAI: Agada Diabetes Care, an upcoming medical center in T Nagar, was inaugurated on Monday by Governor K Rosaiah. The venture is promoted by Dr Mohan Thanikachalam in association with the Joslin Diabetes Centre, an affiliate of Harvard Medical School , US, to provide diabetes care and treatment. Agada Diabetes Care is spread over 25,000 sq ft on 5 floors.Dr Mohan Thanikachalam, founder-director of ADC, said,\"It is well known that India is the diabetes capital of the world, and many prestigious institutions are working hard in fighting this epidemic. However, access to healthcare is still a challenge. Patients seek medical help when the disease has progressed extensively. We realized that improving access to healthcare and increasing patient motivation to follow treatment plan would be the key to conquer diabetes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433626", "title": "Girls had a great time at Underground, HHI", "text": "Girls seemed to have all the fun on a Friday night at the Underground, HHI.With DJ Anshul belting out one chartbuster after another, we saw some groovy moves on the dance floor. A lady in a hot pink dress turned quite a few heads with her jiggy act, as she tossed her hair in sync with the music. Ashish and Manvi were seen having fun. Though hip hop numbers saw the crowd shaking their legs, it was however the desi numbers that got the best response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11431395", "title": "Fresh snow cripples Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Fresh snowfall crippled life in Shimla and low-lying areas of Jubbarhatti, Tutu and Shogi on Monday. The snow brought traffic on the Kalka-Shimla highway to a standstill till Monday afternoon, and erratic power supply added to the troubles. Water supply was also disrupted due to frozen water pipes.Engineer-in-chief of public works department (PWD) N L Sharma said, \"The snow removers are being operated regularly. The intermittent snowfall has, however, made the roads dangerous. Road for Banikhet, Dalhousie, Chandigarh and Bilaspur was cleared by afternoon.\"Towards upper Shimla, machines were on work on NH 22at Charabra, Kufri and Theog. We are hopeful it will be cleared till Narkanda soon,\" he said.Met officials at Shimla said that it was only after 2005 that such snow has been reported in the month of January in the low-lying areas of Shimla. In 2005, the accumulated snow measured 94.3cm and till Monday afternoon, the accumulated snow in Shimla stood at 50 cm with Jubbadhatti getting snow of 7cm. As per the forecast of the weatherman, snow or rain is likely to occur at isolated places in higher altitudes in the next 24 hours and dry conditions are likely to prevail from Tuesday in the state.Kanta Thakur, a resident of Phayal in Shoghi, said, \"We have observed snow after such a long time in our region and it is good for the crops and would fill aqua-reservoirs.Traffic was not cleared till afternoon and villagers, who go to sell milk, vegetables and other products from here, had to walk up to Shimla city and it took nearly two hours to reach there.Local residents were forced to stay indoors and offices observed thin attendance. People had to walk to the offices and destinations as vehicles could not ply on the roads, while frozen pipes in Sanjauli, Jakhu, Lakkar Bazaar areas made people melt ice and heat pipes to carry household chores.Shivani Maunta, a Sanjauli resident, said, \"In the morning, our taps had frozen and we had to heat the water pipes to carry on work.\" A resident of Bharari, Ram Lal, said, \"My daughter had to resume her college in Chandigarh and due to lack of transport, we had to walk nearly 10km from our home to board the bus, which was available only in the afternoon.\" Residents here were busy removing snow from rooftops and clearing roads.According to municipal corporation engineer, Vijay Gupta, said, \"Water supply has been sufficient and MC supplied 36.70 MLD to the city. No reports of frozen MC pipes have come in yet and it might be the individual pipes and overhead tanks that are frozen.\"He added MC labour and machinery as well private hired labour has been deployed to clear the thick layer of snow on the major hospital roads, including in Sanjauli-IGMC, Kennedy House, KNH high court and major pedestrian paths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11432584", "title": "UPSRTC bus journey troublesome in winter", "text": "KANPUR: The prevailing intense weather conditions are giving a tough time to the passengers travelling in the UPSRTC buses. The broken window panes of the buses are forcing the passengers to bear the biting icy winds.Most of the buses at Jhakarkati bus station have broken window panes. In some buses, tin sheets were fixed in place of glasses.The condition of most of the non-AC buses is terrible. The vehicles plying from Kanpur to Lucknow, Kanpur to Rae Bareli, Kanpur to Gonda, Kanpur to Jaunpur, Kanpur to Delhi various other routes are in bad shape.\"I have decided never to travel in buses again which have broken windows,\" said Manish, a local businessman.When the UPSRTC had introduced new buses on various routes, the commuters had praised the efforts of the state government. Many travellers from the city used the bus service to reach Lucknow, Varanasi, Ghazipur other parts of the state. \"However, since the last few years, the service on these routes was affected due to poor maintenance of buses,\" said Amit, another businessman.The service offered by the UPSRTC is poor. The tickets costs are higher. \"While the ticket fare between Kanpur and Lucknow by an express train is Rs 35 and the fare of bus is not less than Rs 75. It takes almost three hours to reach the destination by bus whereas it takes one-and-a-half-hour to reach Lucknow by train. So there is no need to travel in the buses with broken windows, better travel in trains unless it is urgent,\" said Puneet, a regular traveller.\"The buses are deplorable as most of the vehicles are operating under unhygienic condition. The passengers travelling in roadways buses can witness dusts, used water bottles, empty paan masala pouches and unbearable foul smell. No cleaning is done in the buses. No steps have been taken by the UPSRTC authorities to improve the situation,\" said another resident Prashant.The night journey often becomes worse while travelling in these buses. It is winter season now and with broken windows the chilly air comes in and makes the journey troublesome.A senior UPSRTC official claimed that there are no buses in the Kanpur region that have broken windows. The buses with broken window panes belong to other depots. The official said that he would inspect the buses and try to improve the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11434365", "title": "Box-office 2012 opens weak with 'Players'", "text": "A star-studded cast, high production values, huge budget, big banner - nothing helped 'Players' start the New Year on a positive note.Players opened on a very disappointing note and in a way reinstated the Bollywood belief in the myth that the first release of the year has a bad fate at the box-office. The film had everything one could ask for from a star-studded cast, Abbas-Mustan brand name, high production values, virgin foreign locations, huge budget and big banner to back it. Sadly nothing can substitute for lack of content, especially in times when the audience has grown smart.The opening day occupancy was surprisingly low at around 15-20% and the film never picked up in a huge way over the weekend either. The first weekend collection is said to be around Rs 15 crores which is certainly disappointing for a film of this stature. Poor performances, predictable suspense, average direction and too many loopholes in the narrative worked against this heist thriller which was officially remade from the Hollywood flick ' The Italian Job '.It seems uncertain then that Players can take advantage of low competition in its second week. The coming Friday sees three modest releases. Hriday Shetty's Chaalis Chaurasi having an interesting cast of Naseeruddin Shah, Kay Kay Menon, Atul Kulkarni and Ravi Kishan is a comic-thriller that happens over a period of one night. Shiny Ahuja's comeback vehicle Ghost is a horror flick but doesn't seem to be hot preposition. Lastly there is Sadda Adda which claims to be a youth-oriented film with all newcomers in its cast.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: PlayersPosition: 1Director: Abbas-MustanCast: Abhishek Bachchan , Bipasha Basu , Neil Mukesh, Sonam KapoorUpside: Interesting theme, thrilling train-robbery in first half,Downside: Poor performances, predictable suspense, average direction, too many loopholesRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: Despite a star-studded cast, lavish scale and Abbas-Mustan brand-name, Players opened on a disappointing note with only 15-20% occupancy. The first weekend collection is merely Rs 15 crore which is a disappointment for a film of this stature.Film: Don 2Position: 2Director: Farhan AkhtarCast: Shah Rukh Khan, Priyanka Chopra, Boman Irani, Kunal Roy KapoorUpside: Slick packaging, good cinematography, some exciting momentsDownside: Style over substance, everyone other than SRK underused, dull first half, unexciting music, ends as an average heist filmRunning Week: 3Box Office Verdict: HitFilm: The Dirty PicturePosition: 3Director: Milan LuthriaCast: Vidya Balan, Emraan Hashmi, Naseeruddin Shah, Tusshar KapoorUpside: Interesting story, good performances by Vidya-Emraan-Naseer, brilliant dialoguesDownside: Second half turns monotonous, abrupt climaxRunning Week: 6Box Office Verdict: Super hit!Film: Ladies vs Ricky BahlPosition: 4Director: Maneesh SharmaCast: Ranveer Singh, Anushka Sharma, Parineeti Chopra, Dipannita Sharma, Aditi SharmaUpside: Interesting plot, decent performancesDownside: Dull second half, love story spoils the con-essence of filmRunning Week: 5Box-Office Verdict: Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11429910", "title": "70% of milk in Delhi, country is adulterated", "text": "NEW DELHI: Beware, your daily glass of good health could actually be doing you harm. As much as 70% of milk samples picked up from the capital by a government agency failed to conform to standards.Of the 71 samples randomly taken from Delhi for testing by the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), 50 were found to be contaminated with glucose and skim milk powder (SMP), which is usually added to milk in the lean season to enhance volumes.Elsewhere in the 33 states and UTs study, milk was found adulterated with detergent, fat and even urea, besides the age-old dilution with water. Across the country, 68.4% of the samples were found contaminated.Only in Goa and Puducherry did 100% of the samples tested conform to required standards. At the other end were West Bengal, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Orissa and Mizoram, where not a single sample tested met the norms.Other prominent states fared just a shade better. Around 89% of the samples tested from Gujarat , 83% from Jammu &amp; Kashmir, 81% from Punjab, 76% from Rajasthan, 70% from Delhi and Haryana and 65% from Maharashtra failed the test. Around half of the samples from Madhya Pradesh (48%) also met a similar fate.States with comparatively better results included Kerala where 28% of samples did not conform to the FSSAI standards, Karnataka (22%), Tamil Nadu (12%) and Andhra Pradesh (6.7%).The samples were collected randomly and analysed from 33 states totaling a sample size of 1,791. Just 31.5% of the samples tested (565) conformed to the FSSAI standards while the rest 1,226 (68.4%) failed the test.A study conducted by Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) across 33 states has found that milk was adulterated with detergent, fat and even urea, besides the age-old practice of diluting it with water. Across the country, 68.4% of the samples were found contaminated.These were sent to government laboratories like Department of Food and Drug Testing of Puducherry, Central Food Laboratory in Pune, Food Reasearch and Standardization Laboratory in Ghaziabad, State Public Health Laboratory in Guwahati and Central Food Laboratory, Kolkata, for testing against presence of adulterants like fat, neutralizers, hydrogen peroxide, sugar, starch, glucose, urea, detergent, formalin and vegetable fat.Detergent was found in 103 samples (8.4%). \"This was because milk tanks were not properly washed. Detergents in milk can cause health problems,\" FSSAI official told TOI. The non-conforming samples in rural areas numbered 381 (31%) out of which 64 (16.7%) were packet milk and 317 (83.2%) were loose samples.In urban areas, the number of non-confirming samples were 845 (68.9%) out of which 282 (33.3%) were packed and 563 (66.6%) were loose.The most common adulteration was that of fat and solid not food (SNF), found in 574 (46.8%) of the non-conforming samples. This, scientists say, is because of dilution of milk with water. The second highest parameter of non-conformity was skim milk powder in 548 samples (44.69%) which includes presence of glucose in 477 samples. Glucose could have been added to milk probably to enhance SNF.The report asked state enforcement authorities to check whether the new FSSAI rules are being complied with. An earlier first-of-its-kind study of milk boiling habits that involved 2,400 women across eight major cities had found that Chandigarh leads the pack in boiling milk, doing it more than three times a day. While 84% women in Kolkata boiled milk for more than five minutes, about 46% of women in Pune preferred to boil milk in high temperatures. The study, by the Indian Medical Academy, said, \"About 49% boil milk more than thrice before consumption. Around 56% boil it for more than 5 minutes, and 73% don't stir while boiling,\" said Dr Pawan Gupta, IMA.Times ViewThis only confirms that food adulteration is common in India. Even milk, consumed primarily by children, isn't spared. What's particularly worrying is the kind of substances used to adulterate, including toxic chemicals. This shows the trade off between the risk of getting caught and the 'reward' of huge profits is skewed heavily in favour of the latter. The government must focus on raising the risks to the adulterator. One way of doing this is by hiking the penalty, including making it analogous to attempt to murder in extreme cases. It's equally important to regularly check foodstuff for adulteration and ensure speedy trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430409", "title": "In tony south, slums cry apathy", "text": "MUMBAI: Many areas in the BMC's A ward - like Cuffe Parade, Fort, Nariman Point, Navy Nagar, Colaba, Marine Drive, Fort and Flora Fountain - benefit from being the addresses of government and political activity.Zones comprising a huge number of upper-middle-class Mumbaikars are often the recipient of civic largesse. At the other end of the spectrum are slums tucked away in areas such as Geeta Nagar, Ambedkar Nagar, Ganesh Murti Nagar, Dhobi Ghat, Machchimar Nagar and so on. They appear to often bear the brunt of civic apathy.Not all feel entirely this way, though. Activists like Nayana Kathpalia, of Oval-Cooperage Residents' Association, said, \"Corporators' work is largely unseen by middle-class people, because corporators tend to focus only on slums.\" Still, the contrast in the ward is glaring and the four sitting BMC corporators, all of them Congress, are quick to point out that they do their best to hit the middle road. Most middle- to upper-middle-class people TOI spoke to were largely satisfied with what the civic body has delivered over the past five years, while slum-dwellers were unhappy.Kathpalia said there were not too many major problems in the ward. \"The pavements in most areas, however, are very bad. They were not laid very long ago, but in the first monsoon itself portions started coming off and the surfaces became uneven,\" she said.Anahita Pundole, who lives near Oval Maidan, meanwhile, completely discredited the work of the corporators. \"Only people living in this ward have made the difference and not corporators. Corporators are totally disconnected from the residents. They only turn up before elections,\" she said.The major concerns of society residents are related to footpaths and roads, while those of slum dwellers concern basic issues: water supply, drainage, cleanliness and sanitation. In three years from April 2008 to March 2011, the A Ward - which has electoral constituencies 224, 225, 226 and 227 - has received 4,888 citizens' complaints, most of them pertaining to drainage (1,217), licences (906) and solid waste management (805). Other problems that dog the ward are the need to repair or rebuild old cessed, Mhada buildings.Harish Tandel, resident of Machhimar Nagar, said their corporator Geeta Kanojia visited the ward only once in her tenure. \"Not only she, but all the corporators have simply failed to make an impact. It is wrong to say that there are no problems. From encroachment to water, every problem is unresolved. They do not put their minds to solve issues that matter,\" he said.Incidentally, Kanojia was the only one of the four corporators who was hesitant to speak to TOI about work undertaken in her area. \"If you want any details of work done in my area, contact the BMC headquarters,\" she said. In a report card recently released by the NGO, Praja Foundation, Kanojia ranked 181 out of 227 corporators.The other corporators are confident of easing differences between them and the voters. Ward 224 corporator Vijaya Dhulla said her party's next candidate will reap the benefits of her \"good work\". While underground parking remains a big problem, Dhulla said she attended to many complaints of evicting hawkers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11429949", "title": "Presidency mentors mentors want extra grant for teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: Quality doesn't come easy. Presidency mentors and the new university vice-chancellor thus want the state government to shell out some more money for the university teachers in the form of research and professional development funds. The funds will also ensure greater flexibility in conducting research activities so that new teachers get an edge over those in most other state universities.The matter came up in a meeting called by the Presidency Alumni Association where Sukanta Chaudhuri pointed to the gap in base pay scale of teachers in state and central universities. Since then, the mentor group has been trying to bridge the gap. Mentor group chairman Sugato Bose has been insisting on the government to provide better ammenities to Presidency teachers. Bose submitted the proposal to education minister Bratya Basu on Monday.Besides an improved pay, the mentor group wants the state to spend a one-time grant for the long-awaited revamp of the Baker Building and the Hindu Hostel. Considering the space crunch the new university has been facing since its inception , the group has also asked for funds for expansion of space. It also spend towards expansion of space as the new university has been facing a space crunch since inception.\"We want the government to award special status to Presidency, though it is one of the state universities, so that the teachers with best merit can be recruited. We are looking forward to the government approving the funds so that we can atleast make a mention of additional packages in the advertisements which will be published in the third week of January for recruitment,\" said chairman of Presidency University mentor group, Sugato Bose.The university wants the best pay and allowance packages to put it at a par with other institutes in the country or probably the pay which University Grants' Commission (UGC) allocates for central universities or universities with special status, said sources in the university.Apart from the pay packet, the mentor group wants the state to sanction unassigned research grants to the tune of Rs 4 lakh a year for distinguished professors and similar funds for associate and assistant professors. \"The money can be used in various development activities , going to conferences abroad, attending seminars, buying gadgets required to upgrade their knowledge and travel allocations,\" a university source said. The additional amount is estimated at Rs 7 crore a year.The university also suggests that the state should bear part of the conveyance fee transportation cost of those coming shifting their base from abroad. These apart, the state government has been urged to pump in at least Rs 200 crore for space expansion at the College Street campus and setting up of a second campus that the education minister had promised. In addition, another Rs 35 crore for maintenance and repair of the Baker Building, the Hindu Hostel and the Eden Hostel has been asked for. figures is what mentors want from the government.\"We have already started renovating Baker laboratory,\" said vice- chancellor of Presidency University, Malabika Sarkar.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had already announced that she was approving the proposals for instituting four chairs of professorship in the names of Jagadish Chandra Bose (on natural sciences), Rabindranath Tagore (on literature and cultural studies), Swami Vivekananda (on philosophy) and Subhas Chandra Bose (on economics, political science and history). In addition to these four chairs, And the state government in addition, had decided on its own to create another chair in the name of poet and revolutionary Nazrul Islam which has been passed on to the higher education secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431595", "title": "Finance ministry questions delay in highway projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has questioned delay in awarding of at least 4,000 km of highway projects even after these works have got necessary approvals. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has called for speeding up the process, sources said.Sources in the finance ministry said the issue was raised when highway minister C P Joshi met Mukherjee on Tuesday, where Joshi pushed the proposal of clearing more highway projects by Public Private Partnership Appraisal Committee (PPPAC).The finance ministry handed over a list of 46 projects that are yet to be awarded and called for speeding up the process, sources said. Of these, 28 projects are to be awarded by NHAI, while the highway ministry will award the rest. Some of these projects were cleared by the PPPAC in 2008. The projects include Eastern Peripheral Expressway (EPE) around Delhi, Khagaria-Bakhtiarpur, Ambala-Kaithal, Parwanoo-Solan, Trivandrum-Tamil Nadu border, Jabalpur-Bhopal and Varanasi-Gorakhpur.NHAI has set a target of awarding at least 7,300 km of NHs (national highways) during the current fiscal. So far, it has awarded about 4,500 km, and tenders have been invited for another 1,000 km. NHAI and highway ministry officials said they have prepared their response for the finance ministry, citing the reasons behind the delay in awarding of these projects. \"Some of the projects have been restructured and bifurcated to incorporate necessary changes. In other cases, like in Kerala, non-availability of land has been the main reason behind projects not taking off on time. Court cases have also delayed a few projects. The awarding of EPE is caught because of toll charge. There are different reasons for different projects,\" said a senior highway ministry official.The highway ministry is pushing for a blanket approval from the finance ministry for widening of 15,000 km highways to two lanes with 100% government investment, which has not found many takers in the finance ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11431814", "title": "No cars to be on road without registration", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to curb plying of unregistered vehicles in Gautam Budh Nagar, the regional transport authority has strictly directed all vehicle dealers in the district to deliver vehicles to customers only after completing the registration formalities. The same directives have been passed on to vehicle dealers in the adjoining district of Ghaziabad as well.In a meeting held with dealers of two, three and four-wheeler vehicles from the two districts, the regional transport authority passed the directions to dealers to desist from the practice of allowing vehicles on roads without having completed the registration formalities. The transport authority has also passed strict orders not to entertain customers who plead for registration at a later date and insist upon having their vehicles delivered to them first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431622", "title": "Sudden rains no threat to rabi crops, cotton may be hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sudden winter rains will not directly impact the rabi food crops but it could hit the cotton crop in Maharashtra, shaving off production volumes a bit.The rains lashing the country are expected to instead help the rabi crop with the showers leading to opening of the skies and providing much-needed sunshine to the fields. But the moisture is likely to aid the spread of the yellow rust -- a major disease that has already hit the wheat crop. The spread of the disease could harm the wheat crop unless checked in time.The rains helped raise the cold curtain of fog that had enveloped the food bowl states, Punjab and Haryana. Lack of light reduces the absorption of nutrients and the continued haze had deepened concerns. The sporadic though sharp rains lasting only a couple of days have eased the situation to the farmers' favour in most parts.Wheat was sown in 276.43 lakh hectares this year (as on December 30), a bit below the 277.95 lakh hectares sown last year. The area under coarse cereals too has seen a drop this year.The hail and rain in Maharashtra could hit the cotton crop though official estimates of likely damage are yet to come in. India is the second largest producer of cotton in the world and the cash crop is a major export item for the country.The Indian Meteorological Department has predicted rains in a few places in western Himalayas and a couple of areas in eastern Uttar Pradesh but the cold wave is expected to continue for the next two days with fog persisting in northwest India.The met department has projected that the rains would get scantier after the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11431827", "title": "Goa Board to review decision on 2nd term exam", "text": "PANAJI: Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has called a meeting of its general body on Thursday to deliberate on demands from students, parents and school heads for scrapping the new January exam. The additional exam was introduced by the board this academic year for Class X and XII students.\"We have been receiving persistent communication regarding the January exams. The board has, therefore, called a general body meeting where the issue will be deeply discussed and all aspects looked into before taking a final call,\" Goa board chairman Merwyn D'Souza said.The second term exam in January was introduced by the board because it would give students an opportunity to perform at a second test, marks of which would also be added to the internal assessment component as in the case of the first term exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11430454", "title": "City shivers at 7.20 C, colder nights likely", "text": "PUNE: The minimum temperature in the city touched a new low for the season at 7.2 degree Celsius on Monday. This is four degrees below the normal mark, for this time of year.\"We expect mainly clear skies in Pune, with no formation of clouds. Conditions like these are favourable for a further drop in temperature,\" an IMD official said.\"The northerly winds entering central and peninsular India are bringing cold air. Already, cold wave conditions prevail in most northern states,\" the official said.The city, in fact, had the state's second lowest temperature after Nashik, which shivered at 4.8 degree C, five degrees below the normal mark.The season's lowest temperature so far in Pune was recorded at 7.6 degree C on December 27. However, the minimum temperature had since gone up significantly to 18.1 degree C by January 1, following cyclonic storm Thane that hit the Tamil Nadu coast on December 30.Pune's lowest temperature for January in the last decade has been 4.7 degree C on January 27, 2006. The all-time lowest temperature recorded is 1.7 degree C on January 17, 1935.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11429943", "title": "Now, a Roman Holiday ride with Vespa on Indian roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: The famous scooter-ride sequence in all-time classic movie Roman Holiday as Joe Bradley (Gregory Peck) loses the helm to the enthusiastic Princess Anne (Audrey Hepburn) riding a Vespa through the cobbled streets is among the most enduring images in cinematic history. The Crown Princess's fleeting love affair with the American foreign correspondent in the enchanting comedy shot Hepburn to the fame and forever welded Vespas to Rome in the popular imagination.Now, nearly half a century later, the iconic scooter that has kindled romance the world over, is set to ride into India. Piaggio Vehicles Pvt Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Piaggio &amp; Co SpA, Italy, will enter the Indian market on its own for the first time with a range of 125-cc gearless scooters that are technologically a world apart from the one that Gregory Peck and Audrey Hepburn rode but retain the iconic styling that has been loved for generations.This isn't Vespa's debut in India though, having made two forays into the country through licensed manufacturing with Bajaj Auto in 1960s and LML Motors in 1980s. Back then, the Indian manufacturers had pushed Vespa as an affordable personal transport option when cars were owned by privileged few.This time, however, Piaggio is positioning Vespa as an aspirational luxury and lifestyle product with a rich history to trumpet. It aims to be the creme de-la creme in the 2.5 million Indian scooter market, a classic slot that is occupied by the lines of Harley Davidson and Triumph in motorcycles, Fiat 500, Mini and VW Beetle in cars.\"Vespa is a way of life. It is not a mobility product. Scooters come and go. But a Vespa remains forever. It's design is immortal. It is about style and fashion. It is for the brand conscious and discerning. It is about excitement and igniting passion,\" said Piaggio Vehicles India chairman &amp; managing director Ravi Chopra.Targeted at the young generation who seek to be distinctive and exclusive, Chopra said the Vespa scooters would be meant for people who had either arrived or were about to arrive in life. \"Around 18 million Vespas have been sold since inception. India, I am sure, will contribute strongly to the numbers despite being a premium product,\" he said, adding that there are plans to begin a Vespa club later in the year.The scooters, to be officially launched in April, will be manufactured at a 150,000 capacity per annum plant in Baramati, Maharashtra. The investment made in the venture is around 32 million euro. In the first phase, the scooter will be sold in 35 cities, primarily in north and west India. In the second phase, a couple of months later, more cities will be added in south and east.\"We expect the LX 125/150 to be an important offering from Vespa through additional models may be introduced later,\" Chopra said. Only time though will tell whether Vespa scooters will be able to weave their charm in the two-wheeler market that is overwhelmingly dominated by motorcycles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "11431526", "title": "Picked up by cops, youth found dead", "text": "BARNALA: A youth, apprehended by police here on charges of theft and snatching, has died under mysterious circumstances. Alleging custodial death, parents of the youth have accused police of beating the youth to death.Leaders of main political parties have demanded a thorough investigation into the mysterious death. Though police denied custody death of Hira Singh, 19, but they assured to investigate the allegations.With irate residents protesting at the civil hospital, demanding stern action against guilty, heavy police force had to be deployed at the hospital premises. Barnala DSP Sarabjit Singh said that postmortem by a board of doctors was got conducted in presence of a judicial officer and the proceedings were also videographed. The matter will be probed further, he added.Sekha road resident Kulwant Singh said that police had picked up his son Hira Singh on Sunday afternoon after charging Hira and his brother of trying to snatch and steal some mobiles at a local mobile shop. Though police had told him that Hira will be released soon after questioning, the family was informed in the night by police that Hira has been released near the railway station.However, the family failed to locate him anywhere near the station and came to about his death only in the morning. Kulwant said police had apparently beaten his son to death, but are concealing facts.Congress MLA Kewal Singh Dhillon and SAD nominee Malkit Singh Keetu reached hospital and demanded thorough probe into the incident. DSP Sarabjit Singh said that though a case of theft and snatching was registered, but when police team went to pick up Hira, he seemed to under the influence of drugs and did not arrest him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11429873", "title": "18 women among 20 poll observers appointed by ECI", "text": "PANAJI: Eighteen women are among a team of 20 general observers which are being deployed to Goa from February 13 to March 4, to ensure smooth conduct of the assembly polls scheduled for March 3.The, predominantly, women force including the two men, will be split into two groups for either district of the state; 11 observers for North Goa and nine observers for South Goa.Addressing mediapersons on Monday, nodal officer from the office of the Goa chief electoral officer (CEO), Durga Prasad said that the names, phone numbers and other details of these general observers for Goa will be published shortly.Besides, the election commission of India will also deploy expenditure monitoring observers and assistant expenditure monitoring observers to curb the use of money power to win elections. Prasad said that the election commission of India has also decided to appoint one flying squad for each assembly constituency. This means that Goa will have 40 flying squads enforcing the model code of conduct.Each flying squad will comprise a senior executive magistrate, a senior police officer, a videographer and three-to-four armed police personnel. The flying squads will track illegal cash transactions, distribution of liquor and any other malpractices to bribe voters.In a further breakup of the election monitoring apparatus, video surveillance teams, video-viewing teams, accounting teams, liquor monitoring teams, etc. will be appointed to curb electoral malpractices.This entire monitoring mechanism will have to watch over a total of 1,612 polling stations in Goa. North Goa has 946 polling stations, of which, 163 are urban and 783 are rural. South Goa has 666 polling stations, of which, 252 are urban and 414 are rural polling stations.Prasad said that till date, the CEO has received a total of 23 election-related complaints; eight from North Goa and 15 from South Goa. The CEO has disposed off four complaints in North Goa and five in South Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11432544", "title": "BJP candidate promises free land holdings to voters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: BJP candidate from City (North) assembly segment Uday Bhan Karwariya while speaking about his priorities said that beause most of the people in this area reside on the estate land, his priority would be to convert them into free hold and give ownership title to the people. He was talking to media persons on Monday.He also said that as most of the people of City North including Allahpur are grappling with the problem of waterlogging, his other priority would be to provide relief to people from the problem of waterlogging.He also said that traders of the city are also facing the problem of law and order due to which their business are being effected. His other priority would be to streamline the law and order situation.He also reminded that when he was the MLA from Bara, then there was massive problem of waterlogging in the Allahpur area for which he released about Rs. 5 lakh from the MLA fund.He also said that the people of City North are intellectually high and I am thankful to the BJP for giving the party ticket from this region. He said that he would once again start the developmental work in the city which was stopped after departure of Dr. Murli Manohar Joshi .He also said that he would establish the city of Allahabad on the development map of India.On question regarding lodging of complaint in the Election Commission for violation of model code of conduct for participating in the public outcry against falling of a temple's wall he asserted that he would be ready to serve the public cause even after numerous complaints are being lodged against me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11429656", "title": "Plaints filed in Lokayukta court against Congress MLAs", "text": "BANGALORE: Two Congress MLAs, father and son, have been accused of possessing assets disproportionate to their known sources of income.Advocate H C Prakash filed a private complaint before the Special Lokayukta Court against Vijayanagar MLA M Krishnappa and his son Priya Krishna, MLA of Govindrajanagar constituency in the city.The complainant has submitted documents to show that the declarations made by them to the Election Commission (EC) and Lokayukta do not match. According to him, the discrepancies in the declaration are to the tune of Rs 700 crore.In his declaration to the EC on April 21, 2008, Krishnappa had stated that he owned SLN Enterprises worth Rs 11 lakh. But, this is not mentioned in the declaration of assets before the Lokayukta on June 30, 2008. The complainant has also alleged that Krishnappa, who retired as police constable before entering politics in2001, had made assets to the tune of several crores in the name of his family members.Priya Krishna, too, the complainant pointed out, shows similar discrepancies in his declarations before the Lokayukta and Election Commission. He had shown fixed deposits of nearly Rs 43 crore in the declaration of assets as on March 31, 2009, before the EC, but these find no mention in the declaration before the Lokayukta.Judge N K Sudhindra Rao posted the case for hearing on January 12.SHETTAR ATTENDS COURTMinister for rural development and panchayat raj Jagadish Shettar appeared before the Special Lokayukta Court on Monday in connection with KGF BJP MLA Y Sampangi's bribery case.The BJP MLA was trapped by Lokayukta police in January 2009 for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh from businessman H M Farooq, at the Legislators' Home.Shettar, as assembly speaker, had given permission to Lokayukta police to prosecute Sampangi. On October 29, counsel for the accused had raised the issue, for which Lokayukta police had stated that Shettar could be called as witness, if need be.Following the summons, Shettar appeared on Monday and sought time to reply. He said he had sought the advocate-general's opinion before giving permission. Judge N K Sudhindra Rao posted the case for hearing on February 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430599", "title": "After tariff hike, TNEB plans special courts to try power theft cases", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) is planning to set up special courts for tackling electricity theft in the state after the tariff hike comes into effect.According to the Electricity Act 2003, state electricity boards have to setup special courts and police stations to tackle power theft. The state power minister's conference chaired by Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde in New Delhi in July discussed this to bring down transmission and distribution losses from an average 18% to 15%.While Mumbai, New Delhi, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala have such special courts, Tamil Nadu is yet to set up one. \"It requires a lot of funds. We need a special judge for each court. As of now district courts act as special courts, but exclusive ones are on the cards,\" said a senior TNEB official.The procedure is similar to that of setting up fast-track courts or special courts for land-grab cases. The proposal has to be approved by the state cabinet. It will then have to be tabled in the assembly and passed as a government order. It can be, however, challenged in a court. \"Such courts are necessary as power theft is a growing problem in Tamil Nadu. The special courts should impose high fine amount on those who steal electricity,\" said high court advocate N Raja Senthoor Pandian.TNEB incurs loss of around Rs 40 crore annually due to power theft. Tamil Nadu's transmission and distribution losses stand at around 18%, though it is low compared to other states. In Uttar Pradesh , Punjab and some north-eastern states, the losses are between 40% and 70%. \"All these years TNEB did not feel the need for setting up special police stations or courts. But probably after the tariff revision is done, we will need them,\" said the official.Tariff revision is something that TNEB officials have been eagerly awaiting. On November 17, 2011, TNEB submitted the proposal for tariff revision and it was formally accepted by the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) on November 25. \"The public hearing for tariff revision will probably be held in Chennai in the first week of February,\" said an official. \"We are planning to request them to pass the tariff order during March instead of April.\"Meanwhile, for completing the unbundling process by transferring assets, liabilities and personnel, TNEB has requested time till October this year. \"For the final transfer of assets and liabilities the audited accounts up to October 31 are required. This will be available only during June 2012,\" said an official.TNEB incurs around Rs 40 crore losses annually due to power theft. Tamil Nadu's transmission and distribution losses stand at around 18%, though it is low compared to other statesAll these years TNEB did not feel the need for setting up special police stations or courts. But probably after the tariff revision is done, we will need them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "11429966", "title": "Locals clash with criminals, gang opens fire", "text": "ASANSOL: A gang of criminals fired on locals at Norsumuda Colliery, prompting a roadblock for around two hours on Monday afternoon. The criminals opened fire after locals allegedly ransacked six coal-laden trucks at the colliery.A force led by Hirapur OC Uday Ghosh and CI Shyamal Biswas restored peace in the area. ACP (central) Sunil Yadav, who also paid a visit to the trouble zone, said so far one person has been arrested and three picked up for interrogation. A police picket has been posted and ECL has called a meeting with the local administration.Resentment had been brewing among locals for a long time over the loading, unloading and dispatch of coal at the colliery, which they claimed is controlled by CPI councillor Rohit Nunia. The men he has engaged as loaders are all outsiders, say locals, who had hoped that things would change with the change of regime in the state.Recently, a contractor from Raniganj bagged dispatch orders for about 400 tonnes of coal from the collieryOn Monday afternoon, when truckloads of coal arrived at the colliery, locals, mostly tribals, allegedly stopped them and demanded money from the truckers. When they refused, the locals allegedly ransacked six trucks.Once the news spread , around 100 people allegedly stormed into the colliery on cars and motorcycles. They allegedly fired 20 rounds and hurled bombs to disperse the villagers. Nobody was however injured. Police later seized two bikes and a 9-mm mouser from the spot.Those who were arrested or picked up were reportedly Nunia's men. The one who was arrested, Subrata Das, is from Murgaosle in Asansol and worked for the loaders, said sources. Nunia, however, claimed innocence and said none of his men was involved in the incident.To protest against the firing, locals led by Trinamool Congress leader Prem Kumar Tewari blocked the Burnpur-Chinakuri Road for two hours. The blockade was lifted after police arrived at the spot.Asansol mayor Tapas Banerjee blamed CPI and CPM cadres for the incident. \"We will not allow them to do what they did earlier, during the previous government's regime,\" he warned. Coal dispatch has been temporarily suspended at the colliery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11431024", "title": "Beautician found murdered in apartment at Mogappair", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old woman from Andhra Pradesh was found dead in an apartment on Mogappair-Ambattur Estate Road on Monday. This is the ninth murder in the city in just nine days of this year. Bhuvana Reddy (25) from Rajahmundry in Andhra Pradesh, who worked parttime in a beauty parlour in Tirumangalam, did not respond when her friend Shabitha Banu called.As her mobile was switched off for more than an hour, Banu grew suspicious and went to Reddy's house around noon. The front door was unlocked and she went in and found Reddy in a pool of blood on the floor of the bedroom. Banu told the police that Reddy had come to the city for tuberculosis treatment at a private hospital. She lived alone in the two-bedroom apartment. The kitchen knife used for the murder was found near her body. Police said she might have been murdered between Sunday afternoon and evening. As there was no sign of a struggle, police suspect the murder took place in a few minutes. \"We have picked up a few suspects and will crack the case tonight,\" said west zone joint commissioner of police K Shankar.The apartment watchman, a laundry man and another man who visited the house frequently are being questioned . Senior police officials and fingerprint experts put sniffer dog Rani on the trail who ran till Padikuppam and stopped.The victim had injuries on her stomach and left elbow. \"Since there were no signs of forced entry and the door was unlocked, we suspect the hand of a known person. Her jewellery was not stolen so it was not a murder for gain nor was there any attempted rape or assault. So we are investigating the angle of a love affair,\" said deputy commissioner of police ( Anna Nagar) Prem Anand Sinha.Though there are over 100 flats in the apartment complex , the neighbours were totally clueless about the woman's presence as her apartment was situated at the back of the building and Reddy kept to herself, neighbours said.Three held for murder of auto driverPolice have arrested three people a day after an auto driver was murdered in Tiruvanmiyur on Monday.The autorickshaw driver Harikrishnan (27), a resident of Chidambaraswamy Koil Street in Mylapore, was found dead inside his auto parked on third street Kamaraj Nagar in Tiruvanmiyur, close to the Adyar police station. Passers-by alerted the control room.On Monday evening, South Chennai joint commissioner of police K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said, \"Preliminary inquiries revealed that the murder was related to a love affair. We arrested Ganeswaran (20) of Tiruvottiyur and his associates Sasikumar (29) and Ramalingam (34) from Saidapet. We have recovered the knives used for the murder from them.\" Ganeswaran, a driver, fell in love with Priya (name changed) but she was seeing Harikrishnan. Gangeswaran had told Harikrishnan to break up with Priya but he refused. Ganeswaran complained to his brother, Saktheeswaran, who asked his friend Ramalingam to help out. Ramalingam devised a plan to kill Harikrishnan and roped in his friend Sasikumar, police said.On Sunday, Ganeswaran came to know that Harikrishnan planned to meet Priya near Tiruvanmiyur. He and his accomplices went to the place and waited. When Harikrishnan arrived and was waiting for Priya, the three stabbed him to death and fled. Tiruvanmiyur police registered a case under Section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code. The three men were remanded in judicial custody after being produced before a magistrate court.Welder killed, neighbour arrestedCHENNAI: Police on Monday arrested a 38-year-old man for murdering a welding shop owner after a quarrel got out of hand.Police said Chandrasekaran in a fit of rage pushed the victim Kasi Viswanathan down to the ground on Monday. Viswanathan suffered severe head injuries. He was taken to a private hospital nearby and later to the government hospital in Chromepet, where he was declared dead on arrival.Madipakkam police said Viswanathan used to keep his welding equipment on the road. His neighbour Chandrasekharan said this inconvenienced pedestrians and people who wanted to park vehicles . The two often argued about this. On Monday , Chandrasekaran and Viswanathan got into a quarrel again. Chandrasekaran lost his temper and shoved Viswanathan . He fell and was injured. Madipakkam police registered a case of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "11434172", "title": "Bobby Jindal takes oath as Louisiana Governor", "text": "HOUSTON: Indian-origin Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal took the oath of office for his second term before hundreds of people, with a focus on education and a pledge not to rest on the accomplishments of his first four years.\"I Bobby Jindal do solemnly swear that I will support the constitution and laws of the United States and the constitution and laws of this state,\" Jindal said as State Supreme Court justice Catherine \"Kitty\" Kimball administered the oath.Jindal who won re-election with no formidable challenge from democrats walks into his second term with a huge mandate.\"I love to boast about the progress the people of Louisiana have made over these past four years, but I won't and here is why. All of that was yesterday, we cannot stand, we must not rest on our laurels,\" said Jindal.He expressed the need for more jobs and even more gains in public education.When it came to overhauling education, Jindal said \"I believe we all need to check our party affiliations, our ideologies and our political agendas at the door... Reforming and improving education should not be a partisan issue.\"Getting our kids ready to face the challenges this world has to offer, getting them prepared to succeed and triumph should not be a political matter.\"\"Look our kids only grow up once. Waiting for the system to reform itself is not an option, now is the time to act,\" he said.Jindal said Louisiana has the goods to move forward.\"No state has faced what we have faced or overcome what we have overcome. The biggest natural and man-made disasters of our lifetimes happened right here in Louisiana over these past six years,\" he said towards the end of his speech.Former governors Kathleen Blanco and Mike Foster were also present.Jindal easily coasted to a second term Saturday, winning in a landslide election after failing to attract any well-known or deep-pocketed opposition.The 40-year-old Republican overwhelmed nine competitors in the open primary, where a candidate wins the race outright if he or she receives more than 50% of the vote.With four-fifths of precincts reporting, Jindal had received about two-thirds of the total vote.His closest competitor, Tara Hollis, a Democrat from north Louisiana, garnered about one-fifth of the total vote.All of the other candidates were in single digits.\"I will use every day, every hour of these next four years to make Louisiana the very best that we can be. I don't believe in resting on our past accomplishments.I don't believe in taking time off,\" Jindal told a packed hotel ballroom of supporters in Baton Rouge.Jindal piled up $15 million in campaign cash from around the nation and attracted no Democratic challengers with statewide name recognition or fundraising heft.He's had consistently high approval ratings since taking office in 2008.His win comes amid the virtual collapse of the Democratic Party's clout in the state.In the current term, Republicans have gained control of all seven statewide elected posts and both chambers of the legislature.Hollis was an outsider to the political establishment and was unable to drum up the cash needed to challenge Jindal or mount a big-ticket advertising competition.The first Indian-American governor in the US, Jindal is considered by some a possible presidential contender in the future. He recently published a book and regularly appears on national news shows, but he ruled out a 2012 run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433452", "title": "Jacqueline Fernandez is known as 'Jacky Bhabhi'", "text": "Only nine close family members were supposed to attend Farah Khan's birthday dinner on Monday evening.Surprisingly, apart from the parents and the siblings, Jacqueline Fernandez was also a part of the group, leaving no doubts about her association with Farah's brother Sajid.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Jacqueline is being secretly referred by Sajid's family as 'Jacky Bhabhi'. \"They have their differences like all couples. But the marriage is definitely happening. What really binds them together is that they're both family-oriented. He can give his life for his mother and sister. And Sajid loves the way Jacqueline looks after her parents,\" revealed a friend close to the family.Farah choosing not to comment on the Sajid - Jackie wedding, informed, \"To begin with, it was meant to be just nine people. And that included Sajid Nadiadwala and Akshay Kumar . Finally, the intimate list of nine grew longer. Everyone who called to wish said they're coming home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11433824", "title": "GSBs rally round \u2018Veera Venkatesha\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: For the nearly 5-lakh strong Gowda Saraswath Brahmin (GSB) community, the fragrance of 'Makara Sankranti', the first major festival of the calendar year brings good tidings.The GSB community starting January 10 up to 31 will rally round various events at the Sri Venkataramana Temple that starts with consecration rituals of the 208-year-old temple under the guidance of Sri Sudhindra Thirtha swamiji of Sri Kashi Math Samsthan.While an estimated 50,000 to 1 lakh devotees are expected to attend the consecration of the temple and installation of idols of Lord Veera Venkatesh, presiding deity of the temple on January 16, the numbers could swell for the car festival that gets underway on January 26. Suresh Kamath, a temple volunteer says arrangements are being made to serve around 35,000 GSB devotees on the day of consecration and 50,000 on January 17 which is open to all.Manju Neereshwalya, media coordinator, told TOI that the two-events of consecration and car festival has acted as a rallying point for the GSB community. \"We have been receiving email queries and phone calls from GSB community members in Dubai , USA and even Australia on what would be the best time to come down for these events,\" he said, adding that planning for holidays suitably to be part of both these events was uppermost on their minds.The rush, Suresh feels could happen around January 15, a day prior to the consecration and again pick up as car festival dates near. It is guesstimate of temple management committee that the rush could be towards the second half of the programme with devotees expected to make a beeline for the car festival. \"This will give them the opportunity to not only witness the car festival but also savour the splendour of the newly renovated temple,\" he adds.The intricate wood carvings depicting episodes from mythologies - Ramayan and Mahabharata, silver door for the sanctum sanctorum and a generous donation of Abu Dhabi-based devotee Mundkur Ramdas Kamath which has helped the committee fulfil its aspiration of a golden throne for the presiding deity will be some of the sights that await all. Ramdas has also donated an 'Om' pendant with navaratnas to go with the throne, Manju adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430042", "title": "Actors relive moments spent with Ray", "text": "KOLKATA: Did you know Soumitra Chatterjee had written a secret diary of his own while acting in Satyajit Ray's film Apur Sansar. He wrote as Apu and tried to imagine the boy's life. This helped him get into the skin of the character. Initially, Soumitra did not divulge this secret to his director. But one day, he shyly admitted it and to his surprise, Ray was highly impressed.Many such secrets tumbled out of Soumitra's memory on Monday as he sat with four other heroes of Ray's films in an adda session, organised jointly by the Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industries and Onnomon, an organisation to promote culture.\"On days when there was no shooting on the sets of Apur Sansar, I tried to trace the life of Apu and create my own story. When I divulged this to Manik-da, he would participate with me in spinning this story and taking it forward. I would go with him on Sunday mornings to watch Hollywood films. One day, he said what if Apu loved watching films?\" Soumitra reminisced and laughed, and the audience laughed with him. And indeed Soumitro was Ray's favourite hero, as compere Alokananda Roy, rightly said, \"for he has acted in 14 of Ray's films!\"Soumitro said that he would forever remain grateful to Manik da for making a hero out of him. \"Before I looked at myself through Ray's lens, I would always be quite dissatisfied with how I looked. At home several pictures would be taken in a box camera, but I was convinced that I looked like a murderer!\" Soumitro revealed another gem.Other four Ray's heroes in the adda session were Barun Chanda, Dhritiman Chatterjee, Arun Mukhopadhyay and Pradip Mukhopadhyay. Also present on the occasion was Aloknanda Roy, the leading lady in Satyajit Ray's Kanchenjunga, and Haradhan Bandyopadhyay.As the adda progressed, Alokananda asked Soumitra if he had always followed his director or if he had sometimes tried to add his own special touch. \"Take the case of Abhijan. I had suggested that I would speak my dialogues in that typical Hindi accent. I was able to more or less behave like a typical driver because I lived in Howrah in my youth and a large number of my friends were drivers. I had watched them so closely that it had was not difficult to copy them for my character, something that even made Manik-da say 'excellent'.\"Dhritiman, who started his acting career with Ray's Pratidwandi, also agreed that Ray allowed his actors to act their parts. \"You would hardly see my character smile. Mine was the role of an angry young man. Fortunately, I got to play a role that I could identify with - a youth in the 70s. While playing my part, I could make out that Ray effortlessly eked out the anti-hero from inside me,\" he said. He said he had come to act with Ray because he wanted to see the genius at work and he would live to know gthat he was extremely lucky.Arun Mukhopadhyay, who is otherwise an extremely talented theatre actor and whom Ray turned into a young defiant youth in Kanchenjunga, remembers Ray's precision. \"He was unbelievably economical with the raw material he used. There was absolutely no wastage. Can you imagine a film of Kanchenjunga's depth getting completed within 27 days?\" Arun said. \"The beauty of my role was that, I was a middle class youth, full of typical middle class pride and Ray gave me enough opportunity to explore my character.On the way in which Ray selected his heroes to suit the roles, Barun Chanda, who played a corporate executive for Seemabaddha, said, \"I used to work for the advertising house, Clarion. Naturally, I had a corporate identity that suited my role.\" Spilling a new secret, he said that he had requested a publishing house to allow him to be a freelance journalist for one day so that he could interview Ray. This was much before he was offered a role by Ray.All Ray's heroes agreed that they had learnt to master the script in a special way because of Ray. \"He taught us how to deliver the dialogues without memorising them. Ray insisted that we should never parrot our scripts as that would take the fun out of acting.\"Kolkata: Did you know that while acting in Apur Sansar, the third film in Satyajit Ray's Apu Trilogy, Soumitro Chatterjee wrote a secret diary of his own. He wrote as Apu and tried to imagine his life outside the purview of the film or the story. This helped him get into the skin of the character even more deeply. Initially Soumitro did not divulge this secret to his director, Ray. But one day he shyly admitted it and to his utter surprise, Ray was highly impressed. This and many more secrets tumbled out of Soumitro's memory, as he sat with four other heroes of Ray's films in an adda session on Monday, organised jointly by the Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industries and Onnomon, an organisation to promote culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430062", "title": "Bratya to meet student unions on January 17", "text": "KOLKATA: Education minister Bratya Basu on Monday called for an all-students political party meeting on January 17 at Bikash Bhavan to bring an end to campus violence across the state.\"Our primary objective is to cut down on the recent spate of violence in colleges. As decided, Higher Education Council chairman Sugato Marjit will coordinate with the students' organisations who'll send one member each for the discussion,\" Basu said. He also urged Marjit to speak with the election commission and take its suggestions. A draft guideline will be prepared on college union elections only after talking to all the stakeholders. It will then be forwarded to chief minister Mamata Banerjee for approval.\"If instructed by the chief minister, we may decide to make it a rule or turn it into a law,\" Basu said.\"The Lyngdoh Commission Report will be consulted along with other guidelines that are related to the college elections and then draw a framework,\" said Marjit. While Chhatra Parishad welcomed the move, SFI state president Kaustav Chatterjee said they had not received any information.Chhatra Parishad welcomed the move by the government and education minister. \"If there is a positive approach towards resolving the problem of campus violence from the government, we will definitely participate in the talks and express our concern and grievances. But, the government should stop their attempt to show the violence in campuses as a minor incident first,\" said President of Chhatra Parishad Rahul Roy.SFI state Presidenct Kaustav Chatterjee however said, \"We have not yet received any information or invitation. As and when we get it, we will discuss among ourselves and take a call.,\"Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad state President Baishwanar Chatterjee said, \"we will call a meeting and decide who will represent TMCP in the meeting. But, we will definitely participate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430326", "title": "Neighbourhood sports facilities: Open up field for kids", "text": "MUMBAI: Footballer Conrad Pinto is only partially joking when he says that each house in IC Colony, Borivli, has a footballer.The hitch is, there are few places for them to train. Troubled by this need, the Vintage Football Club, whose members include prominent players, spent Rs 30 lakh of its own money a few years ago to develop a playground that was being used as a dumpyard.Today, the oasis amid the concrete jungle attracts hundreds of trainees. \"We are currently running a camp for children aged 5-14 and some of them are naturals at the game,\" says Wilfred Fernandes, who along with Conrad, is on Vintage's committee. \"Not only do we allow them full use of the ground but also provide jerseys, shoes, stockings and a football.\" The enthusiasm for the game, though, comes from watching English Premier League matches.Children in IC Colony are fortunate but not alone. With individual and corporate initiative, clubs and academies have sprung up in several parts of the city that provide modern infrastructure for training in sports. Some charge a reasonable fee, while others cost a small fortune. Then, of course, there are gymkhanas that allow access to members' children and their guests for a fee.Billiards and snooker champion Pankaj Advani puts it best when he says, \"It would be fantastic and very convenient to have more training facilities in one's neighbourhood. Mumbai is brimming with people and it is hard to find enough space to set up state-of-the-art sporting facilities. Authorities and the society alike are trying to make sports more accessible, and although work is progressing at a snail's pace, the improvement is noticeable.\"Tennis ace Rohan Bopanna agrees: \"Having to travel a lot for training eats up quite a bit of your time and drains your energy. It becomes especially hard for youngsters who are trying to balance sports and studies.\"Advani says training for competitive sports will become more accessible to all now that the sports ministry has decided to throw open the gates of state-owned facilities to schools and colleges.Kids in Navi Mumbai do not have to wait that long. They have been flocking to train at the new DY Patil Sports Academy which is attached to Asia's first private cricket stadium and has the distinction of being open to all. Anybody wishing to train can use its facilities, with or without membership. \"Children as little as six years of age enrol at our cricket camps. We also have facilities for badminton, tennis and squash as well as a gymnasium. In some cases, even younger kids are allowed to enlist if their physique matches the requirement of the sport,\" says the academy's spokesperson Shyam More.Parallel upgrades are unfolding in south Mumbai. The Bombay Hockey Association is currently installing artificial turf and floodlights at its Churchgate complex. \"International level players come to train children at our premises where we run the Grassroots Hockey Club. The committee is now spending almost Rs 9 crore on providing improved facilities, the kind they have in European countries. Once we provide artificial turf and floodlights, children can play at any time of day or night. Most often we see they are burdened by schoolwork, tuition and projects during the day so this will make the game more accessible to them.\"The entry of private players has funnelled much-needed funds into the cause. Shirke Infrastructure, for instance, has taken up the task of providing international class coaching to children in various sporting disciplines at the MCA ground in south Mumbai. The firm recently installed a jogging track on the premises and will unveil a cycling track soon.\"We began only three years ago, and since then, we have installed facilities for badminton and lawn tennis. Apart from that we give special coaching to kids in chess, karate and taekwondo,\" says Ajay Desai, administration manager of the facility. In an offbeat move, the set-up also offers meditation programmes to children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430192", "title": "HC: Road audit case fit for PIL", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC's decision to appoint Swiss firm SGS Consultancy as quality auditor for Rs 900-crore road works without calling for tenders has come under the scanner of the high court.Corporator Niyaz Ahmed Vanu, has filed a petition challenging the decision to waive the requirement to invite bids. A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar on Monday said it was a fit case for a PIL. The court directed that the petition filed by Vanu be converted into a PIL.Last week, the BMC had appointed the Geneva-based firm to carry out regular audits of major and minor road works at a cost of Rs 6.78 crore. The works are being carried out by contractors for all major (more than 30-ft wide) and minor roads (less than 30-ft wide) at a cost of over Rs 900 crore.\"When it is a question of monitoring work of such large magnitude, the BMC should have ideally called for tenders, which it does every year,\" said Vanu. \"This is a clear violation of norms and sets a bad precedent.\"Vanu, a corporator for the last 25 years from Antop Hill, is the House leader for the NCP. \"I had raised queries in writing before the BMC, but the administration did not give me any reply and I had no recourse except to move the high court,\" said Vanu.Vanu said the municipal commissioner has discretionary powers to sanction works not exceeding Rs 50 lakh. \"On what basis have the works, which exceed Rs 6 crore, been awarded by bypassing the standing committee?\" argued Vanu.The BMC had pointed to the urgency of the works to justify not calling for tenders, but Vanu argued that quality audit was a routine and annual affair. \"The BMC should have simultaneously called for tenders to conduct quality audits when it invited bids for the road work,\" he said.Vanu also claims that the firm's appointment has come at a steep cost to the corporation. He has pointed to neighbouring Thane where the consultant is paid 0.35% of the total cost of the road works, as opposed to the BMC, which will pay SGS a consultancy fee of 0.85%. \"It is not the BMC's case that there were no other firms who do similar work. If the corporation had called for tenders, they might have got a cheaper rate, which would have benefited the BMC coffers,\" said Vanu.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta had earlier said in standing committee meetings that \"SGS Consultancy has world-class standard and has experience of auditing road work in this part of the world\".The petition is scheduled to come up for hearing before the PIL bench later this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430549", "title": "SoBo youth takes on cop for attacking stray dog", "text": "MUMBAI: A resident of Bhulabhai Desai Road, also known as Breach Candy or Warden Road, in south Mumbai has shot off a letter to the Gamdevi police against a cop who threw stones at a stray dog in the locality on Monday. The dog, Rocky, sustained injuries on her leg and back.In his complaint letter, animal lover Sailesh Ghelani said, \"At 1.15am, I looked out of my flat window and spotted an on-duty policeman hurling stones at a group of stray dogs near the spot where the American Consulate once existed. I immediately called up the police control room to tell them that one of the dogs was injured in the attack.\"The policeman was reportedly accompanied by a colleague on a motorcycle. After Ghelani informed the police control room, the duo immediately left the area.Ghelani, who is in his early 20s, told TOI, \"I would like the police to immediately identify the guilty cop so that such incidents of cruelty do not take place again. Rocky is, in fact, a very gentle dog and has never hurt anyone in the locality.\"The police have acknowledged receiving Ghelani's letter and promised to look into the matter.Ganesh Nayak of Animals Matter To Me (AMTM) said, \"This is an unfortunate case. We will soon raise the issue before higher officers. In fact, the AMTM is planning to distribute booklets on the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act (1960) in all police stations to create awareness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11431241", "title": "'Kushwaha will help us expose Maya'", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the hot seat since he welcomed a sheepish Babusingh Kushwaha three days ago, BJP vice-president Vinay Katiyar has known no peace.The din about the \"sell-out aided by UP leaders\" - even though the party has suspended the membership of the tainted former BSP minister - seems to be getting louder by the day. First, Kalyan Singh and now AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi has publicly alleged that Maya's pointsman paid his way into the BJP.However, the veteran leader from Ayodhya knows how to catch and throw back the brickbats coming his way. \"I have faced worst during the Janambhoomi andolan ... this is tame stuff comparatively,\" he tells Manajari Mishra, before he patiently explains how the set-a-thief- to- catch-a -thief bid will shake and stir election ...Q. What prompted the BJP to adopt Kushwaha? A senior leader, you must have known that taking in one of the most corrupt faces in Mayawati cabinet would lead to major tremors within the party and also among voters. What was the compulsion?I am a disciplined soldier of the BJP. If given a task, I try to carry it out with the best of my ability. So once the party decided to induct Kushwaha, I carried out the orders. I can't be faulted on this.Q. Were you not aware that muck would fly once Kushwaha gained entry into BJP, a party with a difference, as it likes to be called. BJP today has become a laughing stock.Ans. I won't say that. Let some days pass ... just wait for a fortnight and then see how dramatically the scenario changes. Kuswaha is just a mean to reach Maya's jugular. The man is extremely useful. Even Lord Ram with all his divine might could not have slain the demon king Ravana had his estranged brother Vibhishana not tipped him about the secret of Ravan's longevity. Kushwaha will provide us the most vital clues to nail Maya which CBI, under instruction from Congress, would love to sweep under the carpet. I would request BJP supporters to show some patience.Q. Do you have any reason to suspect the CBI, or your allegations against the investigating agency are part of the usual poll-time rhetoric?A. If CBI were actually impartial, it would have started with chief minister Mayawati who by virtue of her office happened to be the chairperson of NRHM; it would have gone after senior IAS officers who signed files to help state-sponsored swindling. Why are the prime suspects off the hook? Why are they targeting smaller fry and letting off the big fish?Q. Kushwha episode has provided your political rivals enough ammunition against the party. Kalyan Singh and Rahul Gandhi have slammed the BJP for the Kushwaha sell-out. Both leaders have publicly alleged that Kushwaha paid his way into the party.A. Kalyan Singh ji is my old colleague who enjoyed a high stature in BJP once . Therefore, I would not like to comment on him. But, Rahul must first look at his own men and women before pointing fingers. Let him talk about the kickback taken by Sheila Dixit and Raja first.Q. From supporting Mayawatii three times in UP to making her the prime target, BJP has come a long way indeed. What has brought about such a drastic change?Ans. Primarily her corruption and incompetence. Over the past five years, Mayawati has arm-twisted and milked her ministers to make a pile. And though by dropping ministers and MLAs she is pretending to purge her party, we know she is only replacing the used ones with a fresh bunch with better paying capacity. I tell you, Mayawati needs to be exposed. And this is where Kushwaha will come handy.Q. But how about the demoralized cadre you face now? No one is happy. Senior leaders like Maneka Gandhi , Yogi Adityanath etc have gone on record with their dissent.A. Many senior characters in Mahabharata had to go through trying phase. It happens. But everyone will come around ... they already have. As I said, BJP is a disciplined party. So there actually is no problem. All this news about rift within the party is a sponsored propaganda which deserves to be ignored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11429777", "title": "'Paint your freedom' by 80 artists", "text": "PANAJI: Vinsan Graphics will organize an exhibition of paintings, 'Paint your freedom', at the old Goa Medical College complex, Panaji, on January 12, between 2 pm and 8 pm. An art initiative planned to commemorate the golden jubilee of Goa's Liberation, the 'Paint your freedom' will feature 80 renowned Goan artists. Vamona Navelcar, Sadguru Chendvankar, Yolanda De Souza Kammermeier, Justin Lobo, Alexyz, Mahendra Alvares, Sridhar Kamat Bambolkar, Hanuman Kambli, Digambar Singbal will be among those participating in the exhibition. These artists will paint in their inimitable style and register their views using compelling visuals. Each will unleash his/her creativity on two grand canvases placed opposite the old GMC Complex in front of a multitude of art enthusiasts, students, business persons and distinguished individuals from diverse fields. Narayan Bandekar, industrialist and art aficionado will be the chief guest for the occasion. The event will be a coming together of artists to celebrate and offer tribute to Goa for completing 50 years of liberation and achieving progress on all fronts. This live expression of creativity will draw attention to Goa's rich artistic heritage, especially in the wake of the demise of world-renowned Goan cartoonist and artist Mario Miranda , states a press note.Workshop at Assagao college: The research and consultancy cell of Dnyanprassarak Mandal's College (DMC) of arts, science, commerce, Assagao, will organize a one-day regional workshop on 'Academic writings in social sciences', on January 16 in the college conference hall. It will be sponsored by Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR), Western Regional Centre, Mumbai. Academicians and research scholars who wish to participate in the workshop may contact the convenor on 2268488 or 9420979228.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11429944", "title": "Airline staff goofed fake passport situation: Report", "text": "VASCO: A report of an initial inquiry by the internal regulatory agency of the Dabolim airport has blamed airline staff for their failure to request an immediate security escort for the suspected passengers.Three Sri Lankans were found carrying fake passport documents while boarding a Frankfurt-bound flight at Dabolim and two were nabbed. But the third suspect managed to escape.Top official sources said, the regulatory agencies at the Dabolim airport in a report on the escape of the third suspect believed to be an active member of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam, have revealed that the airline staff was not trained adequately to deal with such a situation.Firstly, if the staff was sure that the documents of the three Sri Lankans were fake, they should have quickly asked for a security escort and should have responsibly handed over the suspects to them.Secondly, the staff is not the right authority to decide whether documents are real or not. \"This process of verification is done by immigration,\" a source said.\"Whenever such a situation arrives, it is the duty of the airline staff to tip off the immigration about the suspicion and not show it to the passenger that they are suspected,\" sources added.The moment they knew they were suspected, the third Sri Lankan had enough opportunity to escape.The two arrested- Guruparan Namasian and Kuwasingham Nivakaran-were produced before Vasco judicial magistrate first class on Sunday and are under five days police custody for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430960", "title": "Killer manja slits two throats in eastern city parts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With Uttarayan round the corner, casualties related to the killer manja has already started pouring in. Two citizens suffered grievous injuries when their throats were slit by the glass powder-laced thread in the last two days. The duo has been admitted to LG Hospital for treatment.According to LG Hospital police authorities, the first case was registered on Saturday. Uvesh Mohammed Rafiq Memon, 12, a resident of Memon Society, Danilimda, had started off from his residence at 4 pm on Saturday on a bicycle. Barely 500 meters away from his house, a thread cut his throat. While trying to remove it, the thread dug deeper and inflicted a serious injury. He was spotted by nearby residents and was rushed to the hospital.\"In another incident, Chandrashekhar Shukla, 60, a resident of Shubhlaxmi Society, Isanpur, was passing on his bicycle from near Jaymala Society in Danilimda at 7.45 pm on Sunday. At that time, he got tangled in a thread and sustained injuries on his neck. He fell from his bicycle and also sustained body injuries. He was taken to LG Hospital for further treatment,\" said a city police official.Last year, more than 10 persons lost lives and more than 50 were severely injured while celebrating kite festival on January 14 and 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430302", "title": "Govt job sops to derail teaching in pvt schools", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government is playing Pied Piper to small-time private school teachers in Hyderabad. With the state government announcing thousands of jobs, 12 to 40% of teachers in various private schools have gone on leave to attend coaching classes. The result: the academic year of 1,500 private schools in the city is now derailed, thanks to the employment sops of the Kiran Kumar Reddy government.Private school managements say that the numbers are soon to rise in the coming days with the revenue department planning to announce another 2,000 posts including that of village revenue officers and assistants adding to the 6,000 jobs which it had already announced in the last three months. The schools which have seen the exodus of teachers include those located in Amberpet, Badi Chowdi, Begumbazar, Koti, Abids and Krishna Nagar. Even some of the schools located in districts like Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada are also facing a similar problem.School authorities say that the exodus of teachers had started as early as October, 2011 when the state government announced its first round of around 24,000 jobs in the home department. In the months of November and December last year, after APPSC announced over 9,000 jobs ranging from Group I services to senior stenographers and social welfare wardens, schools witnessed a spurt in the number of leave applications from teachers. Private school teachers are also lured by opportunities in government schools where 50,000 posts are available this year. When compared to previous year's figure of 2.5 lakh, as many as 4.35 lakh teachers appeared for TET on Sunday.The most-preferred jobs for teachers include that of assistant directors in AP Forensic Science Labs, junior assistants in treasury and registration and stamps department and also village revenue officers, the minimum qualification for these posts is a graduation in any subject. The salary of these jobs range anywhere between Rs 18,000 and Rs 25,000 and this seems to be attracting more number of teachers who are paid a pittance in private schools. TOI had reported last month how poor salaries in private schools were driving teachers to appear for B Ed which would make them eligible for teaching jobs in government schools.With many schools in the city having lost about 35 working days due to bandhs, the lack of teachers has further slackened the chances of these students performing well in board examinations. \"Students are facing a lot of problems due to disruptions in classes owing to various bandhs since the last two months. Though the Sankranti vacation has been cut short, we are skeptical about completing the portions,\" said Sangeeta Reddy, a school management representative. There has been an unparalleled rise in the number of teachers joining these training institutions this year. \"Earlier, there were hardly about 20 to 30 teachers in an entire batch of 350, but now about 40% of a class comprises of teachers who are preparing for the village revenue officer posts,\" said Raji Reddy, from R C Reddy coaching institute.Management representatives of city schools said the government should not have announced these jobs in the middle of the academic year. \"We cannot blame our teachers for attending these tests. But the government should not conduct these exams, especially the TET examination in the middle of an academic year,\" said S Srinivas Reddy, president, AP Recognised Private Schools Managements' Association. The organisation has about 5,000 schools under its fold and all of them face the same problem, he said. There are some schools where about half of the total number of teachers have gone on leave, officials said.The state government is playing Pied Piper to small-time private school teachers in Hyderabad. School managements across the state report that 12 to 40% of teachers had taken leave to attend coaching classes to prepare for thousands of jobs announced by the state government in the last few months. The result: the academic year of 1,500 private schools in the city is now derailed, thanks to the employment sops of the Kiran Kumar Reddy government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430795", "title": "Mamata's opposition scuttles medical test", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test ( NEET), a single examination for filling MBBS and dental undergraduate seats in all medical colleges, will not be held this year as the Central Board for Secondary Education (CBSE), the brain behind it, withdrew its proposal from the Supreme Court on Monday.The Centre had faced opposition on the issue from states, including West Bengal, which wanted inclusion of Bengali as a medium for conduct of the test.On the application of CBSE for a single entrance examination to relieve students from the rigour of appearing in over a dozen eligibility tests conducted by different colleges, the court had sought views of the Medical Council of India and Union health and family welfare ministry. Both had agreed and the court had last year cleared the proposal leading to announcement of the test schedule by CBSE.On Monday, CBSE requested the court to permit withdrawal of the application. The bench initially intended to reject the request but later allowed withdrawal of the application.The Union health ministry said, \"The conduct of the test is a Herculean task which requires great deal of preparation and for paucity of time, it is practically impossible to resolve the issues raised by various state governments and hold the UG-NEET in 2012.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430892", "title": "HIV patient's blood may hold key to AIDS vaccine", "text": "NEW DELHI: Could an antibody from the blood of a HIV patient help create the elusive HIV vaccine?The hunt has begun to identify 100 volunteers belonging to a rare group of HIV infected patients who stay healthy for years without requiring life-saving antiretroviral treatment (ART). These antibodies in their blood are the ones that bars HIV from entering their blood cells and replicating , thereby progressing to AIDS.Scientists say these antibodies would ultimately reveal the Achilles heel of the virus and help create the elusive vaccine. This is part of International Aids Vaccine Initiative's (IAVI) programme called Protocol G, a global hunt for such antibodies launched in 2006.So far, blood samples of 1,800 such HIV patients have been screened across 12 countries and 19 broadly neutralizing antibody (bNAbs) have been identified. A bNAb is an antibody capable of stopping a variety of HIV subtypes from infecting their target cells.\"Only a minority of people who are infected with HIV produce bNAbs. Although HIV is a wildly mutable virus, certain parts of it are relatively resistant to change. These are essential to the virus's ability to infect , and they are the elements of HIV that bNAbs target,\" experts said.Just a few weeks ago, department of biotechnology (DBT) cleared the proposal to roll out Protocol G in the country. It is being implemented by IAVI and YRG Care from Chennai - the same organization that isolated the first HIV case in India in 1986.The blood samples collected from the 100 volunteers will be tested at Translational Health Sciences and Technology Institute (THSTI), which is being built in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11437402", "title": "Indians fail to cross qualifying round of Malaysia Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian shuttlers competing in the qualifying round of the Malaysian Super Series suffered contrasting defeats to crash out of the prestigious tournament at Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday.16-year-old prodigy, P V Sindhu, who won three senior level titles in 2011 to jump to world number 31, played her heart out before losing 21-17 16-21 18-21 to Lydia Li Ya Cheah in the women's singles qualifiers.RMV Gurusaidutt, too, fought hard but could not get past Daren Liew and lost 16-21 21-13 23-25 to the Malaysian in the men's singles competition.Anand Pawar also failed to cross the qualifying hurdle and lost 20-22 18-21 to Mohamad Arif Abdul Latif in another men's singles event in a 33-minute match.Top Indian star Saina Nehwal will start her campaign from Wednesday in the women's singles competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11429641", "title": "IIIT-B opens door to undergraduates", "text": "BANGALORE: Come August and International Institute of Information Technology-Bangalore (IIIT-B) in Electronics City will not just have postgraduates but also 18-year-olds walking down its corridors.IIIT-B will initiate an MTech programme for students who passed Class XII. The five-year programme will offer a dual degree - BTech and MTech in IT. IIIT-B's new initiative comes soon after Indian Institute of Science opened its doors to undergraduates last year.The curriculum will be broad-based, which will include humanities, social science, biological science, management studies and English. This is apart from the core IT programmes in various domains and the range of electives available. The final year will be for research.\"Many students told us how good it would have been if they had more time on the campus. They said an undergraduate course in similar ambience will help them in better research. Since the institution is stabilized now, we thought it was time we started off with this programme,\" said S Sadagopan, director.HOW TO ENROLAdmission will be based on All0India Engineering Entrance Examination ranks. Students, who have had mathematics as their subject, have to apply online. The application process started on Monday. Check wwww.iiitb.ac.in.FEEThe course fee is Rs 75,000 per semester and hostel fee is Rs 36,000 a year. Boarding costs are Rs 3,000 per month.WHAT'S IIIT-B?IIIT-B is a 12 year old deemed university and was known for its unique model of education, research and industry interaction in the level of post graduation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433696", "title": "Padmapriya back in K-Town", "text": "Actress Padmapriya, who was last seen in Irumbukkottai Murattu Singam, has signed her next Tamil project with director Ram (of Katradhu Tamizh fame).\"I play a very significant role in Thangameengal. I've already finished shooting and dubbing for my portions,\" says the actress. The film, which has music by Yuvan Shankar Raja, is being produced by Gautham Menon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "11433736", "title": "Farmers desilt Chikkajajur tank", "text": "CHITRADURGA: The farmers of Holalkere taluk are on a mission to desilt a tank in Chikkajajur for the past fortnight. Dozens of farmers belonging to Chikkajajur, Gunjiganur, Honna Kaluve, Bharamanna Nayaka Durga (B Durga), Sasalu and Hosahalli of Holalkere taluk have engaged two earth-moving equipment, 30 tractors and two tippers for the job.According to Hanumanthappa and V Raju of Holalkere, the owners of earth-moving equipment are charging Rs 75 for loading each tractor and tipper with silt.They said the officials concerned to come see how desilting is done. \"About 25% of the work has been done,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "perth", "code": "11435026", "title": "Australian batting can be put under pressure: Zaheer", "text": "PERTH: Unfazed by the debacles in the first two Tests, India's pace spearhead Zaheer Khan said the team will come back strongly in the third match, the key to which would be putting the in-form Australian batting line-up under pressure.\"This Australian batting can be put under pressure. We are getting them under pressure but letting off a little bit. We have a few areas to look into and I'm sure we would be alright in upcoming matches,\" said Zaheer.\"We were fantastic as a bowling unit in Melbourne . Everyone chipped in. In Sydney the wicket changed after the first day. It was a bit different, and it's not an excuse, but anybody could see it.\"The nip and movement in the pitch wasn't the same. But we are looking forward to (this Test) and I am confident as a bowling unit we can take 20 wickets,\" he added.Zaheer said although Ricky Ponting scored a century in the second Test in Sydney, he didn't look the same old batsman he used to be.\"All I can say is that he (Ponting) applied himself well. But the Ricky Ponting of old...the flair is different now. He was more of a grinder and it wasn't his natural game. But a hundred is a hundred and all credit to him.\"The 33-year-old swing bowler admitted that the team's plans did not work out in Sydney but had little doubt that the side would perform well in Perth.\"Sydney didn't work out according to plan. It was tough for us. But these kind of things are understandable. We need to move forward. The Perth game starts with 0-0. It's a new Test and we are prepared to give it our best shot.\"Sometimes you do all the right things but it doesn't go your way. But this Test starts afresh and we are focusing on it. This game is important for us as far as series is concerned and we are ready to do well,\" said Zaheer.\"This is not the first time we have been in a situation like this. We have come out of such situations in the past. It's showing in practice, there's a good vibe going on in the dressing room and it's a positive sign.\"Despite bowling well in the ongoing Test series, Zaheer (10 wickets from two games at an average of 25.20) hasn't got the required support from the other end as both Umesh Yadav and Ishant Sharma , particularly the latter, failed to take wickets.\"Ishant has played here, actually he came to reckoning from this ground. He has fond memories of this ground and once he gets his rhythm back, he would get among the wickets. He's been bowling well, it's just a matter of time before he picks up wickets,\" said Zaheer.Yadav, after taking seven wickets in the first Test, also looked pedestrian in the second Test at Sydney last week.\"It is just the beginning for him. If you have played just four or five Tests, you are allowed to make mistakes. But we are very happy with his attitude and he is a wicket-taker.\"This is the first time in three tours that Zaheer would actually be playing in Perth, as on two previous occasions he had to cut short his trips due to injuries and the left-arm pacer said he was excited to bowl on the world's fastest track.\"I have finally passed the Sydney hurdle. It's the first time I'm in Perth and am really excited about it. I am looking forward to play on this track about which there is so much of talk. I'm really excited with the hype which is going around (about the wicket),\" he said.WACA promises good returns to pacemen but Zaheer said he doesn't look as much on surface as on his own rhythm for good rewards.\"For me, honestly, what's important is to bowl in the right areas and get my rhythm going. It doesn't matter how the pitch behaves. After all it remains 22 yards only,\" Zaheer insisted.\"I really got a hang of reverse swing when I played county cricket for Worcester in 2006. It really helped me. I began to understand my body and bowling as well, what's working for me and what's not. If it is a normal wicket, I stick to swing and if it supports reverse, I plan accordingly. In India also, every other game you play it reverses,\" he added.Zaheer, meanwhile, came down hard at Aussie wicketkeeper Brad Haddin , who has criticised the Indian team as the most fragile international team at present.\"Haddin needs to worry about his keeping. It appears really fragile to me and he needs to start moving,\" he said.Insisting that it is clear Haddin has a role in the team and that is to score psychological points, the veteran paceman said, \"He's doing all the talking. He's definitely playing his role.\"Zaheer didn't go for go-karting on Monday but he backed the initiative of the boys to do so.\"On a tour like this when there are four Tests, it's important you use the time in between wisely. Especially for fast bowlers it's very important how their work load is monitored.\"Responding to the inevitable question on Sachin Tendulkar's much-awaited 100th international century, Zaheer said he had no doubt it was around the corner.\"We are not stressed about it. The way he is batting, a big hundred is not far away. He is moving his feet well and judging the length and line well. The kind of upper cuts he is able to play, watching the ball till the last minute and playing those shots, it shows the 100th century is not far away,\" he stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431116", "title": "'Safe investment will be guaranteed'", "text": "JAIPUR: Minister for Industries and NRI Affairs Rajendra Pareek assured NRIs the state government is leaving no stone unturned to live up to their expectations.Pareek was speaking to NRIs in a parallel state session at the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas 2012.\"Only when you have confidence that your investment would be safe here, will you come back. Trust is crucial to any relationship. Many policies like single window clearance facility for investors and the public services guarantee scheme were initiated for the purpose.He said the single window schemes made it mandatory for clearances to be made within a stipulated timeframe and invites financial penalty if not followed. Also, potential investors can now attest their own documents, without going to a gazetted officer.Speaking on the occasion, principal secretary, industries, and chairman, RIICO, Sunil Arora, said, \"There was a lot of interest among industrial giants to put up their plants in the state. In the last eight months nearly Rs 80,000 crore worth of proposals have been cleared through the system. Easy availability of manpower in the state, especially chartered accountants, also found favor with the investors. Nearly half of Deutsche Bank's operations are being monitored from Rajasthan.\"Commissioner, Investment &amp; NRI, Bureau of Investment Promotion &amp; Rajasthan Foundation, Dr Purushottam Agarwal, said, the state has seen a shift from being a tourist destination to an investment destination. Additionally, employers are given financial aid if they train employees.\"The state has identified some new areas for investment. Now, circuit tourism is being encouraged which involves interaction with local populace, adventure sports and leisure tourism. The Jaipur-Dausa circuit was one such area which was being developed. An elephant village has been developed here to attract tourists. The Bundi-Kota area was also being developed in a similar manner,\" principal secretary, tourism, Usha Sharma, said.EomJaipur: Minister for Industries and NRI Affairs Rajendra Pareek today exhorted overseas Indians to take back fond memories of their visit to Rajasthan and assured them that the State government is leaving no stone unturned to gain their confidence in every sphere.Pareek was speaking to NRIs and Persons of Indian Origin during a Parallel State session at Jaipur at the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas -2012.\"Only when you have confidence that your investment would be safe, you will come back here. Without trust no relationship can progress. Many policies had been implemented in the state with this in mind, including the Single Window Clearance facility for investors and the Public services Guarantee Scheme.He further said the Single Window schemes made it mandatory for clearances to be made within a stipulated time frame, otherwise a financial penalty is imposed. Also, potential investors can now attest their own documents, without going to a gazetted officer; he said adding that these measures had been put into place so that investors can have trust in the government.Speaking on the occasion principal secretary, Industries and chairman RIICO Sunil Arora said, \"There was a lot of interest among industrial giants to put up their plants in the state. Single window clearance system was working efficiently and under this in the last eight months nearly Rs 80,000 crore worth of proposals have been cleared. Another thing finding favor with investors was the state's large bank of manpower especially its trained chartered accountants, half of Deutsche Bank's operations are monitored from Rajasthan.\"Commissioner - Investment &amp; NRIs, Bureau of Investment Promotion &amp; Rajasthan Foundation, and Dr Purushottam Agarwal said from a tourist destination, Rajasthan has now emerged as a preferred investment destination as it had a good physical environment and trained manpower. In addition employers are given financial assistance if they undertake training of employees.\"The state had identified some new areas for investment. Moving away from the traditional way, tourism is promoted, we are now encouraging circuit tourism and as part of that its focus is on interaction with local population, adventure sports and leisure tourism. The Jaipur-Dausa circuit was one such area which was being developed. An Elephant village has been developed as part of this circuit to attract tourists. Bundi-Kota area was also being developed in a similar manner,\" said principal secretary Tourism Usha Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11434123", "title": "Celebrating Lohri for their princesses", "text": "LUDHIANA: With Lohri round the corner, city residents who plan to celebrate the festival for their newborn babies are busy making preparations. And among these are a few couples who are setting an example by celebrating Lohri for their baby girls. Hardeep Singh of Vrindavan Road and Gurvinder Singh of Mohar Singh Nagar are all set to celebrate the bonfire festival for their daughters.Gurvinder Singh, a businessman, was blessed with a daughter after eight years of marriage with Manjit Kaur and the moment she was born they decided to celebrate her first Lohri with a big bash.\"We were blessed with Harnadar five months ago. We only wanted a healthy baby whether a daughter or son. We've already started inviting people for Lohri celebrations. And for our little angel we have bought new clothes and toys,'' said Gurvinder Singh.Talking about the changing mindset of people and the festival being traditionally celebrated for boys, businessman Gurvinder Singh said, \"Now-a-days sons and daughters are equal. If the arrival of a son is celebrated with Lohri then why not the same for a daughter? I feel girls are more caring towards their parents than boys.''Hardeep Singh and Shelley are also desperately looking forward to the festival, since it's the first Lohri of their seven-month-old daughter Sifat. \"I became a father after four years of my marriage so it was definitely a cause for celebration. I have called all my friends for Lohri celebration at my place because I want to celebrate it on a grand level,'' said an elated Hardeep Singh, who is also a businessman. He said, my daughter would soon start walking so I've purchased a walker for her so that she can easily learn walking. \"My daughter has brought good luck for the family so we are going to thank God for gifting us this bundle of joy through this small celebration,'' said Shelley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430249", "title": "Katju bats for Sunny Leone, says don't treat her as outcast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Adult TV star Sunny Leone has an unlikely supporter. Press Council chief Justice Markandey Katju has said in a statement that Leone should not be treated as a social outcast and her past should not be held against her if her behaviour in India is \"socially acceptable''.Katju said he had not seen anything to suggest that Leone was indulging in pornography. Citing religious examples, he said, \"Lord Buddha stayed with the courtesan Amrapali and ate food served by her, and she later became his disciple. Similarly, Mary Magdalene was a fallen woman (according to the Gospel of Luke as interpreted by Pope Gregory) and Jesus allowed her to wash his feet and she later became his disciple.\"He added, \"My opinion is that Sunny Leone was earning her livelihood in USA in a manner acceptable in that country, though it is not acceptable in India... if she conducts herself in India in a manner which is socially acceptable in India and does not breach the social moral code in India, we should not treat her as a social outcast.''He was responding to a complaint by Dev Ashish Bhattacharya to I&B; minister Ambika Soni and him complaining against inaction by Broadcaster Consumers Complaints Council regarding cross promotion by TV channel Colors of porn actress Sunny Leone.\"There is no saint without a past and no sinner without a future,\" Katju said.Leone's appearance on 'Bigg Boss' has been a subject of controversy for quite some time. BCCC had recently directed that Leone should not use the show to promote her pornography business. As many as 38 complaints had been made to the BCCC regarding Leone's appearance. However, BCCC has not found anything in the content of Bigg Boss-5 which by itself was violative of self-regulatory guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "barabanki", "code": "11431340", "title": "Free education, medicine if SP comes to power: Mulayam", "text": "BARABANKI: Giving some glimpses of his poll manifesto, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav said here on Sunday that if voted to power, his party would provide free water, education and medicine to the people. In his first rally after announcement of poll schedule, the former chief minister also promised allowances for unemployed youths.The SP supremo was to launch his campaign from Azamgarh on January 1, but he couldn't do so because of heavy rain. On Sunday, before he took the dais at the MP College ground in the afternoon, his party got a shot in the arm when Rashtriya Lok Dal general secretary and former UP minister Anuradha Chowdhary and MP Shahid Siddiqui formally joined SP.During the rally, Mulayam's prime target was his bete noire Mayawati. \"She has curbed all democratic practices and done nothing for the common man,\" he said, hoping that after the transfer of DGP Brij Lal and principal secretary (home), Kunwar Fateh Bahadur, on the Election Commission's direction, the state would have a free and fair poll.Addressing the rally, the veteran politician tried to establish a direct chord with the audience through his interactive speech. \"Kya aap log sab taiyyar ho aisi nirankush sarkar to ukhrd phekne ke life (Are you ready to uproot this autocratic government),\" he asked the people, requesting to raise their hands. When the audience reciprocated, pat came the second question: \"Kya Samajwadi Party ki sarakar lane ke life taiyyar hain?\" (Are you ready to bring SP to power).The reaction this time would have been music to any politician's ears.If Mulayam targeted Maya, his close confidant Azam Khan opened the broadside against Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi . \"Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) to saamne se vaar karti hai ... Congress ne to hamesha musalmano ki peeth main khanjar bhonka hai (BJP is our known enemy. But Congress has always stabbed the Muslims in their back). Citing instances like putting of idols inside the Babri Masjid premises during Jawaharlal Nehru's regime, unlocking of the premises in Rajiv Gandhi's tenure and demolition of the mosque during Narsimha Rao's time, Azam held Congress responsible for the present state of Muslims in UP.One notable aspect of Mulayam's speech was his repeated reference to Azam and his 'importance' in the party. It was significant considering that just a few days back the Muslim leader had a caused much embarrassment to the party when he had cleared the way for mafia-turned politician DP Yadav's entry into the party and Mulayam's son and state party chief Akhilesh had stalled the move.Azam too did not disappoint Mulayam. Addressing the gathering, he described Mulayam as the only leader who feels and cares for the minorities from the bottom of his heart. \"He has always stood by us. And there is no reason to even think that he will not in future,\" Azam said. In his much anticipated reference to \"senior people who came and left the party\" to feed their own interests, \"the onus is now on us (Mulsims) to show the world that such people have no impact on the public,\" he said.Finally, he recounted some instances of atrocities committed on Muslims during Maya's tenure. \"We have kept quiet for five years. But now the time has come that we should teach such people a lesson. A lesson so harsh and strong that none could dare repeat the mistakes that BSP and its chief minister Mayawati committed,\" Azam said. He promised reservations for Muslims in proportion equal to the maximum that any state government offers in India.Earlier in the day, apart from Chowdhary and Siddiqui, actor Vishwajeet Pradhan also joined the Samajwadi Party. Chaudhary apparently was not happy with RLD's ticket distribution after its alliance with the Congress. She was elected to the state assembly for the first time in 2002. In 2003, following an RLD-SP pact, she was made the PWD minister in Mulayam's cabinet from RLD's quota. She then fought the Lok Sabha election from Kairana and won in 2004. Always seen very close to RLD chief Ajit Singh, Chowdhary was also feeling sidelined after Ajit's son Jayant Chowdhary grew in stature.Welcoming the new members, Azam Khan said that they have been together time and again but this time, he has a feeling that the companionship will last. Chowdhary said that RLD had been opposing the Congress party since the very beginning and now suddenly joined hand with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429790", "title": "Plays, performances mark Loyola's celebrations", "text": "PUNE: The golden jubliee celebrations of Loyola High School, Pashan Road, came to an end with a concert held recently at their primary school grounds. The show began with a rendering of the new school anthem and a welcome song by the primary school students. This was followed by a play, 'A School for Animals', an original production that commented on the current education system that does not cater to individual talents and abilities.This was followed by another original play, 'The Three Dreamers', put up by the staff and students of the high school and junior college. The play introduced the audience to St. Ignatius of Loyola, the founder of the Jesuit order, and how he used education to fulfill his dreams. It also introduced the audience to Fr. Rudolf Schoch SJ, who started Loyola High School in 1961, initially as an extension of St. Vincent's. He, too, used education to form students into all-round persons who would be \"men for others\". The last dreamer was Loyola School, who narrated how she has tried to foster the \"outstanding education dreams\" in her students. The audience was also introduced to ex-students who have excelled as mountaineers, choreographers, painters, swimmers, cricketers and badminton and tennis players. The play ended by urging the audience to hold on to their dreams, without which they would be like birds without wingsDances and harmonious singing of the choir added magic to the performance.2nd 'Antarnaad' held at SNBPStudents of SNBP School and SNBP International School, Rahatani, recently presented the second annual show, titled Antarnaad '11.The theme was 'Power of Man - Success Unlimited', a continuation of the theme from last year's programme.The focus was on successful people from diverse fields whose contributions have made a difference to India on the global front.Students from the pre-primary section performed a dance on the Panchamahabhuta (the five elements).Other performances included portrayal of acts of bravery and feats of the Indian defence personnel and great leaders of the Indian freedom struggle.The main attraction of the programme was the 'Jungle ki Sair', performed by the students of the playgroup section.The primary and secondary section students also performed a dance and music medley depicting superheroes from the west and figures from Indian mythology, including Superman, Batman, Spiderman, Hanuman, Krishna and Bal Ganesha.The first edition of the school magazine, 'Udaan - the take-off...' was released by Pimpri Chinchwad mayor Yogesh Behl, the chief guest.Principal Bindu Saini presented the annual school report.Khandusheth Kokane, the local corporator was the guest of honour.The founder secretary and president of S E Society, D K Bhosale and Vrishali Bhosale respectively, along with the principals of SNBP Yerawada and Pimpri branches were also present.Angel High school wins competitionAngel High School won the under-14 interschool cricket competition organised by the Pune School Athletic Association.In the final match against Anglo Urdu School at their school ground, Angel High school scored 60 runs for the loss of 7 wickets.Opener Shubham Harpale, who scored a brisk 20 runs, also managed to take took two wickets of the opposition. He was adjudged man of the series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11431002", "title": "Scrub Typhus, the killer disease, comes to town", "text": "For almost six days, Kamya's parents wondered why her fever did not come down despite taking medicines including some expensive antibiotics. Last week, she died at Apollo Hospitals following multiorgan failure.It was only when a doctor at the intensive care unit noticed a tiny black scar on her thigh, she knew Kamya's disease - scrub typhus , a rare zoonotic disease (which can be transmitted from animals to humans). Doctors say the disease is curable using antibiotics, but it can get out of hand when diagnosis is delayed.\"Kamya was referred to us very late,\" said a doctor. In December 2011, doctors saw at least three very sick children with scrub typhus. All of them had to be ventilated , and one of them required dialysis. \"This is dengue season. There were four patients with dengue, but they weren't as sick. They were discharged in three days, but those with scrub typhus were here for at least a week,\" the doctor said.Scrub typhus spreads when chiggers - mites found in forests, and now, urban shrubs - bite the person and inject a microorganism called rickettsia tsutsugamushi into the blood. A blood test can confirm the infection , but sometimes doctors treat the symptoms without ordering a blood test.About 60% of patients will have the bite mark for a long time, says Dr Ram Gopalakrishnan, an infectious diseases consultant at Apollo Hospitals. Until two years ago the disease was suspected only in people who had travelled to forests, but now many people from the city are testing positive.Although, many hospitals in the city have been seeing scrub typhus doctors are unable to explain how it has migrated from the wild. Experts at Chirstian Medical College (CMC), Vellore say nearly 12 states in the country have reported an increase in the number of the disease in the last six years. CMC first reported an \"outbreak\" in 2000.The disease erupts after rains when mites that live in shrubs are disturbed. \"We don't know if these mites migrated only now. Maybe the disease was being misdiagnosed , but treated with a genre of medicines that covers them too. Since the patients were getting cured despite the wrong diagnosis, we didn't probably look for scrub typhus,\" he said. The awareness about the disease even among the medical fraternity is low. CMC now plans to collaborate with state government to create awareness for early diagnosis.Apollo Hospitals recorded 15 cases in 2009. In the last two years, they detected nearly 300 cases. \"Now we see at least four cases every week and at least one of them requires hospitalisation,\" said Dr Gopalakrishnan.Dr Balaramachandran, chief of intensive care, Kanchi Kamakoti Childs Trust Hospital, says he now makes it a point to look for scrub typhus when symptoms persist. \"Early diagnosis is important. Patients are then put on inexpensive antibiotics such as doxycycline or azithromycin (given to patients with respiratory infections ). Patients recover fully and quickly after course.\"(Patient's name has been changed on request)MITE'S BITEWhom to blame FOR SCRUB TYPHUS? It is caused by microorganism Rickettsia tsutsugamushi (RT). Mites that live in shrubs carry it in their salivary gland and inject it into humansSypmtoms:Once transmitted , RT incubates for about 10-12 days. After that the infected person gets headaches, conjunctival infection, high-grade fever or fatigueDiagnosis:Difficult to diagnose through clinical symptoms. In most cases, doctors look for a scab or a black scar caused by flea bite. A simple blood test can confirm infectionHistoryScrub typhus is seen commonly in Southeast Asia and Japan where the disease was first described in 1899. Scrub typhus can also be prevalent in sandy beaches, mountain deserts, and equatorial rain forestsIs it fatal?If detected early, the disease can be treated with simple drugs, usually the one used to treat rat fever (doxycycline). But if undiagnosed, complications such as pneumonitis, encephalitis and circulatory failure can kill the patient", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11433772", "title": "Keep your date with water supply", "text": "HUBLI: Has irregular water supply affected your routine life? Do you have to wait for indefinite hours for the valveman to release water to your area? Fret not. You can now get SMS on your mobile on the date and time of water supply. All that you have to do is to pay Rs 10 per month and subscribe to the messaging the services of the Water Board. The Water Board, in association with Nextdrop, an initiative by a few students of the University of California , has embarked on the idea of sending timely SMSes to the residents on the date and timing of water supply to their respective wards.A pilot project being carried out in Lingarajnagar in Hubli has been met with a good response, said K P Jayaram, executive engineer, Water Board. To implement the project in other wards representatives from the Nextdrop are visiting households and collecting their mobile numbers, he said. Subscribers have to pay Rs 10 per month to avail the services. Subscribers will be alerted three hours before water is released to their area. If there is any delay in supply due to power problem of leakage in pipeline, the same will be informed through SMS. Valvemen will be given the responsibility of sending SMS alerts to people in their respective wards, the Water Board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431476", "title": "'I want to be the last person to die'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Munna Dhiman, a city-based lyricist, after having written various hits for Bollywood films like \" Delhi Belly\", \"You me aur hum\", is busy these days making his doomsday wish list. World tours and dinners with celebrities are not on his agenda, all he wants is to get rid of his phobias like driving a car and is interested in finding answers to things like how and why we dream. What he wishes the most is to be at a place from where the destruction starts.\"I want be the last one to die so that I can see from where the destruction will start and to where will it proceed so that when someone hypnotizes me in the next lifetime, I am able to tell them everything and then become a legendary man,\" said Dhiman. He also wants to know from where we get dreams. \"I want to discover the dream factory. While we are fast asleep the dreams overpower us. I want to know why we dream and how we dream.\"Next, he wants to write a song that will include all words of Hindi dictionary. \"If I manage to write this song, it should be taught in every school.Increasing rates of property is the biggest concern for Munna as it is depriving many from owning a house that is why he wishes to lower the rates. \"I will lower the property rates so that everyone dies in his own house.\" To get over his phobia of driving, he would get a car designed which will not require a driver. He also wants to direct a film on human relations.Before the dooms day, he wants to see the parliament session wherein MP's will debate topics that concern public and not their parties and will not go around breaking property or throwing chairs at each other. He wishes that there should be a shop for human parts. \"Everyone who has a problem with any part of his body can it changed just like the way we get our phones topped-up.\" Last, he wants the power to hold destruction. \"I will read the wish list on the last day and ask God to hold the destruction if some of my wishes are not fulfilled by that time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11432726", "title": "Major fire in factory kills one", "text": "A major fire broke out in a factory near Shapar-Veraval on the outskirts of the city on Saturday night. One person died and two were injured. Chief fire officer R K Maheshwari said the incident occurred in the factory at around 7 pm. \"As soon as we received the call, we sent two teams of fire fighters to douse the fire.\" The fire broke out on the second floor of the four-storeyed factory, which manufactured guvar gum powder.\"We rescued four persons. On Saturday late night, one of the victims, identified as Dharmesh Jadav, 22, a Prashnavada village resident succumbed to burn injuries.An electric spark during welding work may have caused the fire. An FSL examination will ascertain the exact cause of the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430673", "title": "10 held by NIA in counterfeit racket", "text": "CHENNAI: Ten suspects were on Sunday arrested by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) from various parts of the country, including three in the city, for circulating what officers described as Pakistan-printed, highly sophisticated fakes of Indian currency notes. Four persons from Hyderabad, two from West Bengal and one from Delhi were also arrested in the cross-country operation to crack down on counterfeit currency, NIA officers said on Monday.NIA teams led by deputy superintendent of police G Kothandaraman and inspector K N Sudarshanan conducted a raid at a camp of construction workers at Sunnambu Kolathur near Pallikaranai. \"U Habibul Rahaman (26), M Abdul Mutalik (25) and S Prashant Mondal (23), all from Malda in West Bengal were arrested in the city,\" an investigating officer said.In similar raids, NIA teams arrested Bahadur Yadav in Delhi, A. Morjen and S Manik Sheik in Malda, West Bengal, and I Sajib-ul-Haq, P Akram, M Anwar and J Jamal Sheik, all originally from Malda, were nabbed from Hyderabad.The raids followed the arrest on Saturday of Morgen Hossain (23) of Malda, the alleged mastermind of the racket, from whom NIA sleuths seized a satellite phone that they said revealed that he had been in regular touch with contacts in Bangladesh and Pakistan.\"The gang had been acting at the behest of terrorist organisations that intended to destabilise our country,\" a senior NIA officer said.Officials recovered fake Indian currency notes with a face value of Rs 27,000. During Hossain's interrogation, he spilled the beans about the racket, his associates and their modus operandi. \"The high-quality fakes, in denominations of Rs 1,000, Rs 500 and Rs 100, were printed in Pakistan and smuggled to Bangladesh by air and then across the border into India by road,\" the officer said. \"Hossain and his accomplices distributed them across the country. The notes were transported by train,\" the officer added. \"Unemployed youngsters from Malda were recruited and dispatched with the counterfeit notes to major cities and large towns where they posed as construction workers.\"Local agents earned 60 per cent of the profits from the distribution of the fakes, the officer said. A share of this take was remitted into Hossain's bank accounts. He in turn gave a certain percentage to his Bangladesh and Pakistani contacts. The fakes were exchanged for a third of their face value. Local agents deposited a maximum of Rs 49,000 each time into Hossain's accounts to stay under the radar of income tax officials. \"The gang circulated fake notes in exchange for crores of rupees in the past few months,\" the NIA officer said. The accused were taken to the NIA's central office in Hyderabad after transit warrants were obtained in local magistrate courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431025", "title": "Woman tortured in Udaipur village still faces harassment", "text": "JAIPUR: Almost four months after a 35-year-old woman at a village in Udaipur was partially stripped off, paraded in full public view and her hair cut off for an alleged extra-marital affair, she is yet to come to terms with the brutal harassment meted out to her.The police have arrested her husband, father-in-law and brother-in-law along with 21 others villagers, several of them are members of the caste council that subjected her to torture at Brahmanon Ka Gula village in September last year.For the cops, the case is closed as they have submitted a chargesheet against all accused.\"Yet he woman's suffering has not ended as she continually faces abuse and indecent comments in the village of her parents, where she now lives. She was forced to leave her in-laws' house after the incident,\" said a close relative.The woman was married and has three children. She and her \"boyfriend\" faced the ire of a khap panchayat (caste council) in the Brahmin-dominated village for having an affair.In 2010, the woman had gone to Mumbai with her husband who used to sell milk there. The young man, who happens to be cousin of her husband, also went there and allegedly met the woman many times. The husband returned to the village and accused the woman of having an extra-marital affair in front of the senior members of the panchayat, who then tortured her.The woman and her 22-year-old lover were thrashed, stripped half naked, paraded and then their hair was cut. An FIR against the members of the panchayat and in-laws of the woman was registered and the police arrested a total of 24 people in the case.\"We had not received any complaint even from the woman's family members after the incident. Somebody showed us an MMS following which the FIR was registered,\" officer Parbat Singh said.However, it was alleged the police stood as a mute spectator when the woman was subjected to torture.The woman's relative told TOI she is presently living in her parents' house at Mankiyavas village.\"She wanted to live in her in-laws' house, but the villagers made her life hell. Youths in the village kept treating her badly. She was forced to leave the village,\" said the relative.He added moving in with her parents has also not helped. \"She is going through the same harassment at her parents' village as well,\" he said.The woman and her alleged 22-year old lover were thrashed, compelled to sit half naked, then paraded and had their hair cut. An FIR against the members of the panchayats and in-laws of the woman was registered and the police arrested a total of 24 people in the case.\"We had not received any complaint even from the woman's family members after the incident. Somebody showed us an MMS following which the FIR was registered,\" said investigating officer of the case Parbat Singh.However, it was alleged that the police remained a mute-spectator while the woman was subjected to torture.The woman's relative told TOI that she is presently living in her parents' house at Mankiyavas village.\"She tried to live in Brahmanon Ka Gula village in the house of her in-laws, but villagers made her life hell. Youths in the village kept treating her badly and used to make mockery of her. She was forced to leave the village,\" said the relative.He added that but the moving in with her parents has also not helped.\"She is going through the same harassment at her parents' village as well,\" said the relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11433568", "title": "Delhi shivers as mercury dips to below five degrees", "text": "New Delhi: Icy winds blowing from mountains today gave no respite to Delhiites from winter chill as it brought down mercury to below five degree Celsius.The mercury plummeted to 4.5 degree Celsius, three degrees below normal and a sharp decline from yesterday's 8.4 degrees, on a sunny morning. Since Sunday, the minimum temperature has been dipping.This is the first time in the new year that the minimum temperature dropped to below normal levels and on four days, in last ten days, the lowest temperature was five degrees above normal.The highest minimum for this month was recorded on January seven when the mercury recorded 12.5 degree Celsius, five degrees above normal.The Weatherman has predicted similar weather conditions for tomorrow with temperature oscillating between four and 19 degree Celsius. However, there is a prediction of fog tomorrow.The city experienced the coldest day temperature last Friday, with the maximum recorded at a low of 16.9 degrees Celsius.Last month saw the minimum temperature come down to 2.9 degrees Celsius on Christmas morning, the lowest of the season so far.In the past 11 years, except for 2010, the month of January has recorded the lowest minimum temperature at below five degrees Celsius. The lowest in the past 11 years was on January eight of 2006 when the mercury had dipped to 0.2 deg Celsius.The record lowest minimum for the month was recorded on January 16, 1935 when mercury touched minus 0.6 degrees Celsius while the record highest maximum was 32.5 degrees on January 28, 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431013", "title": "'Telecom will transform India into a knowledge economy'", "text": "JAIPUR: India has moved many places. But to take advantage of the demographic dividend, the young population needs a platform to build a stronger India, said Sachin Pilot, minister of state for communication and IT here during a session on 'Driving Innovation.'\"Telecommunication will transform India into a knowledge economy as broadband penetration and optic fibre network reach every home. The Union government has planned an investment of $1 trillion for developing infrastructure during the 12th Five Year Plan. Broadband and optic fibre network will require an investment of $5 billion. India has got lot of talented people, but what we can do with that talent pool is important.\"He emphasized that manufacturing with value addition requires innovation and technology. Addressing the session, Renu Khator, the first woman chancellor of University of Houston , said partnerships in training, research and exposure are key elements in creating the ethics of imagination and innovation.\"The ethics and values I took from here have helped me break the many obstacles - the curry ceiling, the glass ceiling and passport ceiling,\" said Khator. \"Technology transfer should happen in India in a big way and we need to create a lot of centres of excellence by supporting faculty exchanges,\" she said.Piyush C Agarwal, chairman, US-India Business Forum of India, said, \"There is no parallel diaspora in the world which is so loyal and connected than India's. The overseas Indians have resources and willingness but we need to create partnerships based on a set of values.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433336", "title": "Nana Patekar turns director", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma's sequel to Ab Tak Chappan has been embroiled in controversies even before the film could go on floors.After director Sahil Saple walked out of the project, reportedly because of a fallout with the producer RGV over giving lead actor Nana Patekar a hold over the directorial reins, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that now, RGV has formally handed over the film direction to Nana.Confirming the news of Nana Patekar taking over the direction of the film, RGV said, \"Yes, now Nana is directing the sequel. Sahil had some other script that he wanted to do. So, we decided to hand it over to Nana.\"Sahil, however claimed that it was he who opted out of the project. \"And right now I am not working on any other script,\" informed Sahil, negating RGV's claims of the young filmmaker being involved in a separate project.According to a source close to the RGV camp, RGV having convinced Nana to work in the sequel, also wanted him to ghost direct the project. \"Sahil was rather upset with the entire thing. It was his first directorial venture. So he decided to opt out of the project. Sahil did not want to take fake credit for the film,\" said the source.The unit, according to the source, had been informed about Nana ghost directing the film earlier. However, now RGV has formally handed it over to the actor. And Nana, who has already directed a few films is only happy to take up this challenge.Currently, RGV is focusing on getting the project on the floors so that he can start with his directorial venture 26/11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433663", "title": "Isha Sharvani in Vikram\u2019s next!", "text": "Isha Sharvani , who is currently in the news for her dance number in Maatran, is doing another film with a Kollywood connect!Well, she's been signed on for Vikram's upcoming Bollywood project that is directed by Bejoy Nambiar of Shaitan fame. Interestingly, the Kisna actress will also be seen in Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam. When we contacted Bejoy, he said, \"Yes, Isha has been signed on to do a role in the film, which will go on floors at the end of the month.\"With Isha and actress Tabu playing roles, will the film shape up as a triangular love story? \"Well, it's too early to comment on that,\" he added, \"I wouldn't want people to speculate about the project as an official announcement will be made in the near future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11430807", "title": "BJP leader flays Kushwaha deal, suspended", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh BJP leader Ramashish Rai was suspended from the party on Monday after he alleged that a deal was struck between some party leaders and former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha for his induction in the BJP.\"Kushwaha had a deal with some party leaders and it seems monetary help was taken from him for contesting polls,\" Rai, a former president of Yuva Morcha, alleged, while demanding the removal of state BJP president Surya Pratap Shahi and national vice-president Vinay Katiyar from the party.Later, BJP suspended him. \"You made indecent remarks against the party leadership, which has maligned the party's image, and it comes under the purview of indiscipline,\" the notice sent to Rai read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11431431", "title": "4,000 bottles of 'illicit' brew seized from Dindigul village", "text": "MADURAI: A police team led by the Dindigul SP T Jayachandran seized 4,000 bottles of liquor from two houses in A Vellalapatti in Ambathurai police limits on Sunday.The raid followed after the police were informed that a few people were brewing liquor in A Vellalapatti, a village in the foothills of Sirumalai, in Dindigul district. The illicit brew was sold through a few TASMAC shops in the area and as well as locally. Villagers who monitored the movement of trucks through the village late at night, informed the police.The bottles were seized from the houses of Raj and Mariselvam. As Raj evaded arrest, police remanded his wife Bindu and Mariselvam.According to Jayachandran, the brewers claimed that they had procured the liquor from Puduchery. The brew has been sent to labs for testing if it was spurious. If the brew turned to be authentic, records would be verified to ascertain the claim that they were procured from Puduchery, police said. Police are on the lookout for three more persons in connection with the illicit brewing, Jayachandran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11430630", "title": "Mango season delayed due to erratic climate, cyclone Thane", "text": "SALEM: There is some disappointing news for mango lovers as the crop is likely to be delayed this year. Cyclone Thane and indifferent weather have affected flowering and could negatively impact the crop.Mango is cultivated in frost-free tropical and sub-tropical climates. More than a third of the world's mangoes is produced in India and Krishnagiri district is a major producer of some of the most popular varieties. According to the district's horticulture department, mango trees have been planted on 40,000 hectares of land in the district. About 7.3 tonnes of mangoes are produced per hectare. The fruit is harvested in the middle of February. In March/April, it is usually available in market.The unseasonal weather has disrupted the flowering which happens mid-December. However, this season, the flowering was minimal. Consequently, there will be a delay in the arrival of the fruit in markets.K M Rama Gounder of Kaveripattanam, general secretary of Tamizhaga Vivasayigal Sangam, has been cultivating mango for the past 15 years. \"The flowering in varieties like Bangalora, Alphonso and Sendura starts mid-December and the harvesting happens mid-February. But there is not much flowering so far. The 40,000 families involved in mango cultivation are anxious about the quality and quantity of harvest,\" he said. It has been reported that Cyclone Thane played a part in delaying the mango season. \"The cyclone has wilted the flowering in a few places,\" said Rama Goundar. The flowering is what dictates the yield. Now farmers are unable to predict the yield.When the joint director of the horticulture department, K Periyasamy, was contacted, he attributed the delay in flowering due to climate change and intermittent rains. \"There are two types of mango cultivation in Krishnagiri district. In high density planting, 400 plants are cultivated in one hectare. In low density planting, 100 plants are cultivated in one hectare.\"We hope the situation will improve soon. Farmers will not suffer as they have been provided with new technology for mango cultivation. They can also avail subsidy of up to Rs 40,000 per hectare under the National Horticulture Mission to cultivate the mango crop,\" Periyasamy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430781", "title": "Mamata skips anti-Congress stir", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when her cabinet colleagues kept the heat on Congress, chief minister Mamata Banerjee distanced herself from street politics and kept herself busy reassuring the captains of industry at the state-sponsored business summit in Kolkata on Monday.Rather than petty politics, Mamata shifted her focus on attracting investments to a state that desperately wants the private sector to come. On Monday, she gave a miss to the party rally at Mayo Road in Kolkata against Congress and assured the business leaders that her government was not against industry. \"If anyone wants to set up industry in Bengal, all you need is to send a proposal to us. Land ceiling won't be a problem. I've already constituted a committee on industry and infrastructure that will examine the proposal and give clearance in seven days. The government has already cleared seven such proposals,\" she said.Mamata's move is seen as an attempt to get rid of the anti-industry tag that she had earned after the Tatas pulled out of Singur. Mamata has realized that she can't create jobs and jack up revenues without fresh investments. Her government wants the public-private partnership model in social sectors and healthcare.Sensing the sentiments of the Marwari businessmen, some of whom feel let down over the way the government took the non-executive directors to custody following the AMRI Hospital fire, Mamata said, \"Let us not talk about individuals. The government is all for the industry.\"However, the war of words between Trinamool and Congress continued. Trinamool leaders at Mayo Road made it clear that the party would go on the offensive in Congress's north Bengal bastions of Malda, Murshidabad and North Dinajpur and Sabang - former PCC chief Manas Bhunia's home turf. At the Writers' Building, Congress minister Manoj Chakraborty went ballistic against Trinamool.Trinamool leader Partha Chatterjee said, \"The door is open.\" Without naming Manas, he said, \"A leader from Midnapore has been speaking a lot. Let him win an election without Mamata's photo.\"TMC minister Subrata Mukherjee said, \"The door has been left open. They refuse to go (from the cabinet).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431022", "title": "'Rajasthani language should get due respect'", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthani Association of North America (RANA) urged the students of Rajasthan University on Monday to make efforts seek recognition for Rajasthani language in the Indian Constitution.The RANA delegation interacted with PG students in the humanities hall. The students were spellbound on being addressed in Rajasthani.\"It is very sad and unfortunate that America has recognised the language, whereas it is faced with apathy in its own country. Students should understand the importance of the language which has its roots in many Indian languages,\" Sushil Goyal, secretary of RANA, said.He asked the state government to push for the language in the centre as it is important for culture of this region. The delegation feels the language should be introduced in colleges and universities. They argued Rajasthani literature needs to be preserved and promoted assuring all possible help.\"Indians have earned a lot of respect and fame in various countries. The work ethics we inherited from our culture have helped in attaining success in all spheres - political, social and economic,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431515", "title": "Uraniam found in 241 water samples, Punjab tells HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab government on Monday informed the Punjab and Haryana high court that out of total 1,260 water samples gathered from various districts of the state, presence of uranium has been found in 241 samples. It was also stated that to make the water fit for drinking, the government has started installing reverse osmosis (RO) systems in affected villages of the state.This was stated by chief engineer, department of water supply and sanitation, through an affidavit filed before the division bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover the HC in response to a PIL filed on the issue of increasing uranium levels in drinking water in Punjab.To make the water of affected area fit for human consumption, the government has installed 933 ROs in various districts and installation of 878 more such systems is on the cards, the affidavit said. This would cost the state around Rs 216 crore. The state also furnished a list of 13 districts, in which 933 systems have been installed. It was also claimed that it has not made any kind of favouritism towards any area in installing these systems. After placing the state's affidavit on record, the bench adjourned hearing of the case to Wednesday.The petitioner, Mohali-resident Brijender Singh Loomba, had sought directions for adequate relief to affected people and kids due to discharge of uranium in water and soil of Bathinda, Faridkot and Ludhiana districts of Punjab. The petition had also sought directions for investigation to find out sources of leakage of radioactive material and uranium in drinking water and steps required to check its spread.Responding to the petition, Bhabha Atomic Research Center (BARC) had recommended that only reverse osmosis (RO) system would be helpful in reducing uranium content in drinking water in various parts of Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431576", "title": "Thieves strike 5 times in a night", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Making a mockery of late night nakas and so-called night patrolling of Chandigarh police, thieves decamped with over Rs 2 lakh, two laptops and other valuables in five theft incidents on Sunday night.The first theft was reported in Bhatia Confectionery in Sector 19 from where Rs 1.5lakh in cash, 15kg ghee and around 30kg dry fruits were stolen. The owner of shop, Raj Kumar Bhatia said incident came to light in morning hours of Monday.A senior manager with Star Security Service, Harbans Singh, reported that thieves entered SCO No 35-36 in Sector 17 after damaging the security alarm system and stole cash from different cabins. Singh said Rs 33,000 were stolen from the ground floor and Rs 46,865 from the first floor. Thieves also decamped with a laptop from the adjoining cabin.Anu Sharma of SCF-39 in Motor Market, Manimajra, reported that thieves decamped a LCD worth Rs 65,000, an LPG cylinder and other valuables from the SCF. Thieves also took away a printer worth Rs 25,000 from a shop in Sector 20 and Rajinder Kaur, shop owner, lodged an FIR at police station Sector 19.A laptop of Captain Gaurav Prashar of Sector 12A, Panchkula, was also went missing from ISBT-17 on Sunday night. The laptop of Capt Prashar was inside a PunBus while Army official was outside the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433572", "title": "Shadab Kamal plays a gigolo in B.A.Pass", "text": "When Ajay Bahl read a story called The Railway Aunty by Mohan Sikka in the Delhi Noir series of books, the cinematographer-turned-director was intrigued enough to want to make a movie on it.Shooting of the film titled \"B.A. Pass\" is over and what's interesting is that for the first time in Indian cinema, a movie has been made to explore the gigolo culture that is patronized by women of middle class India. Playing the gigolo in the film is 25-year-old Kolkata theatre actor Shadab Kamal. The other actors in the film include Shilpa Shukla, Geeta Agarwal, Dibyendu Bhattacharya and Rajesh Sharma, among others.Says Ajay, \"Contrary to perceptions of upper middle women wanting to hire the services of gigolos in India, our research revealed a very interesting facet. Very regular middle class women in India from small towns aged between 40 and 50 are into hiring gigolos these days. We have such instances in Nagpur, Lucknow and Kolkata. In my film, I explore the culture of gigolos in Delhi among the middle class women. They save from whatever their husbands give them to run their family and then indulge in these acts. The gigolo service isn't as organized in India as that run by female sex workers. It runs on word-of-mouth publicity.\"Shadab Kamal, who has been associated with theatre groups such as Tin Can, Theatrician and Ranan, is excited with his debut movie. \"I've done a bit role in \"Chittagong\" but this is my first role as a protagonist in a film. I've done my schooling in Gwalior and have been living in Kolkata for a few years. I haven't done any Bengali film yet because I don't speak the language very fluently.\"Ask the director about shooting intimate scenes and he says, \"Although I have not gone as far as Q has in terms of exploring nudity on screen, I am sure that India has never seen such aesthetic handling of lovemaking scenes. I've assisted cinematographer-turned-director Santosh Sivan. I'm thrilled with the performance of the three Kolkata actors in my movie. While Dibyendu plays a caretaker of a local cemetery, Rajesh Sharma plays Shilpa Shukla's husband. The film explores the relationship between Shilpa and Shadab in the backdrop of the gigolo culture.\"Says Shilpa, \"As Indians, we live in contradictions and there are many things that are not shared openly. While I might not known such women personally, I'm sure they exist. As an actor, one tries to find out what that deciding line is going to be while shooting intimate scenes. Having done this film, I realized that the line is in the process of how the scene is being shot.\"As for Shadab, he is happy to have shed inhibitions. \"In the film, I play a small town guy who comes to Delhi to study. But things take such a turn that he gets drawn into the world of gigolos. When I started doing theatre, I had to get rid of inhibitions. On-screen I had to make love to an elderly women. I made sure that I didn't do anything to risk being typecast and that would hurt the sentiments of my family.\" Says Rajesh, \"The movie's premise and the role is challenging. I'm playing Shilpa's husband who is also a sexual pervert.\"Shooting happened in the dingy lanes of Paharganj, Barakhamba Road and Sarai Rohilla. If all goes well, the film should be released sometime in March this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430727", "title": "Marina's barefooted 'sundal' boys are stars", "text": "CHENNAI: Barefooted boys selling 'sundal' on the glistening sands of the Marina is a common sight, but only a few know their lives. When Pandiaraj, director of the award-winning movie 'Pasanga' tried, the movie 'Marina' was born with the 'sundal' kids themselves playing roles. On Monday, the film crew descended again on the beach for the audio launch with a campaign to keep the beach clean.\"I am thrilled to have featured in the movie,\" said M Rajesh, a class 11 student. \"I sell sundal here to support my parents. Such movies create awareness about our existence,\" said the 14-year-old in a bright white T-shirt he got for the occasion.The film's crew members collected garbage strewn on the beach. \"As the movie speaks about this beach, we thought residents along the coastline should know the importance of keeping it clean,\" said the movie's art director Crawford.Pandiaraj was excited as he narrated the trigger of the movie. \"I chanced upon a little boy who was selling 'sundal'. When I asked him whether he attended school, he said that he was from Ramanathapuram and had to work to settle his father's debt. And hence, could not afford education,\" said Pandiaraj. \"It made me feel guilty and I planned a movie on them. We were on the beach for over four months. My team studied the lives of these boys. Most of them are from poor families in southern parts of the state. The movie speaks about the aspirations of these children,\" said Pandiaraj.The director wants to walk the talk. \"I am planning to educate such children and clear some of their debts, with the profit I get from this movie,\" said Pandiaraj. The movie is not all about the kids-it also portrays elderly beggars who live on the beach.\"I met an old man from Thanjavur who was kicked out by his father-in-law. There are different characters on the beach. One just needs patience to spot them,\" says Pandiaraj.Vijay, who is making his debut as the cameraman for this movie, is happy that he has started his career as a cinematographer in a movie with a social cause. \"Many times I have imagined the plight of these boys. But this is the first time I am seeing their lives at close quarters,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429757", "title": "Road show to boost tourism in state", "text": "PATNA: To attract domestic tourists to Bihar, Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has organized a series of roadshow - 'Discover Bihar'- in 10 big cities. This initiative kicked off from Hyderabad on Friday and would conclude in Guwahati on March 25.\"The major focus of this initiative is on telling people to change their old perception of Bihar. Now people can travel safely in any part of the state,\" said Navin Kumar, deputy general manager of BSTDC.During the roadshow, BSTDC team would be spending two days in each of the 10 cities - Hyderabad, New Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Surat, Jaipur and Guwahati.\"We are showcasing Bihar through PowerPoint presentations and also through posters and banners explaining its rich glory and the present-day Bihar. We have already organized quiz on Bihar. In Hyderabad, more than 300 kids participated in the quiz contest,\" Kumar told TOI.Kumar, after his return from Hyderabad said: \"We received a huge response in Hyderabad. Thousands of people visited the roadshow and appreciated the effort made by the state government for promotion of domestic tourism.\" The BSTDC team also explained the rich tradition of Bihar's art and handicrafts. The samples of Madhubani paintings, Sikki art work and Bhagalpur silk were liked by one and all.\"Due to some reasons, we could not hold a folk music and cultural programme in Hyderabad but in other cities we will also organize folk music and dance performances by local artistes of Bihar,\" said Kumar.Through the roadshow, the BSTDC team also informed people about the state's famous religious and adventure sites. The major religious centres of Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism and Sufism caught the attention of Hyderabadis.\"Bihar has attracted more than 5.27 lakh foreign tourists till November in the last calendar year. We want the same response from domestic tourists too with this initiative,\" Kumar said. The BSTDC visiting team also mentioned the recently introduced cruise in Ganga, ecotourism, para gliding at Rajgir and floating restaurant and water sports in Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11429653", "title": "VTU VC now insists he got a first class in BE", "text": "BANGALORE: The controversy surrounding the appointment of H Maheshappa, vice-chancellor of Visvesvaraya Technological University ( VTU), took yet another interesting turn on Monday with his counsel insisting he had scored 62.92% marks.During the last hearing, his previous counsel admitted before the bench that the VC had submitted \"incorrect\" information regarding his education qualifications pertaining to the BE course in his bio-data at the time of selection to the post of VC in 2010.Following the admission on Monday, the high court directed him as well as petitioners to file by Friday the affidavits indicating the yardsticks which were in place for award of the class categories in 1983 when Maheshappa completed his BE (mechanical) course from Mysore University.The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen gave this direction after the new counsel insisted that Maheshappa had aggregated 62.92% marks though he had failed in two subjects in the ninth semester but subsequently cleared them. \"If you have failed in two subjects, how can you be awarded first or second class?\" the bench asked.\"You are doing somersaults. One day, you file statement admitting to incorrect information and the next day you insist you had got good marks. It's like a comedy of errors \" the Chief Justice remarked.Maheshappa had also filed a statement stating this but he insisted that a First Class was not a requirement for the post of VC. Petitioners G H Anil Kumar and others alleged that Maheshappa provided false information about marks secured in his BE course as well as some information about project work he had undertaken in aeronautical research for defence establishments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429633", "title": "Most 2007 poll promises still unfulfilled", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Election promises are not made to be fulfilled,\" Vilasrao Deshmukh , former chief minister, had once said some years ago. He was quite honest about the fact but others don't say it, even though the result is the same.The ruling BJP-Shiv Sena coalition in NMC has only partly fulfilled promises made before the 2007 municipal elections. The party leaders cite several hindrances in implementing the promises. While some of them are true, many voters are unlikely to accept these excuses.The BJP-led coalition had promised cement roads, railway overbridges, uninterrupted water supply, sports complexes, community halls, malls, creation of employment opportunities, etc. Most of these are yet to be completed. One or two promises, like malls and Bhandewadi power plant, have been almost scrapped.Consumer activist Naval Trivedi alleged the ruling coalition had no interest in completing the development works but blindly passed proposals in NMC House. \"They have misled people on many matters. They said that no consumer needs to pay water bill for over 50 units, fully knowing that the state government won't accept the proposal.\"Another activist Shahid Sharif said that NMC's JNNURM rating was 'D' and hence the ruling coalition's excuses could not be accepted. \"They did not do regular work properly, leave alone new ones. Ward committees were not formed. E-governance has not taken off,\" he charged.Chhaoni resident Pankaj Maniktala feels that most corporators did not know their responsibilities. \"They are only interested in publicity and earning money. However, the performance of corporator Dr Prashant Chopra shows that where there is a will there is a way. He got street lights installed in private societies and roads constructed in areas even where he did not expect votes.\"However, there are some voters who feel that BJP's performance was better than Congress'. \"I would give a second chance to them. Congress tried to stall many development works,\" said Dinesh Naidu.Lawyer Srirang Bhandarkar said that given the fact that the Congress government meted out step-motherly treatment to Nagpur, since it was ruled by the BJP, the ruling coalition had done well. \"Compared to the Congress regime their performance was better.\"City BJP chief Anil Sole admitted that most of the major projects had not been completed, but cited various reasons. He parried questions on whether the common voter would accept it. \"The cement roads project was stuck because the administration did not clear it for two years. Railway overbridges and underbridges are stuck up because Indian Railways is delaying permissions. The malls project did not take off because of economic slowdown,\" he said.Sole claimed that his party had fulfilled many promises, \"We provided many economic opportunities to poor women , NMC school students, started foreign language courses, provided health care to poor at subsidized cost or free. We also completed the Kanhan water treatment plant, which will improve water supply in eastern part of the city.\"Congress had also made many pre-poll promises but most of them, which could have been fulfilled at ward level, have not been fulfilled. Commenting on this, city Congress chief Jaiprakash Gupta said that opposition corporators were discriminated against.\"The ruling coalition gave funds only to their corporators and to those whom they wanted to wean away from us. They tried their best to sabotage our prospects,\" he said. Refusing to comment on the manifesto for the upcoming polls, he said it would be inappropriate to do so at this juncture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11429443", "title": "Saina hopes to come good in Kuala Lumpur", "text": "HYDERABAD: For sure last week's quarterfinal loss at the Korea Open will sting Saina Nehwal a lot. The world no. 4, who got back on track with a final flourish at the World Super Series Finals in December, was shocked by a lower ranked player at Seoul .However, the Indian ace is unperturbed by the unexpected loss and is keen on getting the best out of the Malaysia Open Super Series which kicks off in Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday.\"It was one such bad day where nothing worked in my favour. I know it happens at this level and I'm not worried about it,\" said Saina, who will meet Juan Gu of Singapore in the 1st round.Saina had defeated Juan twice earlier and may find it easy against her on Wednesday. If she gets past Juan, Saina is likely to meet Shao Cheih Cheng, the finalist at the World Championships, in the second round. Only last week Saina beat her in straight games but she knows that the talented Korean can never be taken lightly.The draw is similar to that of the Korean Open and every match from the second round will be very tough. Chief coach Pullela Gopichand said, \"Though she lost in the quarters she played well. For the last few months we have been working on very small aspects of her game and it will take a couple of months more for her to reach the peak.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424409", "title": "I\u2019ve never had it easy: Imran Khan", "text": "Contrary to what people generally believe, actor Imran Khan admits that he never had it easy trying to get a foothold in the industry as an actor, this, despite coming from an illustrious filmy background.\"Not many people know this by my debut film \"Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na\" sat in the cans for almost one and half years. I finished shooting for the film, completed \" Kidnap\" and \"Jaane Tu...\" still hadn't released. The same happened with \" Delhi Belly\" too. The movie sat in the cans for three years, with no one willing to buy it. That both films finally released and created quite a buzz is a different story altogether,\" confesses the star.Now that the actor has consolidated his position in the industry, he still does not take his work or stardom for granted. \"Many have asked me if I chose my roles, for example like in \"Delhi Belly\", in a bid to shock the audience. Let me tell you, it's not true. If you try to go out there and do something to shock the audience without even giving the script a second thought, trust me the audience will shock you by rejecting the film. I've never accept a role just because I think it's 'hatke'. I have to believe in the script,\" quips Imran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11433037", "title": "New bird sighted at Chilika lake", "text": "Berhampur: The Glossy Ibis was detected for first time at the Chilika during the bird count by ornithologists. The tiny but shiny birds were spotted by enumerators in the lake's Mangalajodi area. \"As many as 982 Glossy Ibis are there,\" DFO (Chilika wildlife division) B P Acharya said.\"We have not recorded the visit of this bird to the lake in the last several years and after verification of the records, bird experts said this might be the new species to visit the lake this winter,\" the DFO said.This year, 8.83 lakh birds of 167 species have arrived at the lake. This is 78,000 more than last year, when 163 species had been sighted.Around 80 persons, including ornithologists of Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), officials of wildlife organizations, several ornithologists and wildlife activists took part in the bird count conducted over the 1100 sq km vast lake from 6 to 11 am on Sunday.The bird density was highest in the 15.59 sq. km Nalabana bird sanctuary area where 3.18 lakh were detected. Mangalajodi has hosted 1.38 lakh birds this year followed by Kalupadaghat with 1.05 lakh, sources said. The highest number of gadwalls, 187,595, visited the lake. The gadwall was followed by pintail (1,24,691) and Eurasian Wigeon (111,945).Improvement in the habitat of the lake might be one of the causes for more winged guests visiting Chilika this time, an wildlife official said. The migratory birds come from far off places like Caspian Sea, Lake Baikal, remote parts of Russia , central and South East Asia, Ladakh and Himalayas. They start their homeward journey with the onset of summer.The wildlife officials have recorded fewer flamingoes and shovelors this winter. The DFO said he could not find out the reasons for the fall of their numbers this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11430410", "title": "2 injured in fire outbreak at illegal cracker-making unit", "text": "KOTTAYAM: In a fire outbreak at an illegal cracker-making unit at Neendur on Monday, a woman was seriously injured and another person suffered minor injuries.Molly Mathew, 45, and Prakash, 42, were working in the unit when the fire broke out around 10am, the police said.Local people rushed to extinguish the fire before the Fire and Rescue Services personnel reached the spot. The injured were taken to a private hospital in Kottayam.Molly suffered 60 per cent burns. Prakash's injuries were not grave. They were engaged in making crackers for a function at Kallara, sources said.A case was registered under Section 9 of the Indian Explosives Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11431160", "title": "NSA: India, China not strategic adversaries", "text": "As India and China decide to resume boundary talks, NSA Shivshankar Menon asserted on Monday that the argument about the two countries being strategic adversaries was misplaced. Menon said that the issue actually was whether or not the two countries can continue to manage \"the elements of competition within an agreed strategic framework which permits both of us to pursue our core interests\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11435264", "title": "HTC unveils 16MP camera phone Titan II", "text": "At the Consumer Electronics Show 2012 in Las Vegas , USA, HTC Corp has announced the company's first Windows Phone to run on a 4G LTE network, Titan II.Sporting a large 4.7-inch super LCD capacitive touchscreen display, HTC Titan II features a 16 megapixel camera with a wide-angle lens, autofocus, dual LED flash, red eye reduction, image stabilization, a backside-illuminated sensor and a physical camera button. The smartphone also enables 720p HD video recording.The phone's other camera features include, panoramic shot for sweeping landscapes and burst shot for action photography. HTC has also added a 1.3 megapixel front facing camera for video chat and video calling.Peter Chou , CEO of HTC Corp said, \"HTC's history of innovation in 4G technology includes delivering the first 4G-powered devices to each major carrier in the US. The smartphone combines HTC's design with AT&T;'s high-speed 4G LTE network and Microsoft's powerful Windows Phone software, giving people more of what they crave.\"Powered by Qualcomm's 1.5 GHz Snapdragon S2 processor, HTC Titan II will feature the latest version of Windows Phone OS and will pack 1,730mAh lithium ion battery.The phone will also offer quick access to the latest movies and TV shows via HTC Watch and on-the-go gaming with Xbox LIVE.HTC Titan II, which comes with a large on-screen keyboard, will offer instant access to Windows Phone Office Hub, Microsoft Exchange 2010 and Outlook Mobile. The LiveTile display will bring the latest updates and news from popular social networks directly to the home screen. The phone will also let customers download exclusive HTC applications for free within Windows Marketplace through HTC Hub. The phone also offers support for Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and GPS.The HTC Titan II is expected to become available exclusively from AT&T; in the US in the coming months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11429825", "title": "UGDP-Goa Vikas Party to announce poll alliance today", "text": "MARGAO: Ending the suspense over a pre-poll alliance, the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) and the Goa Vikas Party (GVP) have decided to align their forces together in a bid to pose a formidable challenge to the Congress party in the March 3 assembly elections.Confirming this, UGDP secretary general Anacleto Viegas said that talks have been positive and the alliance between the two parties will be formally announced at a joint press conference to be addressed by himself and the GVP supremo, Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, on Tuesday.Asked about the seat-sharing arrangement for the alliance, Viegas said, \"We are still working it out. All these details will be given tomorrow.\" Pacheco, when contacted, said, \"All is done\". But, GVP general secretary Lyndon Monteiro told TOI that the final round of talks was yet to be held.Though both parties have agreed to align forces, a hard bargain is still underway over the contentious issue of seat-sharing.Speaking to TOI, UGDP vice president Shravan Dubhashi said that the party has insisted on contesting in 12 constituencies, leaving the rest for the GVP. \"The UGDP-GVP will contest in all 40 constituencies. We are yet to arrive at a final agreement over seat-sharing in some key constituencies. But, we are hopeful of thrashing out differences within a day or two,\" Dubhashi said.Sources said that while most issues have been resolved, the Cortalim seat has turned out to be a sticky point. While Pacheco has already announced the candidature of Nelly Rodrigues from Cortalim, the UGDP is keen on fielding former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha from this assembly seat.Saldanha, who had contested the last assembly elections on the UGDP ticket, has already made known his stance that if the UGDP-GVP alliance takes shape, the UGDP should retain the Cortalim constituency for itself.\"We are yet to arrive at a consensus over the Cortalim seat. As far as possible, we will try to avoid friendly fights,\" Dubhashi said. UGDP president Jorson Fernandes, who had contested against urban development minister Joaquim Alemao in Cuncolim last time, is not very keen in contesting in this election. \"We are still trying to convince Jorson to contest the elections,\" Dubhashi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11434131", "title": "Kids have a day full of fun out at BVM", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fun, frolic and masti rocked the premises of Bhartiya Vidya Mandir Senior Secondary School, Udham Singh Nagar, who celebrated Kiddies Fete Babys Day Out. The cheerful, chirpy, sunny morning brightened the spirits of the kids and their parents. The fete commenced with the welcome of the guests who rejoiced zealously at the various stalls. Sumptuous delicacies at food court catered to the taste buds of the parents, and the colourful bouncing rides, swings and sizzling dance floor left the kids crazy.A healthy baby contest was also organized which saw the participation of cute babies. The fancy dress competition exhibited their many hidden talents on the stage. Enthusiastic moms participated in the exclusive contest, \"My Mom-The Best Chef'' with their dainty homemade dishes. Dads proved themselves as super heroes of their kids in an arm wrestling combat arranged for them. Parents recalled their childhood when they participated in \"Musical Chair'' contest.Best dancers Harpreet, Priyanka, Rahul, Abhinav set the stage ablaze with their marvellous dance performances. The lucky winners of Healthy Baby Contest were Mahira Bhandari and Samarveer Singh. In Fancy Dress Competition Fiza Dutta, Gurpriya, Kanika and Niharika were declared the winners. Krishma Jain was adjudged the best chef, Ajay Dutta was declared the strongest dad. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11434917", "title": "Congress \u2018jail-bharo' puts Bhopal out of gear", "text": "BHOPAL: The 'jail-bharo' rally called by the Congress party protesting against the BJP rule in the state turned out to be a test of patience and tolerance for the public at large.Thrown at the mercy of a handful of traffic police men, school children in many cases walked for kilometres to get back homes as vehicles were not allowed. Hundreds of cars, buses and public transport vehicles were stranded in the rally as traffic from Lal Ghati to MP Nagar was thrown out of gear. People also missed trains as all the roads leading to railway station were jammed from 10 am to 5 pm.Amidst all this chaos, the district police looked helpless and was almost a mute witness to the people's sufferings.Yogesh Choudhry SSP Bhopal, told TOI, \"Congested places like Iqbal Maidan is not at all suited to hold rallies. It is not for the police to decide, but for the political parties and activist organisations to come to an understanding for public good.\"However, the Bhopal SSP also said, \"Traffic advisory was sent a day in advance.\" The five- line advisory mentioned the available parking spots and a mention to avoid VIP road from 1 pm to 4 pm. It however did not state any diversion of traffic as a fall out of the protests.District collector Nikunj Shrivastava was unavailable for comment.The administration got it all wrong from the start. First they allowed the rally to be held at the Iqbal Maidan and the demonstration concluded at around 2 pm, just the perfect time to add to the chaos when children from schools and colleges head back home from both the parts of the city- old Bhopal and the new part of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430936", "title": "Two thieves nabbed for murder of senior citizen in Naranpura", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two youths were nabbed by Naranpura police officials for their involvement in a number of laptop thefts on Monday. The duo also confessed a murder that they committed on September 11.It was a fluke for the Naranpura police officials when they nabbed the two suspects of laptop thefts. When they started interrogating the duo about their previous crimes, they not only confessed to have stolen three laptops and a number of other thefts but also to a murder.According to Naranpura police officials, Jaya Patel, 88, a resident of Panchsheel Society, Usmanpura, was found dead by her domestic help on September 11 last year. Patel's daughter and son-in-law, living in Satellite, were infomed.The duo then informed police. They told investigators that Patel was bed-ridden for long and was living alone. She was found dead on her bed itself where strangulation by bare hands was considered as possibility. Police rounded up a domestic help as suspect but released him later due to lack of evidences.On Monday, Naranpura police officials got a tip-off that a group was to sell a stolen laptop near Shramjeevi Nagar. Working on the information, the team nabbed Ramesh Chavda and his son Vijay, residents of Vadaj, with a stolen laptop.Sandeep Singh, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, told media on Monday that the murder was committed by Ramesh Vijay and two other accomplices. \"The gang used to move around in an autorickshaw. On that night, they targeted Patel's house and entered it from the balcony. They stole Rs 2,000 from the residence. Patel woke up hearing the noise,\" said Singh. \"On realizing she was awake, one of them forced her to sniff a chloroform-laced handkerchief whereas another strangled her in bed. The three group members then also stole three gold bangles worn by her.\"Singh added that the search for gold bangles as evidence in the case is on and the jewellers who used to receive stolen goods from the group are being identified. Both Vijay and Ramesh have been arrested earlier by police for house break-in cases.The police investigators also found three stolen laptops and a mobile phone from the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11433815", "title": "Mangala Stadium awaits Youth Fest 2012 delegates", "text": "MANGALORE: It is an image makeover for Mangala Stadium that will leave even the worst critics of government setup in disbelief. Thanks to 17th National Youth Festival, the stadium, managed by department of youth affairs and sports, that was off limits for public and athletes from December last is now awaiting delegates of the five-day festival that kicks off here on January 12. Inaugural and valedictory functions of the meet will be held at the stadium.Workers are giving finishing touches to the main dais erected on a five-foot tall platform that is 160 feet long and 65 feet across. The spacious dais, erected by Raja Enterprises, Bangalore, gives audience unrestricted view of the proceedings on the dais, says M Mohan Alva, chairman, Alva's Education Foundation, who has been vested with the responsibility of the stage, the opening and valedictory functions and the cultural procession prior to the inaugural.Yakshagana and local folk traditions will provide the backdrop for the stage that is being constructed on the chavadi concept, Mohan Alva told TOI. \"Around 25,000 people including the delegates, officials and VVIPs can view the onstage events from seating arrangements in front of the dais as well as the neatly spruced up galleries,\" Mohan said adding that spacious green rooms and VVIP rooms too have been incorporated on either flanks of the stage.While the public works department that was tasked with readying the stage, the sound and lighting system has planned and executed the brief given to them to the last minute detail, the department of youth affairs and sports has done a good job of sprucing the stadium. The front entrance of the stadium has been given a facelift on lines with the head office of any corporate office and the well manicured lawn in the front too gives relief to the eyes.A media centre with 25 computers, scanners, printers and copiers and high speed data lines has been set up next to the stage. Mohan Alva said the initial idea was to set up the media centre right behind the main stage close to VVIP rooms but was shifted to the right hand side of the stage. The seating area too has been clearly demarcated with space for VVIPs, VIPs, officials, media, delegates and the public , Alva added.DK district administration has opened a reception and information centre at Mangalore Central Railway station to welcome delegates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430873", "title": "Two more chilly nights ahead", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Weather department has warned of two more chilly nights ahead. Officials said that cold wave conditions will prevail in parts of Gujarat on Tuesday and Wednesday. On Monday, chill was experienced in almost all regions of the state. Naliya continued to shiver at 4.8 degrees celcius while Gandhinagar recorded 6.2 degrees minimum temperature.In Ahmedabad, the minimum temperature was recorded at 9.7 degrees celcius. People felt the chill during the day time as well, since the temperature was 24.3 degrees, a good five degrees below normal. Officials said that the temperature was at least three degrees below normal in many cities and towns. Minimum temperature hovered at 7-8 degrees in many places.\"Both day and night temperatures in most parts of the state have dropped three degrees below normal. The cold wave conditions will continue for next two nights as the winds are northerly. However, a further drop in temperature is not expected,\" director of India Meteorological Department ( IMD), Gujarat Kamaljit Ray said.Ray said that 7 degrees was the lowest temperature recorded in Ahmedabad on Sunday during the season.In Deesa and Amreli, the minimum temperature was recorded at 7.5 and 7 degrees respectively. In Bhuj, the minimum temperature was recorded at 7.4 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429073", "title": "NMC blames MSEDCL for poles on roads, opposes recovery from citizens", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has opposed a petition by Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) to recover expenses of shifting electrical infrastructure on city roads from consumers within city limits. NMC has also blamed MSEDCL for the problem.In its reply submitted with Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC), NMC said MSEDCL (erstwhile MSEB) had not taken any clearance from NMC during erection of electricity lines on road, which would have prevented a hurdle for traffic.\"Cost for shifting electric poles, lines, transformers and other electricity related equipment should not be recovered from consumers in particular areas,\" said NMC.MSEDCL's petition dated November 17, 2011, has requested MERC to permit recovery of expenditure of shifting poles and conversion of low tension/high tension overhead distribution network to underground from consumers residing in Mahal, Gandhibagh, Congress Nagar and Civil Lines divisions at the rate of Rs 130 per month per consumer (tentatively) over a period of six months by way of infrastructure charges.NMC said it and MSEDCL have to contribute 50% of expenses to be incurred in shifting work. \"Total expenditure on IRDP roads will come to approximately Rs 140 crore. NMC had already invited tenders for works worth Rs 100 crore, of which Rs 50 crore worth work orders were given to contractors. NMC is bearing the entire expenditure on roads other than IRDP. NMC had completed works on few roads constructed under IRDP. MSEDCL had reimbursed 50% of cost as per directives of high court and Supreme Court,\" said NMC.NMC has also said the shifting work is to remove obstacles on the roads and to prevent mishaps. The work is not meant for conversion of overhead system into underground system or strengthening the system. Besides, the work is also not meant for consumers residing in city limits. Therefore, the expenditure should not be recovered from the consumers, said the civic body.\"If MSEDCL is permitted to follow similar policy in other areas in the state, orders may be given to bear the cost being incurred by NMC on roads other than IRDP,\" said NMC.The main cause of the problem was widening of roads by NMC. Therefore, MERC has made NMC respondent in the case along with other parties. The electricity consumer representatives have already opposed MSEDCL's proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430413", "title": "Victoria horse collapses near Gateway", "text": "MUMBAI: A horse pulling a Victoria collapsed and got injured in front of The Table restaurant, near the Gateway of India on Sunday.Onlookers gathered as the horse driver yanked hard to pull the horse up as it was splayed across the middle of the road. The horse tried twice to stand up, only to hear the gasps of onlookers as it slammed back down with a thud against the pavement, with its rear left shoes dangling on its leg by one nail.The horse fell as it had been fitted with an improper shoe, which had loosened and not been was not changed on timeby the horse's guardians in time. A case has been registered under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.One observer, Tammy Khajotia, who is a passionate horse rider herself, was able to subdue and calm the horse while waiting for the BSPCA (Bombay Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals) to come by with a van, over an hour after the initial call was made.The horse had clearly visible cuts and was bleeding from 3 of its legs, and frothing at the mouth perpetually, according to the animal lover, Khajotia. A police complaint was registered at Colaba police station, under Section 11 of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960.Quote from Tammy: \"As an animal lover, and particularly an avid rider, it is heartbreaking to see such flippant and careless treatment of horses in Mumbai is still a day to day reality\".\"I could tell how the horse survived in complete fear of the drivers, so much so that just them touching the horse would have him on edge, and burying his head in my arms\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430690", "title": "Child dies after slab caves in at brick kiln", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-year-old child playing in a brick kiln died after a concrete structure collapsed in Manali New Town on Sunday.Police said C Christina was playing with her two brothers when the incident took place. Her parents Christhuraj and Arokiavinoli from Villupuram were working at the brick kiln at Vellivayalchavadi near Manali New Town for the last 10 days. On Sunday, their three children went to play inside the kiln as it was empty.\"Around 12.30pm on Sunday, the three children were swinging from a concrete slab which caved in. The two boys had a miraculous escape but the girl was severely injured,\" police said. The boys ran outside to call their parents but Christina died before they reached her.\"The family was living in one of the huts put up for the kiln workers. The concrete structure was being built to fix electrical meters,\" a police officer said.The body was taken to Stanley Medical College Hospital for autopsy. Manali New Town police have registered a case under section 174 (unnatural death) of Criminal Procedure Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11431799", "title": "Confusion ends over draping Maya statues", "text": "NOIDA: High confusion prevailed on Monday over which department would drape the statues of Mayawati and elephants in the district with authorities passing the buck among each other. While the district administration has written to Noida Authority to carry out the work at the Dalit Prerna Sthal, the latter has, in turn, forwarded the same to the Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Limited (UPRNNL).Only two days remain for the mammoth task of covering all statues before the Election Commission deadline expires at 5pm on January 11.\"We have written to the Noida Authority CEO to cover the statues as they are responsible for maintenance of the Dalit Park,\" said Saravjeet Ram, ADM (Finance). \"We have also asked the Greater Noida Authority to drape statues in Surajpur and those within the premises of Gautam Buddh University,\" added Ram.However, Noida Authority says that it is yet to be formally handed over charge of the Dalit Park from the UPRNNL, which has built the park, and has hence has forwarded them the letter for the cover up job. \"The maintenance of the park is still with construction agency, so they should carry out the draping work,\" said Santram Singh, chief project engineer of Noida Authority.UPRNNL confirmed late in the evening that it has received the communication for the draping work. \"Work will begin from tomorrow and completed before the deadline expires,\" said Arvind Trivedi, general manager, UPRNNL (Noida). Huge rolls of pink plastic sheets were seen being unloaded at the park in the evening for covering the statues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11430886", "title": "Now, a device that can hear termites chew", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have come up with a new wireless device which they claim can detect the presence of termites by \"hearing\" them chew through timber.A team at Edith Cowan University says that the sensitive device, called wireless smart probe (WiSPr) network for acoustic detection, is also capable of locating termite activity in timber bridges and wooden power poles.And, once detected, the device can immediately send an SMS or email to a pest control firm - with the termites' GPS location - so they can take appropriate action to protect the property. The developers are looking to commercialize the device in the next 12 months.The technology consists of a tiny sensor - smaller than a fingernail - which is attached to a piece of wood and placed around the house to existing termite stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "11437162", "title": "Terrorists on run in J&K;: Indian Army", "text": "JAMMU: The Army today said security forces had foiled numerous infiltration attempts and terrorists were on the run with their leadership eliminated to a great extent in Jammu and Kashmir.\"The relentless hard work by security forces has kept terrorists on the run in Jammu and Kashmir\", General Officer Commanding in Chief (GOC-in-C), Northern Command, Lt. Gen. K T Parnaik said.\"As their numbers have dwindled and the leadership has been eliminated to a great extent, the operations are now entering a more difficult phase,\" he told troops in Akhnoor sector along the LoC. \"This demands excellent synergy among all security forces, intelligence agencies and the civil administration,\" the army officer said.He expressed hope the terrorists would be dealt a final blow in the state soon.Lt Gen Parnaik visited the forward posts along the LoC in Akhnoor Sector and Counter-Insurgency Forces Uniform Headquarters and Romeo Force unit at Reasi and Maniyarwala respectively. He also reviewed defence preparedness and on-going counter infiltration operations in both the sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11432811", "title": "Gir lions treat V-P to visual feast", "text": "RAJKOT: Vice-president Hamid Ansari, who arrived in Sasan Gir in Junagadh district on a two-day visit on Sunday, saw 27 lions during his two-and-a-half-hour visit to the jungle. Ansari and his wife Salma while in the Asiatic lion's last abode, visited Kumbharni, Paniyali and other ranges in the forest on Sunday evening.Forest officials said Ansari was delighted on seeing the pride of lions and described the tour as a memorable one for him. He was welcomed by Gujarat's finance minister Vajubhai Vala upon his arrival at Rajkot airport. He received a warm welcome from state tourism minister Jaynarayan Vyas when he reached Sasan Gir at around 12:30 pm on Sunday in a helicopter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11429582", "title": "Health squad raids three sonography centers", "text": "AKOLA: The flying squad of health department attached to Akola Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) conducted raids on three sonography centers on Sunday. The team, headed by health officer Dr Farukh Sheikh, sealed two sonography machines at Suraj Sonography Centre in Amankha plots owned by Dr Vandana Bagdi.The squad also raided Laxminarayan Hospital owned by Dr Mukesh Rathi and Amrut Hospital of Dr Seema Tayde but nothing objectionable was found.Two commit suicideVasant Nathhuji Sawdekar (53), resident of village Takli Nimkarda near Akola, committed suicide by hanging himself to death on Sunday, police informed. Further investigations are on.In another incident, Bhimrao Ghongde (40), resident of village Sawli under Sangrampur taluka of Buldhana district, consumed poison on Sunday. He was died during medical treatment on the same day afternoon.Four-yr-old girl crushed to deathA four-year-old girl was crushed to death on Sunday. Mukta Ram Dambelkar, resident of village Ural in Akola district, was knocked down by a speeding Metador. Driver of the killer vehicle Sanjay Wavre has been arrested and offence has been registered against him.35-yr-old dies of burn injuriesDinesh Mahadeo Jamnik (35), resident of Barshi Takli near Akola, succumbed to burn injuries while undergoing treatment at Civil Hospital on Sunday. He was admitted to the hospital with 50% burn injuries on January 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431601", "title": "Road tax makes UT favoured car registration hub", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A year after UT effected hike in road tax rates, Chandigarh continues to be the favourite destination for registration of vehicles by residents of not just neighbouring states, but even Delhi and beyond.The reason is that despite the increase, the top road tax slab remains at 4% of vehicle's cost. In other states, the rate goes to 8 to 10%.Panchkula-based car dealer Ashok Chaturvedi said, \"Our agency sold around 20 cars to residents of different states. Most buyers wanted to register their vehicles in Chandigarh. You can say it happens due to road tax difference. But many also prefer registration number to be from Chandigarh.\"Chandigarh administration had hiked road tax rates in January 2011. For cars costing up to Rs 6 lakh the road tax was set at 2% of the cost of the vehicle. The maximum charge was for cars costing more than 20 lakh. In Haryana, the minimum road tax is also 2%, but on cars costing up to Rs 5 lakh. The highest charge is 8% for cars worth Rs 20 lakh and more.Atul Sethi, who works with a Delhi-based vehicle dealership and finance company, told TOI, \"In Delhi, the minimum road tax is 4% for a cars costing upto Rs 6 lakh. That goes up to 10% for cars worth Rs 10 lakh and above.\" Sethi maintained a majority of businessmen, who had their offices in Chandigarh, preferred to register their vehicles here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11433260", "title": "Kin seek help to trace trader", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: For this family of four, the last seven months has been an ordeal. Their only bread earner, Manish Kumar alias Pappu, 32, has been missing since he left for his shop on May 20 last year. Their woes are being compounded by the tardy progress of the investigation. The trader owns a logistics shop in Sakchi.\"We suspect he has been kidnapped and could be killed,\" said the victim's mother Usha Devi, a resident of Purulia Road, Mango , in her petition to the IG, CID, South Chotanagpur, seeking investigation.A day after the businessman went missing, a complaint was lodged with the Sakchi police station. Thereafter, the police recovered Pappu's Kawasaki motorcycle (JH05AD 0723), which he had taken to his shop from Gandak Road. A few days after recovering the motorcycle, the police also recovered the missing SIM of his mobile phone, which Pappu carried while going to his shop, from a Sakchi based hotel staff.\"Following the recovery of his motorcycle and SIM card we suspected kidnapping and the police also insisted that we lodge a kidnapping case,\" said Vinay Kumar , maternal uncle of the missing businessman.He, however, said there's no property dispute in the family or business rivalry involving Pappu. \"We are investigating, but there's no breakthrough so far,\" said Anurag Gupta, IG, CID, South Chotanagapur zone.\"He did not tell us what was disturbing him but he remained upset and secluded in the weeks ahead of the kidnapping,\" said his maternal uncle. The family, comprising Pappu's mother, sister, wife and a one-year-old son, has been pleading with senior police authorities and politicians but to no avail.\"DIG, Kolhan, Naveen Kumar Singh, and IG, CID in the police department and JVM chief, Babulal Marandi , have been approached for help but there's been no positive fallout,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429899", "title": "SPM asked to act against NMV school principal", "text": "PUNE: The civic education board has urged the Shikshan Prasarak Mandali (SPM) to take disciplinary action against the principal of the Nutan Marathi Vidyalaya (NMV) for alleged irregularities.Ramchandra Jadhav, chairman of the education board, said, \"There were several complaints against the principal of the school, Nanda Mane, by various people. We took cognizance of the complaints and sent a notice to the institution - SPM - that runs the school, to take strict action against the principal. We cannot take action on our own because Mane has been appointed by SPM.\"When contacted, Nanda Mane, the principal of the Nutan Marathi Vidyalaya, said, \"Since 2007, false allegations have been made against me. Some anti-social people are making these allegations against me and saying I have conducted fraudulent activities. I am a mere principal of a primary school and they claim that I have been involved in a fraud amounting to crores of rupees. How can a primary school have so much money to conduct a fraud?\"Mane further said, \"The institution had also appointed a committee to look into the complaints that a section of the society made against me. The committee appointed by the institution submitted a report to the institution clearing my name.\"M R Kadam, state director of primary education, said, \"We have also sent a notice to SPM to take disciplinary action against the NMV principal for misconduct.\"A committee of education board officials was formed recently to look into the numerous complaints that poured in against the principal. The committee submitted its report to the civic board chief and the commit-tee report suggested that Mane should be sacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11434881", "title": "Inter-state timber smuggling gang busted", "text": "INDORE: Forest department sleuths busted an inter-state timber smuggling racket and arrested five persons including the kingpin Anand Sharma, a builder from Ujjain on Sunday.Forest department had laid a trap and caught them red-handed and recovered wooden logs worth Rs 3 lakh, vehicles and a wood-cutter. Interestingly, the use of the wood-cutter is banned across the state. Chief Conservator of Forests, Dr P C Dubey said that acting on a tip-off, they had laid a trap wherein one of the forest officials acted as wood smuggler and struck a deal for delivery of timber.\"We were following the timber mafia for quite some time and on December 27 we asked one of the official to fix a deal with them for the supply of wood logs. The accused agreed to supply 70 wooden logs for Rs 16,000 each near Aurobindo Hospital as a confidence building deal,\" said Dubey adding that they were supplying woods to other parts of the country.The smugglers were hiring local tribals for cutting trees from Hatpipliya, Satwas, Pujapura, Udaynagar and near by areas at the rate of Rs 100 to Rs 500 per trees. Logs were later transported to their place in Ujjain from where he used to transport them to different parts of the country after making them ready to use.Dubey said, \"Only middlemen and small-time thieves have been nabbed but the gang leader always managed to escape. Keeping this in mind, the staff decided to lay trap and trap the smugglers.\"He said that after weeks of observation, the officials managed to fix a delivery of timber consignment at a place. Manoj was caught with timber and vehicles. Based on the information given by him during interrogation, the forest officials raided the house of Sharma in Ujjain and recovered timber worth Rs 2 lakh. Jitendra, Sajid and Akbar were arrested later and all of them were booked for smuggling forest timber.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11436503", "title": "Choreographers day celebrated in Mumbai", "text": "A number of popular Bollywood choreographers gathered yesterday at the Raheja Classic Club in Andheri (Mumbai) to celebrate Choreographer's Day.Those in attendance included veteran as well as contemporary choreographers like Jay Borade, Vaibhavi Merchant, Raju Khan, Saroj Khan, Farah Khan, Remo D'Souza, Longinus Fernandes, Shruti Merchant, Terence Lewis, Habiba Rehman, Ahmed Khan, Seemaa Desai and Pappu Khanna, among others. Hema Maliniwas alsopresent at the occasion and was seen chatting with Saroj Khan. The choreographers also celebrated Farah Khan's birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430555", "title": "Ex-Jamia student withdraws petition", "text": "NEW DELHI: A former student of Jamia Milia Islamia on Monday withdrew a petition from Delhi high court seeking quashing of a 2006 decision of the central university to ban elections to the students union.Ikrar Khan withdrew the petition as the court declined to hear it and indicated it would be dismissed. Last month, Khan moved the court alleging it was unreasonable on the part of the university to ban the elections since March 2006. The petition said the authorities continued to collect a union fee of Rs 50 per student despite there being no elections in the last few years.\"Jamia has 13,810 students and has been charging Rs 50 per student as union fee,\" it argued, urging HC to intervene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431062", "title": "Child Labour Act may be tweaked to be on RTE page", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within days of Sonia Gandhi-led National Advisory Council (NAC) recommending that the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act be amended in sync with the Right to Education (RTE) Act - promising free and compulsory education for children aged between 6 and 14 years - the labour ministry will hold a meeting with HRD officials on Wednesday.This is the first concrete action on NAC's recommendation. NAC's proposal, being supported by the HRD ministry, states that child labour should be prohibited till 14 years. Another amendment being proposed is that children till 18 years should not be employed for hazardous tasks. Labour ministry sources said NAC's proposal would act as a template and there could be modifications, but implication of the RTE Act would be factored in the Child Labour Act.Child Labour Act defines a child as a person who is below 14 years of age. The Act also says that no child should be employed for hazardous work. NAC said after the enactment of RTE Act the distinction between \"prohibited and regulated employment that underwrites Child Labour Act is no longer tenable.\"Educationists as well as the HRD ministry has been arguing in favour of changing the child labour law to bring in more children in the education net. \"The child who works instead of being in school loses opportunities to break out of poverty, and suffers severe and irreversible damage to her physical and mental health,\" NAC said. It also argued that the \"current regime of graded legality of child work is not in consonance with the fundamental rights of every child, including her right to be in school\".While recommending a ban on child labour till the age of 14, NAC has also said that the law should not penalize parents for making their children work. \"Nor should the law criminalize children assisting their parents in work at home, in the fields or vending after school hours or during holidays,\" NAC said. But it has also recommended that since penalties under the Child Labour Act are \"weak and poorly enforced\", all offences under the Act should be made \"cognizable and non-bailable.\"NAC has said HRD and women &amp; child development ministries should be entrusted with the job of rehabilitating child workers through child-supportive programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11436139", "title": "Amit Dolawat to do Samba with Jaswir Kaur", "text": "Amit Dolawat, who is busy playing a psychotic husband Abhishek in Sasural Genda Phool, is very excited about his dance performance in front of world's oldest dancer Ms. TAO PORCHON LYNCH.She is 94yrs young and is coming to India on 10th January 2012. While Sushmita Sen and the legendary Asha Parekh will felicitate her spirit for life and her passion for dancing, Amit Dolawta will dance with Jaswir Kaur of CID fame to honor her. Says Amit, \"I enjoy dancing the Latin forms and I am completely hooked to it. Jaswir and me do occasional Latin jigs sometimes at friend's parties but this is the first time we both are going to give a stage performance together. We are both excited and geared up for it, especially because Sandip Soparrkar himself is choreographing our performance. Jaswir and me are dancing to celebrate the always dancing attitude of the legendary Tao.\"Latin American ballroom sensation and ace choreographer Mr. Sandip Soparrkar is initiating and putting the whole felicitation ceremony together at the Sheesha lounge in Juhu on the 10th of January 7 to 10 pm in honour of his teacher and mentor TAO.The uniqueness of the event would be all the Latin ballroom dance forms like the rumba, samba, cha cha cha, jive and the tango would be performed on HINDI and BOLLYWOOD songs by different celebrity performers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11429540", "title": "Deceased labourer's wife gets quick compensation", "text": "BHANDARA: In a rare gesture, collector Bhandara issued a cheque of Rs25, 000 to the widow of a deceased labourer who died of sunstroke during EGS work last summer.Wasudeo Lanjewar, of Neri village was working on road project under EGS in his village on May 25, 2010. He collapsed unconscious suddenly, while working, according to sources. He was taken to a nearby public health centre in Warthi, but doctors declared him brought dead. They said sunstroke as the cause of his death.His wife Sonabai Lanjewar had applied for compensation that is given to worker's kin if they die during EGS work, on January 2, this year. Collector Pradeep Kalbhor called BDO Mohali and ordered him to issue the cheque of Rs25000 to Sonabai. In a solemn function, MLA Anil Bawankar handed over the cheque to Sonabai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429850", "title": "Ralegan sarpanch plans to contest ZP polls on NCP ticket", "text": "PUNE: The sarpanch of social crusader Anna Hazare's native place Ralegan Siddhi, Jaisingh Mapari, plans to contest the Zilla Parishad (ZP) election scheduled on February 7, on a Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) ticket. The decision was announced by Mapari on Monday in Ralegan Siddhi.Hazare has time and again spoken against NCP president Sharad Pawar for \"shielding corrupt ministers\". He had also opposed Pawar's inclusion in the joint committee of civil society members and government representatives to prepare a draft of the Lokpal bill after Hazare's fast in April last year. His remarks after Pawar was attacked in Delhi had created a controversy as well.\"The local NCP leaders and my well-wishers had approached me with a proposal to contest ZP election. We had a meeting and discussed the matter, after which I met Anna in this regard. Anna has given me a go ahead to contest the election,\" said Mapari, while speaking to TOI on Monday.Mapari said that he aspired to contest the election from the Wade-Ghavan group (the ZP constituency with open category) on an NCP ticket. The constituency falls in Parner taluka of Ahmednagar district.\"During my meeting with Anna, I took his blessings. Even though I aspire to contest the election on an NCP ticket, I will always follow Anna's principles of social service,\" he said.He added that he would remain active in Hazare's anti-corruption fight and his plans to contest the election would not hamper his fight against corrupt practices. Mapari also said that the NCP had always supported Hazare's anti-corruption movement. There were no differences in the party on the issue of the fight against corruption, he said.Mapari said that he would submit the form on January 21. Voting is scheduled on February 7. He said that he would go to Ahmednagar and meet party leaders to discuss further plans and would appear for an interview with leaders on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430828", "title": "Brawl over cricket leads to murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mulund police on Monday arrested a 19-year-old BSc (IT) student and his two accomplices for allegedly killing a youth who reportedly abused them after a cricket ball hit him.The victim, Ramdas Bagade (22), son of a constable and a college dropout, died of injuries to his kidney and liver, the postmortem report said. The accused had reportedly punched and kicked Bagade.Police said the incident occurred between 4.30-5pm on Sunday at Baba Padamsingh Maidan on Devi Dayal road in Mulund (West). The three accused pounced on Bagade after an exchange of words when the cricket ball hit Bagade who was consuming alcohol along with three friends-Dilip Dhindle, Subhas Sanap and Sandeep Gondke. \"Bagade abused the accused Vijay Dalande and his two accomplices-Alpesh Podar (19) and Sameer Sakpal (21)-in an inebriated condition,\" senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav told TOI on Monday.Bagade's colleague Gondke said, \"We were partying on a platform built on one side of the ground when the incident took place. We tried to stop the three while they were assaulting and beating the victim, but they did not listen to us.\" \"After some time, when he collapsed on the ground, they fled the scene.''\"The victim's father, Vishwanath Bagade, said in his statement that they learned about the incident when their son's friends informed Ramdas's mother that he was lying unconscious on the ground after being hit by three youths over a petty issue,\" the investigators said. \"The friends continued to drink and an hour later when they again tried to wake up Bagade, they found that he was not responding. They then informed the family who rushed to the ground and took him to Fortis hospital where he was declared dead on arrival,\" one of the investigators said.Both the victim and the accused are from middle-class families and reside in a Mulund locality. \"Through Gondke we got a description of the accused. We looked for them the entire night and found that the three had not returned to their homes,\" said the police. The accused were arrested in less than 12 hours and booked for murder. Additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid formed two teams under Mulund police senior inspector Jadhav, who supervised the team led by inspector Pandurang Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11431812", "title": "Poll contenders invent ways to bypass code", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to bypass the moral code of conduct, poll candidates are brainstorming for ways to publicize themselves. Barely a stone's throw away from his office, an SP candidate has decided to promote himself through a hoarding inviting residents for a Mata Jagran. Similarly, a BSP candidate has put his details on a hoarding speaking about developments works in the district.The district administration has, however, decided to crackdown on such surrogate publicity measures. Speaking to TOI, ADM Sarvjeet Ram said the administration will not register an FIR but submit a report with the returning officer against such candidates violating the code of conduct. \"In such cases, the candidate's ticket could also be cancelled,' Ram said.Clarifying his stand, SP candidate Sunil Chowdhary said that his photo on the Jagran hoarding was there because he was the chief guest at the function organized by local residents. \"The hoarding was installed nearly six months back and was a non-political programme. Neither was my party's election symbol used nor any message from my party was published on the hoarding.\"Another violation of the code of conduct is seen in sector 8 where a hoarding publicizes a ruling party candidate. Speaking to TOI, ADM (E) Saravjeet Ram said that no hoarding can be installed without permission and so far the district administration has not received any such application. \"So far, the administration has taken action against six politicians and FIRs have been registered against them,\" Ram added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11433333", "title": "Cong leading in Karbi council poll results", "text": "GUWAHATI: Congress is leading the election to the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC). Out of the total 26 constituencies under the KAAC, results of 23 seats were declared till 8 pm on Monday, reflecting Congress was once again on the driver's seat.Of the 23 seats' results declared, Congress has already won 13 seats, followed by People's Alliance for Peace Agreement (PAPA), which has won eight seats. Two seats went to Independent candidates this time. The magic number to win the council elections is 14 seats.In the midst of violence, the hill district went to polls on January 4. Altogether, 128 candidates were in the fray for the 26 seats. The hill district, which has some 5.84 lakh voters, has recorded a voter turnout of around 55% in this election.This was the first council election after the United People's Democratic Solidarity (UPDS) signed a peace agreement with Delhi last month. Many UPDS leaders like Kangjang Terang, Horen Sing Bey and Surya Rongfar who were backed by PAPA also contested the polls and won it. This was the first KAAC election conducted by the state election commission instead of the hills area development body, which used to organize the election earlier. The next poll, which will be held after five years, will see a fight for 44 seats instead of the present 26 seats.Congress CEM Joyram Engleng, who won the Duar-Amla constituency against Pator Phangcho, backed by PAPA, said, \"The Congress will once aging retain power. Though all the results are yet to come out, we believe Congress will surely win the majority.\"Earlier, district Congress president Sum Ronghang claimed that the Congress would win 18 seats this time. However, the district president could not save his own seat and he lost it to Kangjang Terang, who was backed by PAPA.State health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, who is also the election observer for the hill district said, \"The results are positive. Congress is going to form the council this time as well. However, the fall of our many leaders is something we need to ponder on. The party will scrutinize the matter strictly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11429190", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Tamil Nadu's batting biggest hurdle for Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The action in Australia might be unexciting, but back home things are just hotting up. Four of the best teams in the country's premier domestic championship, the Ranji Trophy, will clash in the semifinals from Tuesday.While defending champs Rajasthan play Haryana at Lahli, it's the game at the Wankhede that would attract the most attention, particularly for those who follow domestic cricket passionately.In what can be termed as a clash of two traditional domestic cricket powerhouses, a resilient Mumbai, who have missed their top players all season due to national commitments, fitness issues or controversy, take on old foes Tamil Nadu, a unit full of India discards who are eager as eagle to make a comeback.It promises to be an absolute cracker, and the team which comes through this one should fancy itself as the favourite going into the final.\"They've a batting line-up in which all the top order batsmen have played for India. They're a good side. Apart from Balaji they have a good crop of young bowlers too. It will be a tough game,\" said Mumbai skipper Wasim Jaffer on match eve.\"Playing against Mumbai always provides a big challenge, and we have had some very good contests over the years. Both teams' players play with their mind and their hearts when we meet each other. We have an experienced batting line-up and will try to play to our potential,\" felt his Tamil Nadu counterpart Laxmipathy Balaji.It is a contest which pits the best batting line-ups in the land against each other, and involves an English umpire, Peter Hartley , who will stand in this game and the final as part of an exchange programme between the English Cricket Board and the BCCI .While Mumbai's hopes with the willow have received a big shot in the arm with the return of their top run-getter this season, all-rounder Abhishek Nayar who missed the last two games due to a thumb injury, it is the emergence of a few talented youngsters that has been the real revelation this season.With Jaffer not at his best, stroking just one hundred so far this time, it's been the likes of Suryakumar Yadav and Kaustabh Pawar, besides Nayar, who ensured that Mumbai didn't miss big guns like Rohit Sharma and Ajinkya Rahane too much.Tamil Nadu's muscle with the willow lies in their 'fab four' at the top - starting with a set of openers that was on India duty not too long ago. Abhinav Mukund was sidelined after playing five Tests for India, and the 21-year-old has been breathing fire with the willow since then. This season Mukund, who had hit hundreds on his Ranji and Irani debuts and has a triple hundred against his name, has rustled up 825 runs at a Bradmanisque 103.12 in seven games.Giving him company is Murali Vijay. At No. 3 is S Badrinath. This man scored 250 the last time TN came down to this city, a couple of years ago at the BKC. The fourth 'dangerman' is wicketkeeper/bat Dinesh Karthik.Thankfully, the track at the Wankhede promises to be sporting, which means it shouldn't be a farce where one team's batting failure decides the game. TN have a cluster of stars who sparkled for a while, while Mumbai's stars are on the rise. Who will shine the brightest this week?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11435113", "title": "Kunal Karan Kapoor is sad!", "text": "Though television actor Kunal Karan Kapoor has a new show, he shares what is making him sad nowTelevision actor Kunal Karan Kapoor who was last seen in Zaara-Pyaar Ki Saugat, Yess Boss, Remix, Left Right Left, Rishto Se Badi Pratha, is back on small screen. His negative character in Star Plus's Maan Ki Awaaz Pratigya got him lot of fame and name. He was on a break for a year and will now be seen as Mohan in Colors' Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha which is produced by Sudhir Sharma As we talk to him about his character, Kunal says, \"\"Mohan is a crime reporter, however, he is carefree but does get messy at times.\"\"Kunal is on cloud nine, not just for his show but because he got to share the stage with Sanjay Dutt on the Bigg Boss finale. But he is sad too as he didn't get a jaadu ki jappi by Sanjay. He shares, \"\"It was a great feeling. The response to the promos of my show has been good. I also got to meet Sanjay Dutt whose films I like to watch, especially the Munnabhai series.\"\" He further adds, \"\"The only thing I missed on stage was that I didn't get the jaadu ki jhappi from Sanjay Dutt. I wish I would have.\"\"Well Kunal there always a next time!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430552", "title": "MBMC fire chief in spot for bars without safety plans", "text": "MUMBAI: The chief fire officer of the Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) has been issued a show-cause notice by the municipal commissioner to explain how bars and lodges in the region are functioning without obtaining the necessary fire safety sanctions.Information obtained under the Right To Information Act by Santosh Kumar Tiwari revealed that none of the bars and lodges doing roaring business in the Mira-Bhayander region had adhered to the fire safety measures as prescribed under the Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measure Act.Of the 157 bars and lodges in the region, only Galaxy hotel on Ghodbunder Road had obtained the fire sanctions. The remaining 156 bars and lodges do not have fire safety clearances. No safety and rescue measures are in place in case of a fire.Municipal commissioner Vikram Kumar in a show-cause notice to in-charge CFO Classo Fernandes has to asked him to explain why action has not been taken against the bars and lodges. The bars and lodges have carried out illegal extensions and have constructed hidden chambers for bar girls and customers to hide in case of a police raid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11431058", "title": "Poll cash trail: Noida cries foul", "text": "NOIDA: The administration's recent steps to seize \"unaccounted for cash\" to curb the misuse of money in the UP assembly polls has evoked sharp reactions from residents, entrepreneurs and industrialists who claim that the police is misusing the power to harass them.On Monday, Devendra Malik, a Noida-based petrol pump owner, accused the Noida police of raiding his business premises in sector 63 and \"robbing\" him off Rs 7 lakh. Malik alleged that while he was getting ready to take collections of the previous night to deposit in the bank, a police constable came to his office and told him that since the money was beyond the permissible limit, an entry must be made in the nearby sector 58 police station. \"I went to the police station and showed my ID and the current account cash slip to the SHO Baljeet Singh, yet the money was confiscated,\" Malik alleged.While senior cops denied knowledge of the incident and \"ordered an investigation,\" the administration has informed Malik that his money would be returned by night.\"There are many industries in Noida and a huge volume of cash is required even for routine transactions. Besides, till the 10th of each month, a lot of cash is kept for paying salaries to workers. But businessmen are becoming wary of carrying cash for routine transactions fearing that it may be confiscated,\" said Vipin Malhan of Noida Entrepreneurs' Association.\"The police should seize cash only when it is confirmed that the money is meant to be used in elections, rather than harassing people unnecessarily. Even when we have all the papers to prove that the money is not being misused, the police do not listen to us,\" said Rupesh, who was detained by the police in a similar incident last week.The district administration and the police, however, denied all allegations stating that they are only \"ensuring fair polls.\" \"The IT department has categorically stated that any unaccounted for money will be seized if there is not documentary proof given by the holder,\" said DM Hirdesh Kumar. \"Besides, to ensure fair means, all such incidents must be videographed,\" he added.\"Besides, officials no not keep the cash. All seized cash is given to the IT department which then investigates its source and use. After verifying the owner's claims, the cash is returned,\" Hirdesh Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430885", "title": "Wah wah! Ustad makes beauty everyone's cup of tea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The star power of Joshua Bell , an American violinist, in Western Classical circles is equivalent to Shah Rukh Khan's in Bollywood.The respect accorded to Bell's work corresponds to the acclaim brought by a clutch of Nobel Prizes. In one of his most famous performances - conveyed through his $3.5 million violin - he included 'Chaconne' by Johann Sebastian Bach . Bell has described the work as \"...one of the greatest achievements of any man in history.\"Yet, that show drew only a handful of spectators and earned him less than $40. The performance was actually a test of public taste carried out by a US newspaper in 2007. The paper had camouflaged Bell's celebrity with clothes of decent commonness and made him play at a metro station. The experiment showed that without cultural props like a concert hall and hype, classical treasures are not appreciated by many.A lesson from the episode is that classical beauty can often be dauntingly complex, unless a great master tenderly teaches people to cherish it. Hindustani music is like the quest for salvation - it cannot be achieved without a generous guru. And on Day 8 of the Saptak Music Festival, Sunday, Ustad Zakir Hussain assumed the role of such a guru.The ustad's fingers became a blur of light over his tablas when he established that speeding traffic can hold alluring rhythms. The same fingers slowed to meditative slowness - as if handling a rosary - when he captured the revolution of planets. In short, the ustad handed over to aspiring rasikas the key to the citadel of Indian classical music: laya is the beat of life. On Day 6, Kathak god Pandit Birju Maharaj had enunciated the same mantra.As for the ustad, he held forth on several prominent classical laya structures including Delhi and Punjab 'qaidas' (codes). Indeed, he calibrated his discourse on Sunday to educate audience members of all discernment levels.The venue - Amrut Mody School of Management - was asphyxiated with crowds because celebrity-worshippers had turned up in hordes. A clatter of discord occurred after the programme when fans and members of the media sought a moment with the ustad. Saptak attendees are rarely shoved around; Sunday was one of those rare occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11431503", "title": "Fire in house, all goods destroyed", "text": "PANCHKULA: Goods worth lakhs of rupees were gutted in a fire that broke in a Sector 26 house due to short-circuiting on Monday. \"Around 8.30am when I along with my family members left for Anandpur Sahib. After sometime, I got a call from my brother living on the ground floor that smoke was coming out of my house on first floor,\" said Suraj Nanadal. He added that he then he rushed and made a call to the fire brigade office for help. Till the time fire brigade officials could reach the spot, all goods were destroyed. Apart from household goods jewellery and cash worth lakhs were destroyed. Important documents including education certificates, passport and Nanadal's visa for Dubai were also destroyed in fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430452", "title": "Medical check-up camp", "text": "MUMBAI: The Rotary Club of Mumbai, Ghatkopar, is organizing a 'Mega Medical Check-Up and Awareness Camp' in association with the K G Somaiya Trust from January 10 to January 25 at its campus in Vidyavihar (E).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430391", "title": "BJP suffers blow with yet another defection", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra BJP suffered a setback with senior functionary and legislator Prakash Shendge quitting as general secretary of the state party unit. A close Gopinath Munde acolyte, Shendge may be on his way to the Congress, and BJP bigwigs have pulled out all stops to placate the rebel, it is learnt.\"I have resigned as general secretary of the state BJP as I was being ignored by the party leadership,\" said Shendge. \"I tried to talk to BJP seniors. I told (state BJP chief) Sudhirbhau Mungantiwar that I am being ignored by the party. However, nothing happened.\"Shendge tendered his resignation as general secretary on December 23. \"However, no one took cognizance of my resignation letter. There was no word from the party, asking me to come for talks. I think I did the right thing by quitting,'' he said. When asked if he would be joining the Congress, Shendge said, \"As of now, there is no concrete proposal from the Congress. I have been told that senior Congress leaders would be pleased to have me in the party, but as yet there have been no formal or informal talks with the party.\"Last week, the Mumbai BJP had suffered a blow when one of its senior corporators, Pravin Chheda from Ghatkopar, a BJP bastion, defected to Congress, citing reasons similar to Shendge's. In a tit for tat, the BJP won over Suresh Golatkar, a Congress corporator, also from Ghatkopar.Now, the Congress may have Shendge as its prized catch, say political observers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11434597", "title": "Opponents attack Jagan Reddy ahead of fast at Nizamabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: TRS, the Telangana political Joint Action Committee (JAC) and Congress leaders from the region on Tuesday voiced stiff opposition to Kadapa MP Y S Jagan Mohan Reddy's fast to be held at Nizamabad district tomorrow.\"Jagan has an anti-Telangana attitude. He never spoke in support of Telangana. He has tried to evade a clear stance on the separate statehood demand (by saying that the decision on it has to be taken by Centre). All Congress activists in Telangana should oppose his visit,\" Congress Lok Sabha member from Karimnagar Ponnam Prabhakar told reporters.Jagan is scheduled to hold a 48-hour fast at Armoor in Nizamabad district over farmers' problems. The JAC alleged that Jagan's visit to Nizamabad district in Telangana region is only a manifestation of the \"domination of coastal Andhra\" over Telangana.\"We seek a clear stand on Telangana. No one should come here without a clear stance on the separate statehood issue. No political yatra should be undertaken in Telangana (without endorsing separate statehood demand),\" JAC convener M Kodandaram said.Maintaining that Jagan has proved himself to be against Telangana, TRS MLA and party president K Chandrasekhar Rao's son K T Rama Rao said the YSR Congress leader is bound to face opposition.Asserting that it respected the sentiments of Telangana people, the YSR Congress, however, says that it is for the Centre to take a decision on the issue.The TRS and JAC have earlier opposed the visits of TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu to Warangal district in Telangana because of his allegedly ambivalent stance on the statehood issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430919", "title": "Poachers killed the 64 flamingos in several hunting incidents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The nine persons arrested for flamingo poaching are habitual offenders. Investigations by forest officials have revealed that the accused had resorted to poaching on more than one occasion. \"The accused have confessed that the 64 lesser flamingos that they had killed, were hunted down in three-four separate incidents,\" said forest officials.The forest department officials said that the crime scene was reconstructed on Sunday where the accused showed the forest department how they poached the birds. However, the accused did maintain that they had used the meat for their own consumption during celebrations after the Panchayat elections.Officials said that during the investigation it was revealed that while they waited at the nearby farm, they had even cooked the meat of the flamingos and had consumed it. Official said big nets were spread near the sea and once the birds were trapped they were killed with the help of knives. The beak and legs along with wings were left behind in the area, while the torso along with bones was taken away.Meanwhile on Monday, it was an action packed day for forest officials. The Morbi court on that day rejected the bail application of all the nine accused arrested in a poaching of 64 lesser flamingos from Venasar village in Maliya-Miyana Taluka.The department on the same day also moved an application for the lie detection test for all accused. After hearing the arguments of the department, the court has decided to take up the hearing on the application on Friday. The accused were produced later in the day and further remand was sought, but the court rejected the application and sent all the nine accused to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430473", "title": "CM rises above politics to keep Bengal in business", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee the Trinamool Congress chief took a back seat on Monday to let Mamata Banerjee the chief minister take centrestage and, while her lieutenants hit the streets against Congress, she herself brushed off petty politics to focus on her top priority - bring development and big business to Bengal.So, as her Cabinet juniors notched up the attack on the coalition partner at a rally on Mayo Road, Mamata launched a charm offensive on business leaders a few kilometres away at the Milon Mela Grounds, where she inaugurated her government's first major industry event. The chief minister drew the line between political leader and administrator even as the Congress high command in New Delhi hinted that it was keen on keeping the alliance with Trinamool Congress, both at the Centre and the state.Promising industrialists, some of whom had flown in from other cities and abroad to hear the chief minister's business pitch, Mamata assured an initially non-reactive audience that her government was not against industry. \"If anyone wants to set up industry in Bengal, all you need to do is send us a proposal. Land ceiling won't be a problem. I have already constituted a committee on industry and infrastructure that will examine a proposal and give clearance in seven days. The government has already cleared seven such proposals,\" she said.Sensing the sentiments of Marwari businessmen, some of whom feel let down by the way non-executive directors of the AMRI Hospitals have been put in custody after the fire on December 9, the chief minister tried to cheer them up. \"Let us not talk about individuals. A murder is a murder. The government is all for industry,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431481", "title": "Accused to be booked for vehicle-lifting", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two of the three accused in Dr Deepak Kaura murder case will also face criminal proceedings in a vehicle theft case in Chandigarh. Crime branch of Mohali district police has sent a communication to Chandigarh police for initiating legal proceedings against Deepak Sharma and his associate junior engineer (JE) Vishal Vij.Sharma is the husband of prime accused Honey Sharma. Crime branch sleuths recovered a stolen Kinetic Honda of PGI clerk, Surekha Sharma, and from the possession of both the accused and the two-wheeler was stolen from PGI in October 2010.Crime branch Inspector Gurcharan Singh said during the course of investigation, Surekha Sharma had handed over a copy of FIR of her stolen two-wheeler to police. He said accused stole the two-wheeler along with documents including identity card of Sharma and obtained a SIM card on her name and it was being used by Honey Sharma.Sources said the vehicle theft case was registered following the complaint of Sharma at police station Sector 11. Deepak, his wife Honey, and Vishal were arrested for murder of Dr Kaura on December 30. Notably, two other stolen vehicles, which were lifted from Zirakpur and Derabassi area, were also recovered from the possession of both the accused.SHO of PS-11, Inspector Gurmukh Singh, said production warrants against accused Deepak and JE Vishal would be applied in the Mohali district courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11431293", "title": "'Desperation to get a donor makes people fall prey to kidney rackets'", "text": "LUCKNOW: A senior professor at SGPGIMS, Dr Amit Gupta, feels that sheer desperation to get kidney donors makes people like Maurya exploit innocent persons.Statistics cited by him corroborate his observation. Around 15 out of 20 patients reporting at PGI's nephrology out patient department daily need transplant. The number spirals to 90 per week, 300 for a month and over 3,500 for a year.But these are just a handful of the two lakh new patients who are registered at various centres across India with end stage kidney diseases (ESKDs). Against the high demand, less than 6,000 patients get a transplant. \"Finding a donor is a big issue. And sometimes convincing potential donors is a bigger challenge,\" said Dr Gupta. SGPGI has been conducting renal transplants since July 1989. On an average, it conducts 100 transplants each year with a success rate of graft survival of 95% in first year, 80% in the fifth year and 50% in the tenth year. The cost of procedure is significantly lesser than that in the private sector but the waiting list is longer than the patience limit of the people. Thus, finding a 'person in need' was not difficult for people like Mehboob Ali.Director and head of nephrology department, Dr R K Sharma said that the kidney racket also highlights the need to prevent kidney diseases. \"Lifestyle is taking toll of the kidneys. Diabetes and hypertension - which are a fallout of sedentary lifestyle - kill the kidney silently. One in three diabetics and one in five persons suffering from hypertension eventually develop renal ailments,\" he said. Figures show that more than 40% of the advance renal failure cases seen at the institute are due to diabetes while another 30 % suffer as a fallout of high blood pressure.When a person's blood pressure is high, the kidney gets stressed. The impact seeps into the fine network of blood vessels housed inside the kidney responsible for process of filtration. Repeated episodes either harden the blood vessels or burst them. Any of the two reactions affects kidney's functioning. In case of diabetes, high sugar levels in blood stream cause leakages in the blood vessels. Experts say that kidney diseases would continue to rise considering the increasing number of diabetics. This underscores the need for a healthy living and eating to keep lifestyle diseases like hypertension and diabetes at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433290", "title": "Katrina Kaif to romance Rajinikanth", "text": "Katrina Kaif has bagged the coveted role opposite southern legend Rajinikanth in Kochadaiyaan, being directed by none other than his daughter, Soundarya.\"It's true. We were very keen on Katrina. Two superstars together from the South and the North would create magic,\" a very important member of the film's production team revealed to Mumbai Mirror. \"We've been negotiating with her for some time. She is shooting for Yash Chopra , and has assured us of her dates in the next few months.\"When contacted, Soundarya confirmed the developments, saying, \"Yes, we are indeed in talks with Katrina and we will let you know soon.\"Katrina, who is busy shooting two back-to-back Yash Raj films - Ek Tha Tiger with Salman Khan , and an untitled one with Shah Rukh Khan - will accommodate Rajinikanth's dates in between her tight schedule. All other portions of the film have been shot, and only the ones with Katrina remain. Her dates will be worked out soon, and the film will then be complete, the member said.\"In Kochadaiyaan, Rajinikanth plays a king, a devotee of Lord Shiva. His love story with Katrina, their songs, will be shot on an epic scale,\" disclosed a very reliable source. A R Rahman, who is known to take his time over scores, has recorded most of the music, including the love song to be filmed on Rajinikanth and Katrina. \"Rahman is bringing 130 musicians from Germany to record the background score,\" the source further revealed.As for Katrina, it will be tough but she really wanted to work with Rajinikanth for the longest possible time, according to a friend.The first look of Kochadaiyaan, which literally means, \"the king with long hair\", will be unveiled in the third week of January. Of course, Rajinikanth will sport long flowing tresses for the part... even if it means donning a wig...All about Kochadaiyaan\u00bb With Rana being postponed due to his illness, Rajini decided to take on his daughter's venture first\u00bb On November 23, 2011, Soundarya posted on her Twitter account : \"Look out for an official announcement very soon\". And the very next day, she announced her father's next film was Kochadaiyaan. She said:\"Grateful and excited to be directing father\"\u00bb Anushka Shetty was approached to play the female lead. But an official statement said that the actress was not a part of the venture\u00bb Sneha was reported to be finalised for a supporting role in the film\u00bb It was rumoured that Asin and Vidya Balan were being considered for the female lead\u00bb The film is expected to be shot with the kind of technology used in Avatar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11432931", "title": "Girl commits suicide at Cuttack college", "text": "CUTTACK: A pall of gloom hung over the Sailabala Women's College campus here after a student allegedly committed suicide by jumping from the hostel building on Monday. Police recovered the body of Syamsidhha Sahoo, a B.Sc first year student, from the backyard of the hostel around 8.30 am.Police said prima facie it seems the girl committed suicide by jumping from the third floor of the hostel building but they are yet to ascertain the reason behind it. \"It seems like a clear case of suicide. We have found some letters from her belongings that cite that she was having a love affair. We are investigating the matter thoroughly,\" a police official of Lalbagh police station said.But the deceased's father refused to buy the police theory and have alleged foul play behind the incident. \"My daughter cannot commit suicide. She was a meritorious student and was very brave too. I suspect foul play in my daughter's death,\" said Hrudanand Sahoo, father of the deceased. Syamsiddha hailed from Jeypore.On the other hand, college authorities have claimed that it might be an accidental death. \"Syamsiddha was a very nice girl and good at studies. We feel she might have accidentally fallen off the hostel building,\" said Roshanara Begum, superintendent of the hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431119", "title": "Notice to CBI on Unitech MD\u2019s plea for dropping charges against him", "text": "New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Monday issued notice to the CBI on a plea by Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra for quashing charges framed against him by the agency in the 2G case.Justice M L Mehta asked the CBI to file its response by March 13 after Chandra argued that the special CBI judge had framed charges against him \"in a casual and perfunctory manner and without due application of judicial mind\".\"There was no evidence to show that the petitioner (Chandra) had in any manner conspired with any public servant to cause wrongful gain to himself or wrongful loss to the government of India,\" he argued through his counsel.The petition said there was no evidence that he or his company had paid any bribe for securing the Unified Access Services Licences (UASL) and this distinguishes his case from the rest of the accused.\"Despite this admission of the respondent (CBI), the trial court wrongly linked the bribery allegation and the Unitech Wireless Companies in its order on charge. \"In the light of this categorical admission by the respondent (CBI), the petitioners case is no different from that of any of the non-prosecuted persons/companies who were granted LOIs in January 2008 or licences up to March 2007 and subsequently issued licences, or which were granted licences up to March 2007 at the entry fee determined in 2001,\" Chandra argued. He said the order of the trial court is not maintainable as the entire case of CBI has failed to apportion any criminality against him.Chandra, who is currently out on bail, was on April 2, 2010, charged by the CBI along with former telecom communications minister A Raja's the then personal secretary R.K. Chandolia, ex-telecom secretary Siddhartha Behura and Swan Telecom's Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka. The trial court had framed charges against him under various provisions of the IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act also dealing with criminal conspiracy, cheating, and forgery.It said he cheated the Department of Telecommunication, despite the fact that eight of the group firms were not eligible for the licences on the date of application.The trial court had observed that it prima facie appeared that Unitech Wireless (Tamil Nadu) Pvt Ltd was ineligible for 2G licences and by offloading shares immediately after getting the licences, it bagged huge ill-gotten profits.The court had discussed the profits earned by Unitech Wireless even though it did not have telecom as its business objective in the Memorandum of Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11431198", "title": "Man seeks collector's help to trace wife", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four months after his wife left home with gold ornaments worth 15 sovereigns and Rs five lakh in cash, 28-year-old P Karupasamy of Annur met District Collector M Karunagaran on Monday along with his two children and sought his help to win back his missing wife.Karupasamy's wife has been missing since September 10. He told the collector that he had reasons to believe that his wife Baby eloped with Saravanan of Poochiur in Thondamuthur. \"She loved me a lot and cared for the children. It was the black magic performed by Saravanan's soothsayer mother that forced her to elope with her lover,'' he said and demanded action against the soothsayer and her son. The man is hiding Baby, says Karupasamy.\"After all efforts to find her were in vain, I decided to file a missing complaint and attempted to register a case with the Annur Police station. Instead of registering the first information report, the police abused me and ordered me to go home,'' he alleged. He said that he had gone to Saravanan's house recently, but he was attacked by him along with his mother and sister. He also alleged that the family filed a false case against him at the Thondamuthur police station stating that he had attacked Saravanan's sister. He has now taken anticipatory bail.He appealed to the collector to take necessary action to quash the case against him and help him find his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11433901", "title": "Relocation of elephants doesn\u2019t help, says expert", "text": "MYSORE: The rising encounters of man and wild elephants on the forest fringes has celebrated wildlife activist Krupakar worried. He has suggested that behavioral scientists should be put on the job to find out a viable solution.The noted wildlife photographer of the famed Krupakar-Senani duo, who have won the prestigious Green Oscar award for their film `The Pack on Asiatic dogs' or dhol, said relocation of the wild elephants that are entering human habitation will not help either. \"There is a need for a long-term scientific study to analyze behaviour of the jumbos. They are under severe stress too. Elephant expert Ajay Desai, who has 20 years experience in the field, is the best man for the job,\" says Krupakar.``It is strange but true that there are no serious studies on wild elephants for some 15 years now. First, we should understand scientifically as to why are they behaving like this? The elephants in Bannerghatta National Park are not uncommon to human presence given that they have almost lost their habitat unlike in Bandipur and Nagarhole national parks. The elephants at Bannerghatta are under also stress. This should be studied in-depth,'' he told The Times of India. Desai, who is co-chair of Project Elephant, has knowledge about the elephant behaviour and the geography, he said.Taking the case of tiger reserve of Bandipur spread over 874 sq kms, Krupakar said it is too less for the animals. Owing to livestock interference, the herbivorous are facing crisis too. The growing elephant population in the tiger reserve depends on forested areas in its fringes and territorial forest at times depending upon the season. There is urgent need to protect this forested area and notify them. The fringe forests are shrinking adding pressure to the core area, he explained.At Bannerghatta and Hassan, the elephant corridor are badly fragmented and there is little chance that it can be redone. The 26 elephants that are proposed to be relocated out of Alur taluk (Hassan) will not work either as they cannot be released in forests far away from their present location. There is also degradation of forest, which, he said, is impacting the vegetation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429808", "title": "Water cuts in city on Thursday", "text": "PUNE: The entire city will face water cuts on Thursday due to maintenance of civic water works and interrupted electricity supply at pumping stations. Water supply will resume at low pressure on Friday.The day-long water cuts are likely to inconvenience citizens in various parts of the city and the Pune Municipal Corporation water supply department has urged citizens to cooperate with the ward offices. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11432599", "title": "4000 turtles seized, two arrested", "text": "KANPUR: Around 4,000 turtles were seized from a truck at Jalaun crossing under Kotwali police station in Auraiyya district on Monday. Two persons were arrested.The turtles stuffed in 68 sacks, some in critical condition, were found loaded on truck No: UP-17-C-4349, belonging to Shiv Pratap Rathore of Civil Lines in Etawah. The vehicle was its way to West Bengal.The truck was intercepted by a police team during the vehicles checking drive near Jalaun crossing.The turtles worth around Rs 20 lakh, were meant to be exported to countries like Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore from West Bengal.The arrested persons were identified as Nunu Kudu and Devdas, natives of West Bengal, besides the driver and cleaner of the truck.SP, Etawah, Abdul Hameed said that truck was spotted during the early hours of Monday. More than 4,000 sacks were seized. An investigation into the matter is going on.There was one more person identified as Guddu , who was travelling in a four-wheeler, ahead of the truck. He managed to escape.Wildlife experts said that the consignments also reach north east of country, including Assam via train. From there, the turtles are smuggled to countries like Thailand and Malaysia through sea route.Narendra Verma, Auraiyya forest ranger Narendra Verma said that the turtles were brought from villages surrounding Bharthana area and loaded in a truck near Bakewar. \"As of now we are waiting for court order and most probably, seized turtles would be released into the natural habitat on Tuesday,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430688", "title": "Cycle rally to create awareness on passenger safety", "text": "CHENNAI: A bicycle rally from Chennai to Arakonam by scouts and guides was flagged off by divisional railway manager S Anantharaman at Chennai Central railway station on Monday. The rally was being organized as part of an ongoing campaign to create awareness on passenger safety at level crossings and railway stations.The 40 Scouts and Guides cadets will pedal to Arakonam. Anantharaman said the campaign was being conducted because several people put their lives at risk by crossing railway track at stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430622", "title": "Flyer from Kuala Lumpur held with 650 fake debit, credit cards", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai airport customs arrested a passenger from Kuala Lumpur on Monday for carrying fake credit cards and debit cards. The passenger arrived at the airport by an Air India Express flight.A senior customs official said the passenger, Andiyappan Muruganantham, was arrested and handed over to the crime branch police. \"He was carrying about 650 fake credit and debit cards. The passenger had no documents supporting that they were his. He hadn't declared it while travelling,\" said the official. \"As there are large number of card forgeries being reported, we have handed over the case to the state police,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430344", "title": "Sub-inspector caught taking bribe", "text": "HYDERABAD: A sub-inspector of Cyberabad was caught red-handed on Monday night by Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths while he was accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000 to remove the name of an accused from a chargesheet in a domestic harassment case and to amicably settle the matter between the two parties.The ACB personnel caught N Prakash Rao, SI of Medipally police station in Cyberabad commissionerate. On Monday night, ACB sleuths laid a trap at Grand Bakery near Chandrayangutta crossroads and arrested the SI while he was taking the bribe from the complainant, Nagendra Prasad. According to ACB joint director M Ramesh, the SI had demanded the bribe to remove the complainant's brother Madhusudhan's name from the chargesheet filed in a domestic harassment case under section 498-A of the IPC.In addition to removing certain names from the list of the accused, the SI also promised to settle the case amicably between the two families for Rs 10,000.However, the complainant chose to approach the ACB and, based on his complaint, police laid a trap and caught the accused red-handed.The tainted currency was recovered from the SI's possession and the chemical test conducted on his fingers yielded positive results. He was arrested under the Prevention of Corruption Act. He would be produced before court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429623", "title": "Did leak about action led to forest firing?", "text": "NAGPUR: Two days after cat and mouse game between fishermen and foresters in Totladoh reservoir in Pench tiger reserve turned ugly leading to firing upon fishermen, the forest officials lodged a formal complaint against the illegal entrants.The forest officials are investigating possible moles in the department who may have leaked proposed offensive against illegal fishing in Totladoh. The officials from Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh forest department had planned a major operation against illegal fishermen in Pench on Monday by mobilising over 250 field staffers.They suspect the word about the offensive was leaked to fishermen and that made them more militant and better prepared when foresters accosted them in the reservoir. On January 6, PCCF (wildlife) had written to chief conservator (CCF) &amp; field director A Ashraf to stay put at Pench and check illegal fishing.Forest officials said a team of 12 forest staffers were patrolling Pench waters near Tumdimetta on Saturday when they were attacked by over 40 fishermen indicating they were already prepared to take on the forest staff.\"We are investigating all angles. We didn't expect a counter attack from fishermen but it seems they were prepared. After seeing one boat, we asked the fishermen to stop but instead they hurled stones at our staff,\" said Ashraf.He added that primary offence report (POR) has been filed against the accused. Besides, a police complaint has also been filed with superintendent of police (rural) M K Sharma on Monday evening. The complaint states that offences should be registered against fishermen under Section 154 of IPC for obstructing and attacking government employees from doing their duty.A similar complaint was to be filed with Deolapar police station. However, Deolapar PSO said no such complaint has been filed until late Monday evening. On delay in filing the complaint, Ashraf said it could not be registered the same day due to tension as villagers had gheraoed the police station.\"We had sent ACF Uttam Sawant on a two-wheeler to file a complaint but he returned,\" Ashraf said. At present, no FIR has been filed as a GR issued in 2006 states that in case weapons are used to handle such situations, an FIR cannot be filed unless an executive magistrate conducts an inquiry. The inquiry will be conducted by Ramtek sub-divisional officer (SDO) Girish Joshi and report will be submitted to district collector Saurabh Rao.Sources fear that firing may deter illegal fishing for a couple of months but it will flare up again as powerful interests are behind the activity and they use poor fishermen as cover. The department sources said they planned a major offensive taking collector and police department into confidence.Meanwhile, a battalion of SRPF personnel has joined the forest staff for patrolling in Pench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431482", "title": "CVC in favour of CBI probe into Haryana forest scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission has advised the Union environment and forests ministry to ask the Haryana government to file an FIR in the multicrore forest scam and transfer the case to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).The CVC wrote to the ministry after the CBI analysed the case and said it was fit to be investigated independently by the agency. The investigating agency had noted that it required the state government to file an FIR and transfer the case to CBI, besides the Centre too entrusting the agency with the probe.A two-member committee of the environment ministry had earlier uncovered large-scale embezzlement of central government funds and violation of Supreme Court orders in Haryana. It had identified senior state officials, including some in the chief minister's office, and a state minister for trying to hush up the case and instead persecuting the whistleblower forest official Sanjiv Chaturvedi.The committee showed the lengths to which the Haryana authorities went to harass the IFS official. \"All the powers available with the vested interests in the state government, including suspension, issuing chargesheet and keeping it pending for more than three years, frequent transfers, slapping false cases etc were applied on the officer,\" the committee had said.The environment ministry had got the false chargesheet against the officer quashed, sought his transfer to Delhi on deputation and initially asked the state government to take action on the its two-member committee's report.The state government, which had transferred the whistleblower a dozen times and hoisted false charges on him, had trashed the report. It had also blamed central government officials of acting with malafide intention and Chaturvedi of using the media and other officials to protect his wrongdoings.Even on the issue of sending Chaturvedi to the central government on deputation, the state under the instructions of the chief minister, reiterated the charges against central government officials as well as the whistleblower officer.In the meantime, the CVC had asked CBI for its opinion on the case. The CBI got back to the CVC affirming that it was a fit case of corruption for investigation. The CVC wrote to the environment ministry in December recommending filing of FIR and transfer of the case to the central agency but the ministry is yet to act upon the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11430609", "title": "Adopted Indian girl targeted in US poll fight", "text": "WASHINGTON: Republican presidential hopeful Jon Huntsman is the target of a smear campaign through an online video over his two adopted daughters, one of them an Indian, the other Chinese. Hindu groups in the USA have strongly objected to the video.The YouTube video, titled \"Jon Huntsman's Values\", shows clips of Huntsman speaking Chinese. It seems to suggest that Huntsman is un-American. \"Weak on China? Wonder why?\" the video asks, before showing a clip of Huntsman with Gracie Mei, his 12-year-old Chinese daughter. Asha Bharati, adopted from Gujarat in 2006, is also shown in the video.Huntsman, a former US ambassador to China, described the video as \"stupid.\" \"I have a second daughter who was born in India in a very rural village ... and left for dead the day she was born. Luckily she was picked up before the animals got her, and she was sent to an orphanage for her safety, was raised and now she is in my family,\" he said in New Hampshire on Friday.Huntsman, who also served as governor of Utah from 2005 to 2009, has seven children, of whom two are adopted.The Hindu American Foundation has strongly objected to the insinuations made in the video.A smear campaign through an online video on Republican presidential hopeful Jon Huntsman and his two adopted daughters has caused an uproar among the Hindu community in the US. Huntsman has adopted a Chinese and an Indian girl.\"This deplorable ad is blatantly racist and religiously intolerant, and crosses all lines of acceptable political discourse,\" said Suhag Shukla, the managing director and legal counsel of The Hindu American Foundation.\"Instead of vilifying governor Huntsman, he should be applauded for being open-minded enough to raise his adopted daughter as a Hindu,\" she said.\"To attack a candidate's family, particularly his young daughters, is completely unacceptable and should be denounced by all Americans,\" said Samir Kalra, director of the Hindu Foundation.The video, set to east Asian music, describes Huntsman as \"the Manchurian candidate\". In the novel of the same name, the son of a prominent US political family is brainwashed into being an assassin for China's Communist Party .The video, uploaded to YouTube by 'NHLiberty4Paul' urges viewers to Vote Ron Paul. Ronald Earnest Paul is a Texas Congressman and a rival candidate for the 2012 Republican Party presidential nomination.His New Hampshire spokeswoman, Kate Schackai, said she didn't know who was behind the ad, but it wasn't anyone affiliated with the campaign.\"The video was utterly distasteful and no one who actually supports Dr Paul's principles would have made it,\" she said.In 2000, Senator John McCain , whose adopted daughter, Bridget, is originally from Bangladesh , found himself the subject of a whisper campaign implying he had fathered a child outside his marriage.McCain eventually lost the Republican nomination to George W Bush . In 2010 Bush's long-time political adviser Karl Rove denied leading the \"whisper campaign\" against McCain.Tweets and YouTube comments Cindy McCain (John McCain's wife): I deeply resent the video made using the adopted daughters of@johnhuntsman. @ronpaul shame on you. This has shades of 2000 all over it.@PunditMom: That's a new political lowjasonc1469: Who doesn't know that this fake ad came right out of the Huntsman camp to draw negative attention to Ron Paul and positive attention to himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11430032", "title": "Assault charge against TMCP again", "text": "MALDA: After Raiganj, Gangarampore and Majdia, this time it is turn of Malda College. Centering the protest rally against the incident at Majdia College,Supporters of TMCP and SFI were was involved in a scuffle at Malda College on Monday when TMCP asked students to boycott classes. TMCP wanted to protest against SFI's assault at Majdia and ransacking of Raiganj College by Chhatra Parishad. for a boycott of classes to protest against SFI's assault . TMCP had called for a class boycott in protest to the SFI's assault at Majdia and Chhatra Parishad's ransack at Raiganj College.It is alleged that in the name of class boycott call,With a photo of Mamata Banerjee and a microphone in hand, TMCP supporters along with some outsiders allegedly forced students to leave their classes. A physics teacher, Akhilesh Yadav , was assaulted in the process and the laboratory ransacked. When SFI supporters protested, a scuffle broke out between TMCP and SFI. was have forcefully taken out the students from the class. Even a teacher was assaulted while the laboratory of the Physics was ransacked by the irate TMCP supporters. Police Super himself rushed the spot to control the situation. However,No complaint was lodged to police by the college authorities.From the students it was learnt that around 10.30 am when the classes were on, TMCP supporters with the photo of Mamata Banerjee and microphone entered the college. They asked the students to come out of the class. At that time about 40 students were attending the Physics laboratory under Prof Akhilesh Yadav. The TMCP supporters forced them to come out. Yadav was assaulted who rushed to inform this to Principal. SFI supporters when protested such forceful taking out, a scuffle broke out. The laboratory was damaged.SFI unit secretary Jakir Hossain said, \"Without any prior intimation the TMCP supporters barged into classrooms. They used a microphone within college campus which is totally illegal. When students refused to comply with their urge, they were heckled. Even teachers were not spared. Worse, the TMCP supporters attacked the geography and physics laboratories. We have requested the principal to restore the academic environment.\"However, principal Aniruddha Sengupta denied any assault on teachers or ransacking of the laboratory. He said, \"TMCP and SFI supporters were involved in a scuffle. I informed the police who came to control the situation.\" \" To the utter dismay of SFI Principal did not lodge any complaint to police. Neither did he agree the media to take snaps of laboratories.SFI leader Hossain said, \"The recent attack on the principal of Raiganj College Principal's complaint to police has scared our principal. \"TMCP leader Chhoton Singh, on the other hand, claimed, \"There was no incident of assault or ransack. The students responded spontaneously to our class boycott call.\"SP Jayanta Pal said, \"After getting the information, police came to the college and police picket is on there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11432722", "title": "Drunken driver injures three, arrested", "text": "RAJKOT: A man was arrested for drunken driving after he injured three persons on Sunday night. Police had to open fire to stop the accused from fleeing in his car.Police said, the accused Dinesh Babariya, in an inebriated condition, rammed his car into Jignesh Bhayani, wife Arti and son Nishit when they were taking an evening walk on Race Course Road.\"After injuring the victims, Babariya sped away. When policemen at the site alerted us, we sent a vehicle after Babariya's car. We chased him for a few kilometers. Our constable R K Jadeja had to open fire to stop the car. We have arrested Babariya and booked him under the prohibition law as well as for rash driving,\" a crime branch official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11433798", "title": "Are delegates in the dark over malarial threat in DK?", "text": "MANGALORE: Though the city and Dakshina Kannada district have become endemic to malaria, strangely enough Chemoprophylaxis for malaria has not been thought about by organizers of the National Youth Festival 2012.Chemoprophylaxis refers to the administration of a medication for the purpose of preventing a disease or infection.The National Drug Policy (NDP) on Malaria (2010) by the Directorate of National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme under the Directorate General of Health Services, ministry of health and family welfare, recommends short term chemoprophylaxis.The short term chemoprophylaxis includes use of 100 mg of Doxycycline once daily for adults. The drug should be started two days before travel and continued for four weeks after leaving the malarious area.District malaria officer Dr Arun Kumar says that chemoprophylaxis will be administered to those who require it. \"Actually it should be started a week before they start,'' he said as opposed to NDP. Dr Kumar and district health officer Dr O Srirangappa said anti-mosquito measures were being taken in areas where activities and accommodation was provided to the participants. \"From Tuesday we will start fogging also,\" Dr Kumar added.Doctors who have dealt with malaria say that chemoprophylaxis is a must for those people travelling to malaria-endemic areas. \"There's no need for chemoprophylaxis regimen if a person travels from a malaria endemic-region like Jharkhand to Mangalore. But it is needed for a person from Delhi who travels to this region,'' the doctor said.The NYF will attract close to 5,000 participants from 28 states seven Union territories and also from Asean and Saarc regions. Deputy commissioner Channappa Gowda said he will speak to the malaria officer regarding this. Corporation commissioner Harish Kumar said effective anti-malarial measures, including providing of mosquito coils, will be done where participants are accommodated.In 1990, Mangalore had 19 malaria cases and in 2010 the number was 6,335. In 1995 there were 25 deaths due to malaria. It was eight in 2007, one in 2009 and none thereafter.Commissioner Harish Kumar said the information regarding chemoprophylaxis will be uploaded on the National Youth Festival 2012 website and those who require, will be given the tablets too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11430865", "title": "Meat-flavoured beer for dogs", "text": "LONDON: Now, man's best friend can also enjoy a tipple alongside their owners - thanks to a British pub which has introduced beer for dogs. The Brandling Villa at South Gosforth in Newcastle has come up with a petfriendly menu. The pub is now selling a special beer designed for dogs and also serving a Sunday roast covered in cat-flavoured gravy, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The pub aims to remain traditional but with a modern twist, which includes welcoming dog owners with their pets to enjoy the atmosphere . So, it has started selling the nonalcoholic beverage for pets. It is made with beer ingredients of malt and hops, but also includes meat extract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11429521", "title": "Vidarbha Sahitya Sangh anniv prog on Jan 14", "text": "WARDHA: The 89th anniversary of Vidarbha Sahitya Sangh will be held at Satyanarayan Bajaj public library in Wardha on January 14 at 5.30pm. Prof Vasant Dahake, who will preside over the All-India Marathi Sahitya Sammelan, will be felicitated on the occasion. Wardha will host the anniversary programme of the sangh for the first time.Guardian minister of Wardha Rajendra Mulak, Wardha MP Datta Meghe and chairperson of Vidarbha Sahitya Sangh Manohar Mhaisalkar will grace the occasion. The sangh will award GT Madkholkar Jeewanwrati Puraskar to renowned Marathi litterateur Dr Asha Bage. Ten other litterateurs will also be honored on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430744", "title": "Man gets relief for broken furniture", "text": "CHENNAI: Aggrieved by the damage caused to his furniture while transporting it through a private carrier firm, S Mathimani, a resident of Aruppukottai in Virudhunagar district, has now got relief from the District Consumer Disputes' Redressal Forum in Mylapore.The forum has ordered that the furniture be replaced and that Mathimani be awarded a compensation of 8,000.He had filed a complaint on May 26, 2009 saying that he had received all the goods intact except an office table. While this was acknowledged by the delivery agent of the firm - Metro Carrier in Kodambakkam - Mathimani said he was shocked as it was the company's legal duty to deliver the goods in a fit condition.Though reminders were sent to the firm the day after the delivery was made and photographs of the damaged piece sent across in August 2009 and February 2010, there was no response from the firm.A legal notice was served in March 2010 to which there was no reply. While Selvarajan, a representative of Metro Carrier, appeared before the forum through his counsel, no written version was filed on his behalf. Hence, the opposite party was set ex parte (by or for one party).A bench of V Gopal, president, and L Deenadayalan, member, district consumer forum, examined the evidence such as letters and the photographs sent by the complainant, indicating that the goods were damaged. The evidence showed that the firm had not taken any effort to set right the defects caused in the furniture, the bench observed.In the absence of any evidence on behalf of Metro Carrier, the bench said it was inclined to accept the complainant's claim and ruled there was deficiency in service.Representatives of the firm were directed to repair or replace the top portion of the table within six weeks from the date of receipt of a copy of the order.The bench also ordered that Mathimani be paid a compensation of 5,000 for mental agony and an amount of 3,000 as cost of the complaint, failing which the amount would carry interest at the rate of 9% per annum till the date of payment.Though reminders were sent to the firm the day after the delivery was made and photographs of the damaged piece sent across in August 2009 and February 2010, there was no response from the firm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430057", "title": "Tagore music falls silent at two crossings", "text": "KOLKATA: Rabindrasangeet, which commuters have got so used to at traffic signals, has fallen silent at two locations in the heart of Kolkata and the volume has been turned down at a few other sites in the vicinity of Raj Bhavan.These were among the 40 signals across the city where Rabindrasangeet was played following chief minister Mamata Banerjee's initiative. It was one of her first decisions as CM to \"increase people's patience \". Her reasoning was simple: people get bored waiting before a red signal so a song would be relaxing.At the crossings of Esplanade East-Old Court House Street and Council House Street - Government Place, the poet's songs were played on particularly noisy loudspeakers. But for the past two days there is absolute silence.Maintenance employees at the Esplanade East intersection (close to the south east gate of Raj Bhavan) couldn't explain why the music had been stopped. All they would say is that they were asked by the control room to stop playing Rabindrasangeet.The other crossing where music has been stopped is within earshot. It's the Kolkata Traffic police that keeps a watch on the system. One of their officers said that his superiors had told him to contact the Planning and Survey department of Kolkata Police to \"control the volume\" of the music systems.Accordingly, the officers of the Planning and Survey department informed Kolkata Municipal Corporation's lighting department who took \"hasty action\", said a source.Some senior KMC officers confirmed that they were asked to turn down the volume at traffic signals around Raj Bhavan and in the BBD Bag area. However at two intersections closest to the governor's house, the music was stopped altogether.Police officers refused to say why the music was stopped. Some of them would only hint that it may have been difficult for the Governor to hear Tagore songs for sixteen hours daily - from 6am to 10pm - over noisy, scratchy speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11429317", "title": "Wicket-oriented pitches, the need: Balaji", "text": "MUMBAI: A staggering 14 double hundreds. One triple hundred, that too by someone who plays in the Indian ODI side as a bowling all-rounder. Few outright results in the league stages and just one from the four quarterfinals. Lifeless wickets. The list's endless...The Ranji Trophy story has been depressingly similar this season too. Before the season began, the board advised curators to make bowler-friendly tracks. With teams looking to play safe by preparing wickets that helped them at least draw the game and hope for points off a first innings lead, the 'advise' clearly went down the drain.As the last-four stage of this season's edition of the Ranji Trophy beckons, former India seamer Laxmipathy Balaji, currently the Tamil Nadu skipper, raised a pertinent point.\"I definitely feel we should encourage 20 wickets-oriented cricket. Games should not be decided on the basis of one innings. Twenty wickets should decide a match, not 10, where the fourth day provides ordinary cricket. I keep telling my team, look at the positives of taking 20 wickets. At least you are giving yourself a chance for an outright win,\" remarked Balaji on the eve of his side's semifinal game against Mumbai.\"A pitch should help all aspects of the game. If you have those kind of wickets, batsmen with good technique will score and good bowlers will take wickets. It will improve our standard, and our players will get the confidence to compete against the best at the international level,\" Balaji stressed.Another pitch which caught Balaji's liking was the one at Dharmasala. \"It is a result pitch. There is a possibility of a result on the fourth day, and one can come back in the second innings. The match is always intense, and it tests the character of everyone in the game. It shows the potential of a good pitch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433705", "title": "Janaki Rangarajan on a classically rich note", "text": "Dancer Janaki Rangarajan in a chat with CTDr Janaki Rangarajan has been visiting Chennai regularly for the past seven years during the December season. A dancer who shuttles between the US and Chennai, she enthralled audiences with a margam recital she performed recently in the city. Her experience in the city has been fantastic, she states, and weeks of sabha-hopping has only left her asking for more. CT in a quick chat with the dancer.THE MARGAZHI MUSIC SEASON EXPERIENCE The season hasn't changed in terms of how performances are presented. However, I do witness a lot more experimentation by dancers these days. What's heartening is that all these experiments are within the boundaries of tradition. Personally, it's been an enriching experience to just be in Chennai and attend the concerts in the season.ONE STEP AT A TIME! For my performance this season, the main Varnam piece was one composed by the Tanjore quartet. It's a very traditional song and was appreciated by the audience. Among other pieces was one that was a poetry on Lord Narayana and a piece that showcased how a lady is angry about the ways of Krishna.GO THEMATIC! I've never done thematic performances yet but if I do get an opportunity, I'd like to take up a subject that moves me. For such performances, one needs to research a lot into the literature available. I'd like to present something that holds good for this time and age as well.INSPIRATIONS/ ROLE MODEL I don't have any particular person as my role model; I get inspired by different performers. I look towards stalwarts and contemporaries for inspiration. In fact, some of the dance performances this season had me spellbound.REACHING YOUNGSTERS I see a lot of youngsters attending classical music concerts these days. As dancers, we have to give them something that they can relate to. If the topic we choose as a dancer is ancient, it might not exactly appeal to them if it's not packaged well. After all, at the end of the day, Bharatanatyam is about human emotions and that's relatable to everyone! I see a positive movement in terms of youngsters being interested in learning dance and exploring its different facets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430550", "title": "Scam after scam, all of them inside jobs", "text": "NEW DELHI: With corruption pervading almost all sectors of society in the recent past, the field of academics has also witnessed a new low.Last year a series of scams in various universities and medical institutes were discovered and now barely two weeks into the new year another scam has come to light.In all these cases officials discovered that it was an inside job -- people working within academic institutions were making crores on the sly by misusing their positions and compromising with the education standards of their institution. The year 2011 started with the CBI busting a gang run by one Mahipal Singh, alias Rakesh Yadav who ran a well-oiled racket supported by a dedicated back-up team of doctors and agents who managed to manipulate the AIIMS PG examination papers of 2010.Similiarly, the All India Pre-Veterinary Test held by the Veterinary Council of India was also allegedly rigged by Mahipal Singh and his gang members. CBI found during investigations that several medical students had paid fees as high as Rs one crore to the scamsters to get their papers cleared.Later in the year, Delhi Police unearthed a major admission scam in Ramjas College of Delhi University where several ex-Ramjas students and some college staff members were minting money by forging the 12th marksheets and other documents to provide admission to ineligible students. The accused were charging Rs 1.5 lakh to 6 lakh for each admission and fake marksheets. Police registered 35 FIRs and arrested 15 persons. Meanwhile, cops busted the fake Delhi University caste certificate racket in which students secured admissions in elite colleges of Delhi based on the basis of fake SC certificates. Five people in this regard so far and 12 fake certificates along with Rs 5 lakh in cash was recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429903", "title": "PCMC removes hoardings", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has lodged police complaints against seven people for putting up unauthorised hoardings within the municipal limits. The action has been taken since the election code of conduct for the civic elections came into force on January 3.Sopan Bhonde, anti-encroachment inspector, zone A, PCMC, lodged police complaints against three people at the Dehu Road police station. Aziz Karche, assistant commissioner and zone B officer, PCMC, said that police complaints had been lodged against four persons at the Chinchwad police station for putting unauthorised hoardings in areas of Chinchwadgaon.A large number of aspirants from various political parties had put up hoardings in different parts of the twin township in the run-up to the forthcoming municipal elections. This had marred the beauty of chowks in the city mainly in Chinchwadgaon, Kalewadi and Pimprigaon. So, the PCMC started the drive .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11432699", "title": "Unaccounted Rs 17.6 lakh recovered", "text": "KANPUR: Unaccounted cash worth Rs 17.6 lakh was recovered from a four-wheeler in which Surendra Gupta and Mahendra Gupta of Gwaltoli area were also carrying 77 bottles of Indian made foreign liquor (IMFL) from Haryana to the state capital. The arrest was made by the Kalyanpur police on Sunday.The police intercepted the car at Gurudeo crossing and detained Surendra Gupta and Mahendra Gupta, who were carrying the cash liquor consignment.The police arrested 24 persons consuming liquor at public places in a drive launched in the city since Monday morning.Meanwhile, the police busted an illegal firearm factory in Hanspuram Colony in Naubasta police area and recovered three country-made firearms, a rifle and several semi-finished weapons on Sunday night. Salman Ali, a resident of Babupurwa, was arrested in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11434070", "title": "She wants to roam the world with family in tow", "text": "The world would come to an end on December 21, 2012! This is what the ancient Mayans would have us believe, having had predicted this thousands of years ago. Almost all scoff at such predictions and rightly so. However, there are some who harbour thoughts of what they would like to do before the end comes. Ludhiana, Times of India checks out the wish list of some Ludhianvis.Before the world's final day, 28-year-old homemaker Neha Jain of Kitchlu Nagar has a long list of to-do. She would love to look her best, tour the world, meet her favourite movie stars and taste cakes from across the globe.\"I love buying new dresses, including suits and sarees. So my first wish is to buy as many traditional Indian and modern dresses as I can. I would also like to buy new designs of diamond studded jewellery, especially the heavy kinds. Of course, there I want to buy a variety of sandals to match my dresses too. In a nutshell, I wish to wear new dresses with diamond studded jewellery and sandals so that I can look great. Women want to get noticed and I am no different,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11437924", "title": "Prasanna, Yo Mahesh rescue Tamil Nadu with century stand", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramaswamy Prasanna struck a fighting unbeaten 81 and added 111 with Vijaykumar Yo Mahesh to lift Tamil Nadu to a respectable 250/6 from a precarious position on day one of the four-day Ranji Trophy semifinal against Mumbai on Tuesday.Tamil Nadu were tottering at 139/6 at lunch, having lost five wickets on either side of the interval for the addition of only 32 runs.However, Prasanna and Mahesh dug in and added 111 runs for the undefeated seventh wicket at the Wankhede stadium.At close, the 29-year-old Prasanna, playing in only his 24th first class fixture, was unbeaten after a vigil of 245 minutes during which he slammed 12 fours from 177 balls.Yo Mahesh, a handy lower order batsman and medium pacer, was giving him company with a responsible 34 not out after a 185-minute stay at the crease, after facing 142 balls.The seventh wicket pair denied Mumbai, who had given first strike to Tamil Nadu after winning the toss, any wicket after the first hour of the second session, and also saw off the second new ball taken eight overs before close.Their partnership, that has spanned 279 balls, pulled the visitors from a deep rut that saw Tamil Nadu lose three wickets in four balls in only six minutes before lunch, including two off successive balls, at the same score of 107 and then two more soon after the break.The man doing serious damage to the strong Tamil Nadu ranks after a 99-run second wicket stand between opener Murali Vijay (47) and Subramaniam Badrinath (56) was young Mumbai medium pacer Balwinder Singh Sandhu, in his first season.The right arm bowler ended the day with fine figures of 4/80 after being on a hat-trick during his superb second spell of 2-0-8-2, after grabbing the wickets of Vijay and Dinesh Karthik in successive balls.Dhawal Kulkarni secured the remaining two wickets that fell and ended with figures of 2/60.The decision of Mumbai captain Wasim Jaffer to insert the visitors in appeared to have backfired when Tamil Nadu raced to 50 at almost five an over after the early departure of left handed opener Abhinav Mukund (4), who dragged Kulkarni's ball on to the stumps in the 3rd over.Vijay and Badrinath, who faced 86 balls and hit 10 fours, looked in full control when Kulkarni and Sandhu bowled their first spells in a wayward fashion, with Badri even spanking the latter for four fours to the cover region in one over.Jaffer brought on Kshemal Waingankar and Abhishek Nayar to cut down the run-rate and they succeeded to do so with a semi defensive field.After helping his side to reach 100 in the 28th over and completing his own half-century with a pulled four in 76 balls in the process, Badri played a poor shot to drag a wide ball from Sandhu, bowling his second spell, on to his stumps to start the slide.The former TN captain's partnership with Vijay (80balls, 4x7), was worth 99 in 159 balls and came in four minutes under two hours.Karthik was declared leg before to a ball that seemed to be missing the leg stump to provide Sandhu with a hat-trick chance that was denied by K Vasudevadas.Then Vijay, having lost his focus at the fall off these two wickets in successive deliveries, chased a wide ball from Kulkarni as TN lost three wickets on 107.Adjourning to lunch without any further loss at 125 for four, Tamil Nadu lost Vasudevadas (14) and Sunny Gupta (12) to Sandhu soon after resumption to be in a precarious position when Prasanna and Yo Mahesh staged the grand recovery.Both the batsmen eschewed risky shots and batted with a lot of caution, though both of them were a bit lucky to remain unbeaten at the end of the day's play.Yo Mahesh (21), who has scored 250 runs prior to this match, looked to have been trapped plumb by Ramesh Powar but the strong appeal was rejected by English umpire Peter Hartley .Later, Prasanna under-edged the off-spinner when on 71 in a total of 229/6 but wicket-keeper Onkar Gurav could not latch on to the difficult chance.These two lucky breaks apart after tea, the duo batted extremely well and pulled Tamil Nadu to 233 for six when Jaffer summoned the second new ball after 82 overs.Both Kulkarni and Sandhu, bowling with the new ball, were negotiated with comfort by the two batsmen who raised the 100 of the partnership in 166 minutes and 253 balls.The first hour of play on Wednesday could be crucial for both teams with the ball still quite new and the cool conditions expected to help the seam bowlers.Brief scores: Tamil Nadu 250/6 in 90 overs (M Vijay 47, S Badrinath 56, R Prasanna batting 81, V Yo Mahesh batting 34; D Kulkarni 2/60, B S Sandhu (jr) 4/80) v Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430337", "title": "Cops monitor 30K troublemakers", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are preparing a list of around 30,000 potential troublemakers to ensure safe and peaceful polls. They have already started tracking down suspects to monitor their activities.Senior officials said they are also preparing a dossier on candidates with criminal backgrounds. \"We have to ensure that they do not create a law and order problem,\" the officer said. The list of wanted accused includes those who have jumped bail as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "iitanagar/ dimapur", "code": "11433316", "title": "NSCN factions resort to turf war in Arunachal district", "text": "IITANAGAR/ DIMAPUR: A turf war between the two factions of the NSCN erupted at Chasa village in the troubled Tirap district of Arunachal Pradesh. A gun fight between the cadres of NSCN (IM) and NSCN (K) took place at the village, an official source informed on Monday.A house was completely gutted in the fight while three persons were injured, including one who sustained serious bullet injuries in his stomach. The gunfight continued intermittently till late Sunday afternoon spreading terror among the villagers, who have been living in fear psychosis for years, the source informed.Security forces including Army's 14{+t}{+h} Rajput regiment from Longding, 19 Assam Rifles, CRPF and local police reached the village to take stock of the situation. The cadres of the two factions retreated on learning about the approaching security personnel. The security personnel rescued the injured persons, the source said, adding that, the seriously injured person was sent to Dibrugarh for treatment.Meanwhile, NSCN (IM) on Sunday said the Khaplang cadres had launched a surprise attack at their camp at Chasha village, but their guerrillas saw them approaching and caught them by surprise before they could put their plan into action. The NSCN (IM) said two NSCN (K) cadres were killed while four were seriously injured.Claiming that no NSCN (IM) cadres were injured, the NSCN (IM) regretted that the school children were disturbed and that two houses were burnt down. As the situation turned worse, the village authorities asked both the parties to vacate the village. However, the NSCN (IM) told the village authorities that it was the NSCN (K) that had entered the area to launch a surprise attack without any provocation from their end, therefore, the NSCN (K) should vacate the village.The district had been declared 'disturbed' under the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958 on September 17, 1991 at the recommendation of the state government owing to the numerous cases of bloodshed, kidnapping, murder and unabated violence by both factions. The Act was last extended on June 20, 2010.A major training camp of the NSCN (K) and ULFA in the Namchik reserve forest near Panchum under Kharsang circle of Changlang district was destroyed by security forces on December 23, 2011 while a major training camp of the NSCN (IM) was unearthed and destroyed at Longbo village, camouflaged deep inside jungle in Tirap district on Dec 18, 2011.The people of the district have been living in a fear psychosis since January, 2011 when its headquarters Khonsa witnessed intermittent gun battles . The Tirap District Indigenous Rights Forum (TDIRF) had urged the state government and the legislators to address this fear psychos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "11429803", "title": "Cudnem villagers oppose mine at Falwada, flay politicians", "text": "KERI: Residents of Falwada-Cudnem in Bicholim on Sunday expressed strong opposition to a mine proposed very near to human settlement in their hamlet.A resolution to this effect was passed at a meeting held in the village hall on Sunday evening. Cudnem village in Bicholim taluka is already overburdened with mining activities. Air, water and noise pollution has disturbed the life and livelihood of the villagers. At the meeting, Tulshidas Khandekar, secretary, Tenant Association of Falwada, said, \"We don't want a mine in our area. We have already experienced how undisciplined mining has spoiled agriculture and horticulture in the vicinity of Cudnem.\"Shantaram Ghadi, former Cudnem sarpanch, said, \"Some of our panchayat members are playing with our lives by inviting problemsthrough mining activities. At Khodginim, Chikanem, Sonshi, Velguem and other places, villagers have permanently lost their peace of mind and tranquility of life.\"Rajendra Falkar, president, Tenant Association of Falwada, said, \"Our agricultural fields are presently degraded by mining silt. We are not in a position to grow anything in our lands. Residents have become victims of various respiratory diseases. The number of cancer and tuberculosis patients are increasing.\"Santosh Malik from Cudnem, said, \"There are politicians with vested interest who are actively involved in starting new mines in Falwada. If their plans materialize, it will threaten the future and we have to be ready for facing numerous hardships.\" As per information obtained under the RTI Act, this mine belongs to Caxinath Talaulikar and has been given lease No. 48/58 with 97.55 hectares of area in Cudnem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11433414", "title": "Agartala gets facelift, security tightened for Hasina visit", "text": "AGARTALA: The city is getting a facelift in view of the visit of Bangladesh Prime Minister, Sheikh Hasina and Vice-President of India, Hamid Ansari on January 11. Union minister Kapil Sibal will also arrive here to receive Hasina as a representative of the central government.Every nook and corner of the city is being cleaned and white-washed, massive bill-boards are being erected to welcoming Hasina, with whom the people of Tripura connect emotionally in remembrance of the Bangladesh Liberation War.The state played a major role in the Liberation War. In fact, it was from here that the war started and gained momentum. Later, this tiny state gave refuge to more than 15 lakh people. The figure was astonishing keeping in mind that the state's population figure then was less than the incoming refugees. Tripura also played the hub of many war operations.The excitement and joy of Hasina's visit to Agartala is palpable. But, the visit is also making the police and security agencies work round the clock. According to officials, Tripura State Rifles will be deployed to ensure the security. The roads through which the VVIP cavalcade will pass are being sanitised and security measures are being taken and the venues where both Hasina and the Vice-President are to visit are being kept under surveillance. In the meantime, security experts from Bangladesh have already visited the city and discussed related matters with Indian officials.\"Though we see no threat on her life here, we are leaving no stone unturned to ensure her safety. Sanjay Sinha, the DGP of Agartala was once in charge of the PM's security arrangements. He was also a senior intelligence official and his ADG, Kishore Jha has spent many years in an external intelligence agency abroad. Both of them are specialists and thorough professionals relating to intelligence and security arrangements,\" said a senior police official.The official added, \"The blue prints and lay-outs of all the buildings and venues where Hasina will be visiting has been taken away by the police from the respective departments weeks ago and are now kept in a safe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430170", "title": "Rajesh Talwar cannot be arrested till Feb 4, says SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday said Dr Rajesh Talwar and his wife Nupur, who are to face trial in the Aarushi-Hemraj double murder case, would not be arrested till February 4 when they are scheduled to appear before the trial court, but also accepted CBI's plea to seek the cancellation of Dr Talwar's bail.The CBI is planning to move an application before the trial court seeking cancellation of bail granted to Dr Talwar on the ground that it was a case of gruesome murder of two persons, including the Talwars' 14-year-old daughter, and that in no such case the accused are allowed to remain on bail during the pendency of trial proceedings.A bench of Justices A K Ganguly and J S Khehar accepted the contention of senior advocate Harish Salve that his client Rajesh Talwar had been on bail since July 11, 2008 and said \"since it is an admitted position that he had been on bail since July 2008, he would remain on bail till February 4\". Salve promised the court on Dr Talwar's behalf that he would appear before the trial court on February 4.With the apex court allowing Dr Talwar to be on bail till the date of his appearance before the trial court, which had summoned Aarushi's parents as accused after rejecting CBI's closure report, this would entail similar relief to Nupur.Nupur alone was present during the hearing of Dr Talwar's petition challenging the trial court's order asking him to furnish fresh bail bond in the case. On Friday, the bench of Justices Ganguly and Khehar had dismissed Nupur's petition challenging the trial court's decision to summon her and Dr Talwar as accused in the case despite CBI filing a closure report.However, CBI remained upbeat as the court accepted additional solicitor general Harin Raval's request and recorded that continuance of Dr Talwar's bail till February 4 would not prevent the agency or the accused from moving fresh applications before the trial court.After Salve promised that Dr Talwar would appear before the trial court on February 4, the bench asked the dentist not to leave his residential locality without prior permission from the trial court. It also asked him to deposit his passport, but learnt that he has already deposited it with the trial court.Dr Talwar was arrested on May 23, 2008, a week after the double murder in Noida. He was remanded to judicial custody on June 5, 2008. CBI, which took over investigations on June 1, 2008, had moved an application before the trial court on July 11, 2008 saying Dr Talwar's judicial custody need not be extended.On the basis of this application, the trial court had released Dr Talwar on bail on furnishing a bail bond of Rs 5 lakh with one surety. However, the trial court, on rejecting the closure report filed by CBI, had summoned him and later issued a bailable arrest warrant for Rs 20,000. This was objected to by Dr Talwar on the ground that he was already on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430933", "title": "Noida banks urge SC to extend date", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nineteen nationalized banks on Monday urged the Supreme Court to extend the February 5 deadline to move out of residential areas of Noida, saying elaborate security arrangements and scrupulous adherence to guidelines laid by Reserve Bank of India and Central Vigilances Commission had to be followed in selecting and operationalising branches in new locations.The banks, in an application filed through advocate Sanjay Kapur, said \"sudden closure of 22 branches and 21 ATMs operating in residential areas would not only adversely impact banking activity but also seriously affect 2.3 lakh customers in Noida\".Appearing for the banks, senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi said the banks had approached the Noida chief executive officer for alternative premises and advertised in newspapers seeking rented accommodation. But the time of two months granted for shifting from residential areas was too short, he said.The petitioners told a bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and Ranjana P Desai that pursuant to the SC's December 5 judgment, landlords had sent notices to the banks to vacate premises by January 10 and threatened to put locks in their premises if they failed to shift out by then.The court did not extend the deadline but in an interim order suspended for two weeks steps being taken to implement its December 5 judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11429577", "title": "Leopard trapped", "text": "MYSORE: A leopard which had strayed into the human habitation at Gourishankarnagar at the foot of Chamundi Hill was trapped by the forest department officials on Monday morning.The fully grown female leopard used to frequent the human habitation and a few days ago it is said that two leopards had strayed into the Panchagavi Mutt area and injured a goat belonging to one Puttaswamy.The forest department staff used a dog as a bait and placed it inside a cage. At around 4am, the leopard resurfaced. The trap shut as soon as the leopard entered the cage. Puttaswamy who was residing near the cage heard the dog barking, went to investigate and saw the trapped leopard.On getting information, the forest officials took the leopard into their custody and released it deep inside the Nagarahole forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11430284", "title": "'We have immense talent, the need is to tap youngsters'", "text": "Hockey legend Dhanraj Pillay explains to Bella Jaisinghani the hindrances and challenges in rearing sporting talent in IndiaQ. Is the craze for cricket among children, and parents, depriving other sports of talent?A. Children need to understand that they can make a career in sports. Scores of players, not just in cricket but also across various disciplines, have done India proud. Apart from myself, Leander Paes , Viren Rasquinha, Geet Sethi, Sania Mirza , and now Yuvraj Valmiki are known all over the world. There are more opportunities to learn and earn an income from sport today than ever before. Take my example. I am not highly qualified but hockey has given me everything I have-wealth, fame and respect. However, there is one crucial difference that prompts parents to push their young ones towards cricket. Cricketers graduate to a life of luxury in merely six months-they are fed well, they can buy a car, own a house, they are given respect by the federation. No wonder the first thing parents buy little children is a bat and ball.Q. You ran a hockey academy in Mumbai, but that fell by the wayside owing to lack of funds?A. The Dhanraj Pillay Hockey Academy ran for four years but was forced to stop due to politics and lack of funds. We tried to restart it, but it was finally grounded. It pains me to see how some really good players who could have represented the country were unable to fulfil their ambition. Still, I do whatever I can to see that hockey becomes visible in smaller cities and rural areas.Q. You have often said that India is filled with potential for excellence in sports?A. I do believe that. We have immense talent; the need is to tap youngsters at the right time when they are,say, 16 or 17. Not just in cricket but also in every discipline. If you are good you're good, if you're bad you've got to improve and become good.Q. Some coaches and federations believe there are few opportunities for careers in other sports?A. I beg to differ. I have met Indian industrialists like Anil Ambani and Subroto Roy as well as multinational corporations who are willing to sponsor games like hockey. It is the federations that fail to present their case properly. We need to take a lesson from officials who manage cricket; they have marketed the game so well. The one good thing is that the long-awaited and high profile World Series in hockey will finally get off the ground in February. I tell players that this is one opportunity that will not come again. In all my life, I had never before seen hockey players sign huge contracts of Rs 7 lakh to Rs 15 lakh. The World Series will be a game-changer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431641", "title": "Web bibliography of Tagore\u2019s works soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The complete bibliography of Rabindranath Tagore's works and everything written on him will soon be just a click away.On Monday, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee launched a project that will compile a web bibliography of works of, and by, Tagore. Apart from works by Tagore, literary criticism and other works on Tagore published in India and abroad will be included in the bibliography.Mukherjee said Raja Rammohun Roy Library Foundation has taken up the task of compiling a web bibliography of works by or on Tagore. The work is a result of the compilation work supervised by Tagore experts and scholars, involving as many as 20 libraries across the country for titles. More than 9,000 books in 42 languages, both Indian and foreign, have been located so far.\"It is the most comprehensive attempt undertaken for compiling the works by, and on, Tagore, or, for that matter, any literary figure. The bibliography is an endeavour to bring a ready reckoner to scholars and readers of Tagore,\" the culture ministry said.Mukherjee said accessing the book on this web bibliography has been made easy: a tome can be located by its 'Title', 'Author', 'Editor' or 'Genre'. A unique feature of the web portal is its interactive character. Scholars and readers can interact with the site and provide supplementary information about respective publications. More titles will be added in the coming months and the portal is expected to become the most comprehensive web portal on Tagore, attracting viewers from both India and abroad.Mukherjee said, \"We should not stop here. The effort should involve the Sahitya Akademis of states, attracting their attention to the titles in their languages already enlisted, and seeking their inputs and contributions to expand the database.\"Works in the collections of 20 major libraries in the country are included in the bibliography. In addition, with a view to expand the listing, details of works have been collected from publishers as well as book stores. Scholars who have studied Tagore extensively have also been consulted.Since it is a web-based bibliography, one can access a book by its title, author, editor, language or keyword, making it user friendly. The availability of a book in a particular library has also been indicated. As a standard practice, the titles in the compilation have been arranged according to subjects ie Appreciation, Aesthetics and Art, Anniversaries, Bibliography, Biography, Criticism and Interpretation, Poetry, Fiction, Drama, Dance, Juvenile Literature, Education etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430770", "title": "Unions join hands in fight", "text": "MUMBAI: Four staff unions of the Harkisondas Nurrotumdas Hospital at Charni Road with diverse political affiliations joined hands to protest against the management's decision to shut down for renovation. Their first round of talks with the management on Monday did not yield much.The unions representing 615 class III and IV workers were upset as the management kept them in the dark about the major decision. \"Permission to renovate the building must not have happened overnight. Plans were naturally on for months but we were kept in the dark,\" said Ramchandra Gawde of the Maharashtra General Kamgar Union.Gawde questioned the management's claims of suffering losses of Rs 90 crore over the years. The hospital is run by H N Trust, which is substantially funded by Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Industries Ltd.Employees were taken by surprise by the announcement as they were planning to put forward a charter of demands for better salaries and renewal of contracts that have expired in June 2011. \"If the hospital is only shutting for renovation, why should the employees leave,\" said Bharat Joshi of the Samarth Kamgar Sanghatana.Joshi wondered why the renovation could not be carried out in phases or after completion of the 21-storey structure being constructed on the same premise. \"Most employees are over 45 and will find it difficult to get jobs elsewhere,\" he said.The management said the employees' future was of paramount importance. \"The renovation cannot be carried out in phases as it could impose risks to patients and employees,\" a hospital spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11432917", "title": "Poet killed near Sanghagara", "text": "KEONJHAR: A 66-year-old poet was killed in a road accident near Sanghagara waterfalls in Keonjhar district. The death on Sunday evening came just days after a 20-year-old man drowned at the popular picnic spot.Police said the poet, Suryamani Biswal, was run over by a truck on National Highway 6. Biswal had come along with along with 30 people from Bhadrak for a picnic at Sanghagara. He was crossing the road to board his bus when the mishap took place. He died on way to the district heaquarters hospital in Keonjhar. Police seized the truck and arrested the driver.Sources said Suryamani was the editor of a magazine and he had been associated with Uttar Odisha Sahitya Sanskruti Parisad for the last 30 years.On Thursday, a Bhubaneswar-based engineer was killed after he slipped into the waterfalls. Police said the deceased, Susabhit Sarthak, had come to a picnic with five friends. The incident happened when Susabhit, who worked in a private company in Bhubaneswar, was taking photographs of his friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11429556", "title": "Schools, colleges in Chandrapur dist remain closed to support medical college demand", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: All schools and colleges in the town remained closed on Monday in response to the bandh call given by Prahar to protest state government's denial to start a medical college in Chandrapur district. All educational institutes came out in huge support to flay the state government which favoured Satara over Chandrapur over starting a new medical college.Local Youth Congress, NSUI and Mazdoor Congress also jointly staged a sit-in agitation at Old Warora Naka square, to press for the demand of allotting medical college to Chandrapur. Senior congress leader and former MP Naresh Puglia extended support to them. Flaying government's decision, Puglia demanded allotment of a medical college in favour of the district.While most of the schools and colleges had already declared holiday in support of the demand, managements of the remaining institutes sent back students following persuasion by Prahar activists on Monday morning. Band was total in Warora, Bhadrawati and Majri; however it evoked moderate response in Mul, Sindewahi, Rajura and Ballarpur.Prahar also took out protest rally to district collectorate and flayed government's decision. Activists, led by Prahar president Pradeep Deshmukh, burned copies of the memorandum of demands before the collectorate flaying the district collector's adamant attitude. Deshmukh claimed that collector Vijay Waghmare kept the delegation waiting for over an hour. After they tried to meet additional collector and resident collector, he summoned both of them for a meeting, he charged.Deshmukh pointed out that Chandrapur was way ahead of other district in terms of pollution, ailments due to pollution, number of deaths in accidents, malnutrition, sickle cell, HIV infection and leprosy patents. \"Chandrapur badly needs a medical college facility considering the fact that patients also pour in from adjoining Yavatmal, Gadchiroli districts along with those from bordering areas of Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh seeking medical treatment,\" Deshmukh added. \"Chief Minister is misusing his post to allot medical college to Satara, his home district. When there is already a medical college at Karad, where is the need to allot yet another medical college in Satara located just 50 kms away,\" he questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430667", "title": "Scrap unique ID project, says plea in high court", "text": "CHENNAI: Without a parliamentary permission to collect personal and biometric details of citizens, the Unique Identity Authority of India (UIDA), which issues the all-purpose Aadhaar identity cards, is an illegal entity deserving to be scrapped, a PIL has said in Madras high court.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice K B K Vasuki, before which the PIL filed by S Raju of Vriddhachalam in Cuddalore district came up for admission, refused to stay the functioning of the authority but issued notices to central and state governments, besides the Unique Identification Authority of India, on Monday.When the matter was taken up for hearing, advocate NGR Prasad, counsel for Raju, submitted that the authority was constituted through an executive order and that it had no powers to compile personal details of people. Headed by co-chairman of Infosys Nandan Nilenkani, the authority has so far spent Rs 673 crore between January 2009 and November 2011. The estimation for the period 2011-2012 would be Rs 1,500 crore, he said. Prasad pointed out that when attempt was made to introduce a bill in the Parliament, the standing committee on finance discussed and rejected the bill. \"One of the grounds raised is that the Aadhaar project is a threat to national security and misuse of date of residents,\" he said.Without any statutory source for its existence, the authority has been entering into memorandum of understanding with state and central government organizations and private entities to execute the project, the PIL said, adding that people are being asked to provide details such as name, age, address and scanned image of their finger prints and iris. The Aadhaar card insisted on biometric and demographic information, it said. \"It is significant to state that in the Citizenship (Registration of Citizens and Issue of National Identity Cards) Rules 2003, there is no mention of collecting biometric data from people,\" the PIL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430306", "title": "Special Sankranti buses, trains", "text": "HYDERABAD: Travelling within the state will cost a bomb this Sankranti. With the festive weekend just round the corner, most travel and tour operators in the city have floated new buses with high ticket fares that ply to the most sought-after travel destinations within the state, including Vijayawada, Vizag and Kakinada. The ticket rates of regular buses are also expected to double in the next couple of days, operators said.The fare hike is the result of an unprecedented demand for the tickets to different districts within the state. Travel operators said that there has been a 20% increase in the demand for tickets this Sankranti compared to last year.The South Central Railway (SCR) too is feeling the Sankranti heat as there is a massive demand for train tickets to Kakinada, Vijayawada and Vizag. \"We have introduced 14 Sankranti special trains to meet the demand. We have also added extra coaches to the existing trains to accommodate the passengers on the waiting list. The number of extra coaches added depends on the number of passengers on the waiting list,\" said an SCR spokesperson.The demand is predictably the highest for buses that ply on the eve of Sankranti, tour operators said. \"Most tickets were booked almost a month ago. Major demand is for buses that ply to towns in coastal Andhra region. Many people are still on the waiting list,\" said G Surendra, senior executive, Kesineni Travels. Seats in special buses, that will be operated to accommodate the extra rush, will cost up to 30% over the normal bus fare. \"We have a total of 24 buses which go to destinations like Vijayawada, Vizag and other districts. Apart from these, we have added eight special buses just for the Sankranti weekend. The ticket price for special buses is around Rs 1,100, while the regular fare is around Rs 850. The demand is such that so far we have already booked nearly 2,000 seats. All the vehicles will surely be full this weekend,\" said Hari Prasad, manager of Sri Kaleswari Travels.Kamini, an employee of Southern Travels, revealed that their buses too are already booked. \"There are no seats available on any of the regular or special buses to the districts this weekend. Usually there are no buses to Vijayawada or Vizag which leave in the afternoon but on January 14 and 15, we will ply special buses which will depart from the city in the afternoon as well. Ticket prices for these buses would be around Rs 300 higher than that of the regular bus tickets,\" she said.The availability of bus tickets seems to be giving sleepless nights to many as bookings are being done even till late in the night. \"We had opened online booking at 3 am but even then within a few hours most of the tickets get booked. Most people, whose train tickets are not yet confirmed, are now booking bus tickets to reach their destinations,\" said V Prasad of Kamakshi and Kaveri travels.Although prices of bus tickets are already on the higher side, travel agents informed that the prices will go up further as Sankranti draws closer. \"In the coming days, there will be around 200 buses shuttling between Hyderabad and other districts within the state and most seats in these buses are already booked. The prices have already upped by 50%. But if someone wants a ticket in the last minute, then bus owners will charge double the rate. Prices may go up further higher than Rs 1,500 per ticket even to nearby locations,\" said Shyam Kumar, a tour agent from Royal Travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430895", "title": "Bhanwari murdered at the behest of a neta: CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wrapping up its probe in the Bhanwari Devi murder case, the CBI claimed on Monday that it had corroborative evidence to establish that the 36-year-old nurse was murdered and burnt allegedly at the behest of a political leader.Agency sources said they were now looking for the alleged mastermind of the murder - Indra Bishnoi (sister of Congress MLA Malkhan Singh) - and a member of Bishna Ram's gang, identified as Ashok . The sources said that some of the political leaders in the state were aware of the conspiracy to murder her.One of the accused had told the CBI that her watch was also dumped in the canal, prompting the agency to seek help of the Rajasthan government in stopping the water flow to enable the investigators with the state police to look for the evidence. Sources also added that Bhanwari had been strangulated and later burnt. Her ashes along with belongings were dumped in the nearby Rajiv Gandhi canal.CBI sources said Bhanwari's son Sahil (18) was called to the agency's camp office at Jodhpur Circuit House and was shown the recovered articles, out of which he identified at least four.Around 35 divers were involved in an extensive search in the canal for the past four days and they had recovered several articles including a gunny bag, a wrist watch, a toe ring, nose pin, broken pieces of jewellery (including a pendant), charred bone pieces, five teeth, a wooden bat and two country-made pistols apart from some clothes (which reportedly belong to accused Kailash Jakhar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429671", "title": "Chargesheet filed in Kush murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: City police filed a chargesheet in the Kush Katariya case on Monday.The 18-page chargesheet, along with 259 pages of investigation details, was submitted before the court with just a day before completion of the stipulated 90-day period granted under provision of law for investigation. The investigation included the statements of 59 witnesses.Eight-year-old Kush was kidnapped and murdered on October 11 last year. Police had initially arrested Kush's neighbour Ayush Pugliya on October 13 and also rounded up his two elder brothers Navin and Nitin on October 20, for their alleged role in destroying evidence.The murder had triggered widespread rage and protest in the city.So much so, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had to visit the aggrieved family and assure the citizens of tightening police machinery. Efforts are now being made to rope in the high profile public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam for the trial.The case had aroused such a strong sentiment that a section of the legal practitioners had joined hands and decided not to appear as defence lawyers for the Pugliyas. Pugliyas were later represented by Sudeep Jaiswal, also the president of District Bar Association, amid strong resentment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429876", "title": "12 chain-snatching cases solved; 4 held", "text": "PUNE: The Kothrud police on Monday claimed to have solved 16 cases, including 12 chain-snatching incidents, following the arrest of four persons and seizure of goods worth Rs 6.91 lakh, including 300 gm of gold.Acting on a tip-off, a police team led by senior inspector attached to the Kothrud police station, Chandrakant Ghodke, laid a trap at Shinde Vasti in Kothrud and nabbed Sunil Laxman Gawli (24) of Dhankawdi, Angad Mahadev Gawli (23) of Kothrud, Kumar Vilas Bhoj (19) of Warje Malwadi and Pintya alias Rohidas Laxman Gupte (27) of Dhayari. One of their accomplices is still at large. The team also seized a country-made revolver, a fake pistol and sharp weapons.\"On December 9, 2011, the gang had stolen Rs 20,000 from the Chaitrali Mini Market in Gujarat Colony in Kothrud,\" Ghodke said.Constables Baba Dangde and Raju Borde had received a tip-off that a gang of criminals on police records was preparing a dacoity in Kothrud area. \"We laid a trap and nabbed the suspects near Shinde Vasti,\" Ghodke said, adding, \"The fifth suspect, Arun Pawar, managed to flee from the spot.\"During interrogation, the suspects revealed their involvements in 12 chain-snatching incidents in the city. \"Nine of these 12 incidents had taken place in Kothrud areas. Two chains were snatched in the jurisdiction of the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station and one from Warje-Malwadi,\" Ghodke said.The suspects also revealed their involvement in one burglary at Gananjay society in Kothrud. The suspects had stolen TV, DVD player, LPG stove and cylinder from the house. \"The suspects also revealed their involvements in two robberies, including the one at the Chaitrali Mini Market in Gujarat Colony. The suspects had robbed Brijeshkumar Yadav of Rs 12,000 after thrashing him in front of a bank near Anandnagar on Paud Road,\" Ghodke said. The police are investigating whether the suspects were involved in highway robberies as well. \"We suspect that the gang may have used the country-made revolver and the fake pistol to rob drivers on the highway. We are investigating,\" Ghodke said.Three of the four suspects have previous criminal records. Sunil Gawli has cases of murder and robberies registered against him. His cousin Angad Gawli also has cases of murder, body offences and abduction. Gupte had two cases of attempt to murder and a case of body offence registered against him. \"The trio met in Yerawada central prison and formed a gang,\" Ghodke said.After they were released from prison, they had rented a room at a secluded place in Dhayari. \"They used to meet there in the afternoon. Before going out for snatching chains, they used to decide who would ride the motorcycle and who would snatch the chains,\" Ghodke said. \"They used to conduct a recee on two separate motorcycles. After identifying a woman, they used to go near her and park the motorcycle. One of them would get down, snatch the chain and then flee on the motorcycle.\"The police have arrested a jeweller, Atul Shahane from Karvenagar, for allegedly purchasing stolen gold chains from the suspects. The police have also arrested Sachin Kamble in this regard. \"We have seized a machine on which Shahane used to melt the stolen gold chains,\" Ghodke said.Commissioner of police Meeran Chadha Borwankar also questioned the suspects. Borwankar announced cash reward of Rs 10,000 each to constables Raju Borde and Baba Dangde.The suspects have been remanded to police custody till January 11 by the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11433924", "title": "Unisex salons gain popularity", "text": "MYSORE: The Heritage City has quietly opened up to a metro culture that was alien to the city, which was known for its tradition and culture sometime ago.When Nishchala Kumar wants to get her hair done, she heads straight to a unisex beauty salon uninhibited. The 23-year-old is one of the growing breed of young guns who are opting for unisex hairdressing salons in the city, giving the mini-metro a new edge. These days stylists are not mere stylists, they are experts who know how to handle both men and women's hair, says the bank employee. \"It makes me feel beautiful. Moreover, I like the ambience of these salons,\" she said, adding that she has no inhibitions visiting a unisex salon. \"I'm alright with it,\" she added. \"When you are getting such professionalism, unisex salons are way better,\" Nishchala said.As the night culture has sneaked into the city led by youths, Mysore is witnessing a growing number of youths heading to unisex beauty parlors, breaking the usual trend. Gone are the days when girls preferred beauty parlours, unisex salons are the in thing now. Initially, when the city was introduced to the new culture, it didn't warm up to it. But now, that is history. People are queuing up for these services now.Rashmi, beauty in-charge at the VLCC said: \"In the initial years, the response was poor. However, it has picked up tremendously and is growing every year. Today, we cater to an extensive crowd.\" Known for its slimming, skin and hair services, the clientele base is good, Rashmi added.Naveen, outlet manager of Green Trends, said: \"The response to unisex salons in Mysore is appreciable. People's response is encouraging and we are planning to start our second outlet,\" he added.The stakeholders say that there is some 40% growth in the number of clients visiting the salons for both men and women in the recent times. The city's own Brilliant Salon at Sharadadevi Nagar also has good clientele. Rani Satish, who runs the salon, said their main intention was to cater to the needs of all members in a family.Proximity to the IT City and heterogeneous culture coupled with disposal incomes has led to a change in lifestyle. This is attracting the young. Vikram Devaiah, 24, said: \"Staff at the unisex parlors are updated about latest fashion and use better styling products.\" They are neatly maintained and hygienic. The ambience is cool too.\"Raj Kumar , the in-charge of Wella Group salon outlets, said they started operation here some four years ago. Business for the first two years was poor, but today it is a different scenario, he added. Vivek Tiwari, a stylist attached to Jawed Habib Skin and Hair Salon, said their customers are mainly North Indians living in Mysore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431026", "title": "Help lands in jail for lodging false rape case against employer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sent a domestic help and another person to judicial custody for implicating the help's former employer in a rape case from which he was acquitted.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau also directed the government to take action and said it is necessary to investigate credentials of the placement agency and the persons running it.\"It is necessary to inquire whether the placement agency is registered or not and whether it is also involved in similar complaints (related to rape) in the past and the outcome of the same if any,\" it said. The court sent the help, Sita Mani, and the brother of the owner of a placement agency, Shyam Lal Lohar, to jail for deposing falsely in the court and contempt of lawful authority.The case is about Sita, who in connivance with Shyam Lal, implicated a man on charges of rape, who remained in jail for nearly two months. Sita had on May 23, 2011 lodged a complaint that the man had raped her when his wife was not at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "11436761", "title": "Players must lead against corruption: Brearley", "text": "CAPE TOWN: Players must \"take ownership\" of the issue of corruption in cricket, according to MCC World Cricket Committee chairman Mike Brearley .Speaking after a two-day meeting of the committee here, former England captain Brearley said corruption had been the most important topic covered because of the dangers it brought to the game.\"We spent a lot of the first day discussing the issue,\" he said.The committee recommended lifetime bans for any captain, vice-captain or coach found guilty of corruption. But it also called for a relaxation of minimum sentences for other players.\"The argument that came from our group, chaired by (former Australia captain) Steve Waugh , is that if people feel emotionally that a penalty is too severe, they may find a player not guilty rather than guilty,\" said Brearley.\"To have a minimum sentence can go against the ideas of ordinary justice.\"The recommendations will be forwarded to the International Cricket Council Anti Corruption and Security Unit (ACSU).ACSU head Sir Ronnie Flanagan was unable to attend the meeting but took part for about 90 minutes in a telephone link-up.\"Possibly the most important thing we did was to bring together the ACSU and representatives of the players with the possibility of it being a more shared activity and responsibility,\" said Brearley.\"The more the players can take ownership of the problem, the more the chance there is of minimising or eradicating it.\"The committee recommended \"mystery shopper\" operations against players already suspected of corrupt activities, investigations into unexplained wealth and for governing bodies to establish gift registers for players.Brearley said it was difficult to know how pervasive corruption was in cricket.\"There are suspicions and rumours. It is extremely hard to know what weight to attach to them. We do know that people acted corruptly a year and a half ago on Pakistan's tour of England. It is an achievement for those people to have been caught and disciplined.\"It was also difficult to know how successful preventative measures had been. \"There have been a larger number of reportings of approaches,\" he said.MCC Head of Cricket John Stephenson said the idea for the \"mystery shopper\" concept had come from the English players' association.\"After consultation with the players, who then know it might be a possibility, you might receive a phone call in terms of spot fixing or some such activity. What we are essentially saying is that it is an offence not to report an approach.\"Former South Africa batsman Barry Richards said the key aspect of the \"mystery shopper\" approach was that it would happen only if there was strong evidence that there was a possibility of corruption.Brearley explained: \"There's a balance to be reached between winning the confidence of the great mass of players, who don't want to be treated like suspects in advance, and having whatever you can have as parts of an armoury to meet this serious threat.\"Brearley indirectly suggested that the spread of Twenty20 cricket gave rise to increased possibilities of corruption.\"The shorter the game, the more flurried the activity, the more possible it is to make arrangements on a certain over, activity or time of the game, and the more difficult it is to spot.\"It was also necessary to focus attention on domestic cricket.\"One of the things Ronnie Flanagan mentioned was displacement activity by criminals. If they can't get something to happen in a Test match or one-day international, they might go to some other match that might seem a very minor match in a domestic competition, especially if it is being shown on television.\"Brearley said there was so much money to be made from betting on cricket, particularly in the Asian sub-continent, that criminals would continually try to find new ways of getting around anti-corruption measures.\"They're going to be cunning, they're going to be ruthless. As with all crime, you have to do all you can do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11429538", "title": "Fake notes racket busted in Amgaon", "text": "GONDIA: An interstate racket dealing with fake notes was unearthed in Amgaon in Gondia district recently. Four persons including a minor have been arrested and an offence has been registered against them. Six fake notes of Rs 1,000 denomination each has been seized from them.According to Gondia Police, a minor came to the shop of a vegetable dealer Sadaram Shiwankar at the weekly market in Amgaon with a Rs 1,000 note. Shiwankar suspected the authenticity of the note and doubted the boy as well. So he called up some fellow vendors who checked it and when they found the note as fake they called police and handed over the boy to the cops.During interrogation the minor told police that he belonged to Majanwaliya village in Mujaffarpur district of Bihar and had gone to Amgaon with three persons who were staying in a hotel in Gondia. Six fake notes of Rs 1,000 each were recovered from the boy, police said.According to the information given by the minor, police laid a trap and arrested three more persons on January 8. They are - Mukesh Kumar Punyadeo (25), Naresh Kumar Mukhya (31) and Mukti Kumar Mukhya - all from Batiya village of Mujaffarpur district. An offence has been registered under section 489(b) and (c) of IPC against them.The minor has been sent to juvenile remand home of Bhandara and other three remanded to custody of Amgaon police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11429362", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Title holders Rajasthan have a point to prove", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan cricket continue to amaze. From no-hopers to being in a position to defend their Ranji Trophy title, coach Amit Asawa's men have repeatedly silenced their critics. Particularly those who thought the title last year was a fluke.\"We have fought against odds and have come out on top. We can do that again,\" Asawa exuded on Monday, on eve of their Ranji Trophy semifinals against Haryana in Lahli near Rohtak.The hosts, not exactly greenhorns, having reached the quarterfinals last year, too would be fancying their chances of reaching the final, with home conditions giving them the edge. In fact, they are more familiar with the foggy, clammy conditions.Skipper Amit Mishra, however, would be happy to be termed as the underdogs, something which he admitted on Monday. The spinner, who has played a pivotal role in his team's success this season, was only too glad to mark Rajasthan as the favourites. \"They are the defending champions,\" he said. So, the pressure will be on the visitors.Rajasthan's amazing victory last season is enough reason for Haryana to feel confident. The hosts, packed with youngsters in the side, have had a good run so far. Like Rajasthan, they have little to lose and everything to gain. Coach Ashwini Kumar would be quite pleased with the way his young guns have fired. Now, he would want them to walk that extra mile.Without two of their stars of last season - Ashok Menaria and Deepak Chahar - Rajasthan are out to show that their team is not about individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433581", "title": "Gulshan Grover rejects film offer to son", "text": "He says he doesn't want Sanjay to follow in his footsteps since acting is an insecure professionBollywood's bad man Gulshan Grover is known for his on-screen histrionics. What is not known is that he is a strict father too. Today, when Bollywood legends are leaving no stone unturned to launch their kids' in the industry, Gulshan is perhaps the only one who does not want his son Sanjay to follow his footsteps.Gulshan revealed to Mumbai Mirror that despite Sanjay being offered a dream debut by Karan Johar , Gulshan turned it down on Sanjay's behalf. \"Acting is the most insecure profession in the world. I don't want Sanjay to go through the hardships and struggle for acquiring a name. There were about 12 offers by leading production houses to launch Sanjay, but I refused. I was more concerned about his education and would prefer him being involved in the business aspect of entertainment,\" said Gulshan.In fact, Gulshan and Sanjay were asked to play the role of father and son in the 2005 Oscar nominee Syriana. Even then, Gulshan did not relent. When contacted, Sanjay told Mumbai Mirror, \"Dad has turned down many acting offers for me including a Hollywood film with George Clooney . As he feels there is a lot that needs to be achieved in the business side of Entertainment.\"It is a known fact that Gulshan has been a single parent since the last 20 years. The father-son duo shares a wonderful, close bond with the other. Sanjay said, \"I am very proud of the acting endeavours of my school mate Sonam Kapoor and childhood friends Prateik and Ranveer Singh. But for me, business side of entertainment and experience in Hollywood is more fascinating.\"Sanjay has studied Entertainment Marketing from UCLA . He is the director of Programming and Administration at MGM Studios in Hollywood. Also, he is in charge of the research and development at MGM's Motion Picture-Asia. \"My post-graduate education in Business of Entertainment from Los Angeles , many years at the head quarters of MGM Studios in LA will some day allow me to be that bridge between Hollywood and Bollywood that we often talk about,\" Sanjay added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430840", "title": "Not paid for 5 months, 89 AI cabin crew refuse to fly", "text": "MUMBAI: Air India has run into serious trouble again. Eighty-nine of its flight attendants, who were rostered on international flights, refused to fly on Monday, leaving the airline scampering for stand-by cabin crew. The flight attendants have not been paid their salaries for two months and sustenance allowance for five months.The number of flight attendants refusing to fly grew through the day and is expected to grow further. Nine of the 89 protesters joined in around 10pm on Monday. They were rostered on flights scheduled to depart from Delhi early on Tuesday. The number is expected to go up and affect airline operations. Air India spokespersons were not available for comment.Sustenance or subsistence allowance is paid in foreign exchange and goes towards unavoidable expen- ditures like lunch and dinner when the cabin crew is on a layover in between flights. \"Since August we have been paying from our pockets for expenses incurred in foreign countries,'' said a flight attendant. \"We have received zero salary since the last two months. We cannot afford to fly on international flights and pay for our lunch, dinner abroad any longer. We are not flying as we have no money to pay for food abroad,'' another crew member added.The cabin crew on protest are members of All-India Cabin Crew Association and operate Air India international flights to destinations in the US, Europe, Riyadh and Jeddah in the Middle East. They comprise about 1,200 of the 1,600 cabin crew of erstwhile Indian Airlines , which operates about 23 international flights a day. The rest belong to the management cadre. But reports doing rounds among AI flight attendants late in the evening was that quite a few from the management cadre crew too have refused to fly.If the airline does not make peace, the coming days are likely to see flight cancellations and delays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11431450", "title": "Sub-jail road reels under encroachment by vendors", "text": "TRICHY: Even though the police department enforced strict action against encroachments, onion vendors and others pay little heed to the authorities and continue to occupy the Sub-Jail Road in Trichy, thus causing traffic jams during peak hours. From Mayilan Santhai, which is one end of the sub-jail road to the end of the other, the vendors encroach upon the little spaces for heaping the onions during the day as well as in the evening.Due to this, buses, lorries, two-wheelers and other vehicles plying on the road face a tough time to move leading to traffic jams most of the time. As if this is not enough, the dust accumulated due to onions cause air pollution on the entire stretch and those using the road bear the brunt.Bharatha Raja, national president of Global Human Rights Organisation told TOI that there was no traffic movement for a very long time, as the onion vendors had encroached the road on both sides. However, the lorries used to come only for loading and unloading the onions. It was during that time Karuna Sagar took charge as the commissioner of police. He ordered the vendors to remove the encroachments, after taking into consideration the inconvenience caused to the public.However, as soon as he was shifted from Trichy, the vendors started encroaching upon the road once again. The police department was also allegedly lethargic to keep the nuisance under control.M Sekaran, a member of the Road Safety Council chaired by the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan said that when there was a strict enforcement of action against encroachment, the vendors were planning to shift their shops to their own land situated on the by-pass road. As and when the police was reluctant to curb the encroachment, the vendors dropped their plan of making inroads on the sub-jail road.Though representations were made to the officials concerned, there was no action taken so far, he added.When contacted, A Thangaraj, secretary of Trichy Vengaya Saraga Mandi Varthaga Sangam admitted that there is no other place for shifting their business. Since the land owned by their association is in dispute, they cannot shift there.He also suggested that the administration can make use of the 48 acres land in Ariyamangalam to construct a market, so that all the wholesale vendors will move there and the city roads can be made congestion-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11429848", "title": "Birders rejoice as winged visitors flock state's lakes, wetlands", "text": "MAPUSA: The wet paddy fields along the bridge connecting Marna to Gaunsavaddo in Siolim between November and January are a bird watcher's paradise. Locals and foreign tourists, cameras mounted on tripods, knee-deep in the watery fields, at the crack of dawn to get that perfect picture of migratory and resident is not uncommon.While the winged visitors have started flocking the state's lakes and wetlands, open-billed storks, wood sandpipers, bronze-winged jacanas and pheasant-tailed jacanas can be seen pecking at their prey in the fields at Siolim.\"The ideal time for bird watching is at sunrise or sun set. I've managed to take many pictures of different species of birds. It is really a wonderful site,\" said local bird watcher Valerian Britto, referring to the Siolim field.In fact, in 2009, the students of the nearby Holy Cross high school had spotted 35 species of migratory and resident birds there,\" a source said.Bird migration is a natural process which occurs after birds from distant parts of the country fly to other parts to escape the cold climate back home. They then staythere after finding a suitable habitat for feeding, breeding and raising their young ones.Many migratory birds can be traced to the wetlands across North Goa, including Siolim, from November to January or a little later. \"Many foreigners arrive here before sunrise with their cameras, and often even enter the wet fields to take pictures of the birds,\" said Reuben D'Souza, a local bird lover.Birders say that many of the sites have the potential to become regular bird-watching sites, but worry that too many people flocking the area may have an adverse impact.\"Many sites are neglected by local bird watchers,\" said Parag Rangnekar, state co-coordinator of Goa Bird Conservation Network (GBCN).Concurring with him, another GBCN member, Pankaj Lad, said, \"There are many spots in South Goa which are not yet explored.\" He added that more trips for enthusiasts have to be organized to create awareness about these sites.But some birders are cautious about unwanted development around these sites or the effect of too much publicity. \"In a way, it is good that these sites have not been publicized as bird destinations. Tourists and bird watchers should not turn these sites into picnic spots as this may drive away the birds,\" a birder said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11431556", "title": "Change begins with your vote", "text": "Think Punjab and two images emerge - verdant green fields and its youth, tall and sturdy. They represent life, vigour and, hope. So, Punjab has it all. All it needs to be number 1. Not quite. If the burden of being India's food bowl for decades has cast a shadow on the green expanse, youth is disillusioned - no industries, hardly any creation of jobs, no interest in agriculture and dreaming of a life abroad.As the state gets ready to decide again, with judgment day on January 30, both will weigh heavy on Punjab, more so the youth factor. And, they form a sizeable number this time - more than 15 per cent of the electorate comprises those between 20 and 29 years. And, there are a sizeable number of first time voters, a force surely to reckon with.Exciting times, indeed. As a newspaper, TOI has written about the good, the bad and the ugly - because that's life. But, we have never stopped believing in the power of good -- or as A R Rahman said during the Oscars in 2009 - \"the power of hope.\"We also believe that this hope stems from the inspiration to bring about a change, to be the change. In this endeavour, TOI is with the people of Punjab, especially its youth. Lead India, which we launch today, is built around the elections in the state. It will be TOI's endeavour to help you over the next three weeks, through our extensive research and analysis, to choose your MLA well.When TOI launched its first Lead India campaign on the 60th anniversary of India's Independence in 2007, we pegged it around \"D.O.\" and said: \"The last time we decided to do or die, it changed the map of the world. Today, everybody's eyes are on us again. Thinking can happen from an arm chair but doing is the only way to get things done.\"And, there is a lot to do. If progress hasn't come at a pace that the state deserved, our chosen representatives have hardly done justice to the faith reposed in them. Sample this: The Punjab Assembly has just 84 sittings in the last five years, clocking 268 hours, with some sessions recordings just a couple of sittings.While the standard of debate in the Assembly has fallen, a number of frivolous bills - many of which were rolled back later - were passed as the Opposition resorted to walkouts.The despondency is showing outside too. When TOI correspondents asked medal winners in state-level athletes about their future plans, they all said their aim was to join Punjab Police. The youth seems to have forgotten to dream.Though Punjab has not lost all its vibrancy, it has begun wallowing in self-pity. Water table is going down, debt burden is going up, no industry, no jobs - the complaint list just grows.It's time you came forward to change this into a list of hope, of a new Punjab. It's time to DO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11435246", "title": "This is a never told story of Mahadev: Surbhi", "text": "Producer Nikhil Sinha's Dev O Ka Dev Mahadev on LIfe Ok is gaining in popularity with every passing day. And one actor who is basking in glory is Surbhi Shukla, the lady who is playing Rohini's character in the show. Incidentally this is not Surbhi's first mythological show. She has already done a show titled Suryapuran on Pragya channel.Surbhi is also waiting for her first Bhojpuri film as a lead to release soon. Though she has done other films, this is the first one as a lead. \"\"Initially I was selected to play the character of Revati but later on the creative team thought that I would fit better in this.I was delighted to accept that.Everyone in my family, including me, is very spiritual and when this one came my way I said Yes without thinking anything.\"\" Surbhi feels the story of Mahadev narrates many untold, unheard stories on Lord Shiva and that is the reason it is gaining in popularity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430324", "title": "GHMC to take action against guilty contractors", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) commissioners M T Krishna Babu has directed officials to list out black-listed contractors and initiate action against the guilty ones.The commissioner held a meeting with GHMC Contractors' Association on Monday. He asked the contractors to submit the list of works which were completed more than a one month ago and bills not yet prepared. He said action would also be taken against engineers concerned and settle their pending bills within 15 days. But, the commissioner said, random checking of the completed works would be done before clearing the bills.Krishna Babu asked the contractors to complete works within the stipulated time as the work orders were given only after all clearances. He also informed that works would be cancelled if contractors failed to complete them even after double the period of the expiry of time.The contractors requested the commissioner to refund the EMD amount after the completion of maintenance works instead of waiting for two years for which commissioner directed the engineering-in-chief to take steps for clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11429972", "title": "Snapshots of the world translated on canvas", "text": "KOLKATA: Imagine shooting the Iguazu Falls in the middle of the night, with its foaming white waters tumbling down a steep rocky face, hissing through rocks and boulders before converging in a mass of blurred droplets. Or, crossing the Atlantic on a two-propellor aircraft to capture giant icebergs - some of them over 500 feet tall - in Greenland . Or, standing on a still shaking ground in Iceland to film the eruption of ash from the Grimsvotn volcano.It would be any adventurer's dream to go on a leopard's trail at South Africa's Kruger Park and shoot the animal lurking on a tree. Few lensmen have had the chance to capture the icy-blue, translucent glacial peaks of Patagonia in South America eitherSumantra Banerjee, corporate bigwig and technocrat-par-excellence, can claim to have done all that and more. He has been living his passion - photography - for the last six years. The managing director of CESC squeezes out intervals between a busy schedule to travel to some of the remotest corners of the earth and shoot nature in its full glory. He has alsocaptured breathtaking images of landscape, wildlife and architecture in ruins. One hundred and eighty-four of his photographs, printed on canvas and elegantly framed, will be on display at an exhibition titled 'Dream on Canvas' at the Emami Towers from January 13 to 15. Also a philanthropist, the proceeds from the sale of his photographs will go to charity.Banerjee says he loves to shoot in places where few have tread. \"Geographically, I have covered almost the entire globe from Australia to the Americas. I have been to the North and South Poles. I have been to the Eqi glacier and sailed to the Disko Bay in a small fishing boat. And I have shot the Grand Canyon from the co-pilot's seat of an aircraft. All these have been wonderful experiences but I have got the biggest satisfaction by capturing them on camera. It's only when I see the result on print that I start cherishing the experience. So far, it's been a wonderful journey,\" says Banerjee.A keen photographer in his younger days, professional compulsions had forced him to put away the camera for about two decades. In 2005, he decided to revive his passion. Ever since, Banerjee has been planning his holidays accordingly. \"I avoid the usual London-Paris routine that many of my corporate colleagues do. Some think I am mad to travel to places like Peru and Iceland where journeying could be hazardous and physically demanding. But I love it,\" says Banerjee who travels with his wife and sometimes with \"a group of like-minded individuals\".It has often been taxing, though. Once, while he was on his way to Ushuaia in South America, - considered to be the southern-most tip of the world -Banerjee and his wife got stranded. The only flight from Trulu, where he had been camping, got cancelled following a flash strike called by the airline union. \"It could take a week for the dispute to be resolved, we were told. Next morning, we went back to the airport but the flight didn't take off. Eventually, we boarded a bus that travelled 24 hours to Ushuaia. It left us exhausted but we got some breathaking photos,\" he recalls. Banerjee also travelled to Lake Titicaca in Peru. \"It's at 11,000 feet and I went there without oxygen,\" he says. And he is not done as yet.Banerjee plans to travel to Alaska and take pictures of grizzly bears catching salmons in icy lakes. \"I would also love to visit Churchill, way above the Arctic circle in Canada . There, I hope to catch the aurora borealis. It would be one fascinating experience and I hope to return with a few breathtaking frames as well,\" Banerjee gushes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11436366", "title": "Seann William Scott's American Pie worries", "text": "Seann William Scott thinks it would be \"awful\" for his career if he made another 'American Pie' movie.The 35-year-old actor reprises his role as Steve Stifler in 'American Reunion' and says going back to the franchise was so much fun, he would love to continue the series, though he is unsure it would be a wise move professionally.He said: \"I have never had as much fun as I had on 'American Reunion'. I was just so happy to go back and play around with the guys that I started my career with. The chemistry that we all have, yeah it was great, so much so that I would probably do another one, I had that much fun - which would probably be awful for my career - but I had a really awesome time.\"Seann would love to appear in a more \"serious\" movie but anticipates the future holds more comedy work and sequels to his famous previous films.Asked what he is doing next, he told movies.ie: \"I have no idea! I haven't read anything that I really liked, but I am not too stressed about it. Who knows? I would love to do something more serious, but I will probably end up doing 'American Pie 5' or 'Dude, Where's My Car Again?' \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431498", "title": "Shops in PU fined", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Encroachment outside eating joints and shops at Panjab University's student hub-the student centre has cost the shopowners dear. Following complaints from students, a fine of Rs 5,000 was imposed on owners for keeping vegetables, utensils, plates, etc in the open. On his visit to the student centre on Monday, vice-chancellor R C Sobti inspected the area and levied a fine on these joints.\"Infringement was found outside shops near the AC Joshi library, where cycles of employees, utensils, eatable material were all kept outside. This could even have an adverse impact on what is being served at student centre to students. On his visit to student centre, the VC instantly imposed a fine on the shop owners,\" said Panjab University Campus Student Council ( PUCSC) president Pushpinder Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430989", "title": "\u2018Ghost\u2019 villain enacted abduction drama to buy booze", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after aspiring actor Manish Upadhyay - a villain in the upcoming flick Ghost - was arrested, cops claimed the abduction was the \"accused's desperate attempt to buy a bottle of booze under the influence of alcohol\". Manish was not even carrying a weapon, said cops. \"He was already drunk but he wanted more. He didn't realize that he was committing a grave offence,\" said a south district police officer.Manish's associates, though, said they had never seen him in this avatar. Manish was drawn to the world of cinema and theatre from an early age. He pursued a course in acting at the Sriram Centre after completing Class 12. He was actively involved in various productions in the city before he moved to Mumbai one-and-and-half years ago. An assistant director's friend recommended Manish's name for a small appearance in the film Ghost after he worked in two television serials,\" said Puja Jatinder Bedi, the director of the movie.\"He didn't even have to audition for the role, that of a yogi - a sidekick to the villain with less than five minutes of screen space. He has a few dialogues though,'' said Bedi, adding she didn't have much knowledge about the arrest.Sources said that Manish grew closer to co-accused Mohit Tokas, 28, a national-level boxer, when the duo stayed in Sarojini Nagar before the actor shifted to CRPF Colony in Nagafgarh. \"He had a flair for boxing. His friendship with Tokas was only natural,'' said a source.The two were reportedly drunk and committed the crime to rob cash for another round of drinks. A brazen Manish told reporters on Sunday that he had 'enacted' the abduction to draw inspiration from real life for a script. \"The two were drunk and needed money for another drink. They hoped to get a car to drive to Gurgaon and buy liquor. They threatened to kill driver Jogesh Pal and guard Jaiveer while holding them hostage for over an hour. They broke the law for just a bottle of liquor, where is the question of real life experiments?'' said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma. She, however, denied rumours about the accused being after the woman employee who was dropped at Munirka.A confident Manish had brushed aside charges on Sunday that he was \"trying to promote himself'' through his follies. \"I am a script writer and I need inspiration,'' he had said, denying that this was a way to promote his film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11432977", "title": "Women ransack Rasulgarh liquor shop", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Furious over liquor destroying the fabric of many a family, a group of women ransacked a licensed country liquor outlet at Rasulgarh on Monday, destroying liquor worth over Rs 1 lakh. They demanded immediate relocation of the shop from the locality.Armed with sticks and brooms, the women stormed into the shop and went on a rampage. Caught unawares, the liquor shop employees scurried for cover. The women, who hailed from neighbouring villages of Rasulgarh area, damaged liquor raw material, two refrigerators and bikes.\"The liquor shop led to family disturbances in our village. The government should not encourage liquor sale in the locality. It should be relocated immediately,\" said one Saudamini Dalei.The liquor shop owner Ramakanta Pradhan lodged an FIR, alleging the women ransacked his \"licensed\" shop, which had been functioning in the area since 2001. \"The miscreants also decamped with cash worth Rs 55,000 from my shop,\" he said. No arrest was made till evening.Bhubaneswar excise superintendent Laxmidhar Behera rushed to the spot and wrote a letter to the excise commission, seeking security for licensed liquor shops in the city. \"Licensed liquor shops are often coming under attack in the city. One such shop was recently vandalized in Kharavel Nagar,\" Behera said. There are six country liquor joints in Bhubaneswar.Earlier on December 4 last year, aggrieved over police inaction in controlling the sale of hooch in their locality, a number of women of Dhirkuti slum under Mancheswar police limit had ransacked some unauthorized liquor shops. Some women under the banner of Maa Mangala Adibasi Harijan Mahila Samiti had ransacked a liquor shop in Kharavel Nagar on July 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11436474", "title": "On Jan-15, Bollywood will run for Mijwan: Shabana Azmi", "text": "Actress par excellence Shabana Azmi is quite gung-ho about the forthcoming 90th birthday celebrations of Kaifi Azmi, who was born on January 19.Shabana enthusiastically informs: \"I'm privileged to be my parents' daughter and I'm trying to take abba's dream forward. He wanted his native village Mijwan to be a progressive place. And it gives me tremendous pleasure to see a girls' school, college and a computer centre in Mijwan today, where girls are learning courses on Skype from people all over the world. Abba wanted women to go out and conquer the world and he practised this mantra at home too. On January 15, Bollywood will run for Mijwan. Stars like Ranbir Kapoor , Preity Zinta , Diya Mirza , Rohit and Ronit Roy and many others will be running for the little girls of Mijwan in Mumbai Marathon! I'm really overwhelmed with all this support being lent to a cause that is so dear to me!\"She, however, refuses to take any credit for having brought her father's dreams in Mijwan to reality, and says: \"The credit for bringing in a radical change in Mijwan goes to Namrata Goel, who is aviation tycoon Naresh Goel's daughter. I just mentioned it to her once, and that young girl toiled hard to make Mijwan a well-known name through her charitable efforts. I have a firm belief that youngsters today are geared up for any challenge. Just have faith in their abilities, and see how they create magic in all arenas!\"Personal dreams apart, which are the projects on professional front that are keeping her on her toes? \"Right now I'm looking forward to my two forthcoming projects - one by Mira Nair and another by Deepa Mehta . I will start a mainstream Bollywood project in February, but I can't speak about it till it is finalised,\" says she and signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429920", "title": "Travails of a dysfunctional family", "text": "PUNE: \"They say blood is thicker than water. Maybe that's why we battle our own with more energy and gusto than we would ever expend on strangers,\" quotes an eminent author, rightly recapitulating 'August: Osage County', a gripping theatrical oeuvre, adapted and directed in India by Lillete Dubey.Staged at the Alpa Bachat Bhavan, as part of the Times Pune Festival, 'August: Osage County' unremittingly portrays the skewed dynamics of a dysfunctional and modern family - all the egos, issues, secrets and infidelities of its members, intertwined to make for a hard-hitting tragicomedy crafted to perfection.The anticipation was palpable as the erudite group of theatre connoisseurs, thronging the 1,200-seater auditorium, waited to behold a set of premium theatrical virtuosos in action - from Sandhya Mridul, Kitu Gidwani, Suchitra Pillai, Meeta Vasisht, Ira Dubey to Amar Talwar, Denzil Smith, Rajeev Siddhartha, Auritra Ghosh and Maneesh Verma.The prologue unwinds into a Christian household, supposedly based in Goa. Leon (Denzil Smith) is the intoxicated patriarch of a clan that appears to be coming apart at the seams. Dubey adeptly slips into the character of his wife, Violet, an acerbic, pill-popping mother of three: oldest daughter Barbara (Sandhya Mridul), middle daughter Ivy (Suchitra Pillai) and third daughter Karen (Meeta Vasisht). The first scene shows Leon in discussion with Joanna (Ira Dubey) for hiring her in the capacity of a house-help.Weeks later, the inebriated Leon disappears, which results in the gradual reassembling of all family members at the household to show support to Violet. Violet's sister Mattie Fae (Kitu Gidwani) makes an appearance with her fussy significant other Danny (Amar Talwar).Barbara, who arrives with husband Ash (Maneesh Verma) and teenaged daughter Jean (Auritra Ghosh), who is addicted to cannabis, seems to be in constant conflict with her overly-medicated mother - the perfect setting for an exchange of sardonic but hilarious one-liners between the two.The missing patriarch is discovered dead days later and the play flows through highlighting the heartache of each family member. Karen, who arrives with her fiance, Steve (Denzil Smith), is coping with her own demons and seems obsessed with her imminent wedding. As the plot uncoils, Steve comes across as a downright philanderer, who is seen flirting with Barbara's daughter Jean. Smith's acting prowess is worth a mention at this point in time, as he adroitly slips into the character of the inebriated patriarch Leo and later effortlessly assumes the role of a flirtatious Steve.In this drama of 13 characters, situations come to an uncontrollable boiling point, when almost every member of the family seems entrenched in his/her own battle, which is mostly with the psyche. Addictions, infidelity, intolerance, prejudices, superficiality and other vices exhibited by the family members begin to see the light of day and skeletons are soon out of the closet.\"The two acts are beautifully arranged to create a veritable masterpiece. Each major occurrence in the play twists it a little more. Mattie having a secret affair with her sister Violet's husband in the past, Ivy having a secret affair with Mattie's illegitimate son, Little Dan (Rajeev Siddhartha), Barbara's efforts to hide a failing marriage and Violet's caustic disposition - all culminating into the final showdown, when the main protagonist, Violet, is left alone in the house with her maid, Joanna. It is a beautifully enacted play,\" said Isha Jaswal, a member of the audience.\"The play is slow and displays a lot of subtle humour and intricacies. The characters seem real and surreal at the same time. Also, the use of levels and depth in the sets is wonderful, as well as the fabulous furniture which gives a very old-world feel. It has a feeling of homecoming, to a place that has fallen apart while you were not looking,\" said Hina Siddiqui, another theatre enthusiast.\"Lillete has undoubtedly proved that she is an actor of the highest order. The juncture at which Violet picks on one or the other debility of her family members - castigating each of them - is immensely intriguing. Also, her conversations with Ivy and constant bickering after Leon goes missing are particularly interesting. Every punch-line she employs to belittle a fellow member of the clan has both a dark and a humourous side to it. It is a treat to watch her play this role,\" said Nupur Rawat, another member of the audience.\"The plot is so intricate and, yet, its crux has been effortlessly brought out - each character exhibiting different scales of emotional damage, which only makes one wonder how things can go so horribly wrong in a family. Then you realise that the play, in fact, is a sneak preview into most modern-day families, fraught with addictions, mental issues and the associated frustrations that push its members over the brink,\" said Anuja Ghosh, another theatre-goer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11429881", "title": "TMC to field 40 candidates at polls", "text": "PANAJI: Mamata Banerjee's All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) has decided to field almost 40 candidates in Goa for the forthcoming general assembly election. The aim is to get recognized as a national party, newly-appointed state TMC president Wilfred de Souza said. Besides Goa, TMC will be contesting in Uttar Pradesh and Manipur.Admitting to having accepted the post of the state TMC president, de Souza said, \"I have been authorized to fight the assembly elections and TMC will probably field candidates in all the 40 seats.\"Stating that people view the Congress as corrupt and BJP as communal, de Souza said that TMC is a clean party.He added that TMC will not give tickets to persons with a corrupt or criminal background, but did not elaborate on when the candidates would be finalized.De Souza said TMC will fight the election on the issues of corruption, illegal mining, garbage and medium of instruction. \"Let the people decide. These his are the issues we will take to them,\" he said.He added that TMC is open to an alliance only with those parties which do not field corrupt and criminal candidates.\"TMC will emerge as a third alternative in this election. I will release the TMC manifesto soon,\" de Souza added.The 84-year-old former chief minister has been instrumental in ushering quite a few national party units in Goa, including the Indian National Congress , NCP and also co-founding the Goa Congress and Goa Rajiv Congress in the state.The main parties fighting the election in Goa will be Congress with NCP as a possible alliance partner, and BJP which is attempting to align with regional party-Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party.During the 2007 election, 12 different parties contested the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430019", "title": "Doors are open, why don't they leave, asks TMC", "text": "KOLKATA: Busy with Bengal Leads 2012, Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Monday left it to the junior leaders to take on their coalition partner. And the juniors carried out the duty with all earnestness, snubbing the Congress left, right and centre.\"We have kept the doors open for them. They still refuse to leave (the cabinet). When the CM said they (Congress) were free to leave the alliance, their leader responded that people wanted them to be there. People did want them - but as MLAs, and not as ministers,\" said Subrata Mukherjee, addressing a youth rally at Mayo Road.But it was Madan Mitra - Trinamool's newly appointed observer for Malda, Murshidabad and North Dinajpur - who took the attack to a new low, with vicious and avoidable personal attacks on Congress MP Deepa Das Munshi. He even warned that it was only the beginning and if Congress leaders didn't restrain themselves, \"more will follow\".Trinamool mandarins made it clear that the party will go on the offensive in Congress bastions of Malda, Murshidabad, North Dinajpur and Manas Bhunia's home turf, Sabang.Without naming Bhunia, Partha Chatterjee said: \"A leader from Midnapore has been talking a lot. Let him win an election without using Mamata's pictures.\"Just a few days ago, Bhunia had challenged Mamata on the issue of fertilizer subsidy. Speaking out against that, Chatterjee said: \"You can't kiss a frog and a snake at the same time. The doors are open. If one wants to walk out, one is free to do that. Nobody will stop.\"Trinamool youth wing's state president Subhendu Adhikary said the party will hold a rally on January 18 at Sabang, followed by rallies in Malda, Murshidabad and North Dinajpur. \"The Congress and CPM - with their weak support base - have launched a vicious and false campaign against us. Whose hands are they strengthening? People should know how they are impeding the growth process initiated by Mamata Banerjee,\" Adhikary said.Congress minister Manoj Chakraborty, on the other hand, said at Writers': \"The Trinamool Congress is not following the coalition dharma. They need to be more restrained. We have come to the government following decisions on formation of a coalition government, and not due to anyone's charity,\" Chakraborty said.Chakraborty held that if the Trinamool Congress could be a part of the government at the Centre and still oppose issues like FDI in retail sector, even the Congress could oppose the coalition government in the state and oppose the Trinamool on certain issues.\"The state government has been criticised in the episodes at Raigunj and Majdia colleges,\" the minister said. According to the minister, the way Congress had control over the panchayat in Murshidabad, if the panchayat elections were to be held right away, the zilla parishad would be in the Congress' control.Answering a question, Chakraborty said that he and the other Congress ministers were following instructions from the top brass in the party all along and would bow out of the government if any such instructions come, but not otherwise. \"Ours is a national party. The party is keeping a close watch on the entire situation all along,\" Chakraborty said.Congress MP Adhir Chowdhury said, \"There is a difference between the issue's we've raised and the type of attacks they're directing at us. An aversion to criticism isn't healthy in any democracy. Raising issues and quitting alliance aren't the same thing. Trinamool should know better. Had they believed in that, they wouldn't have been a partner in the UPA-II.\" On Trinamool taking their attack to the Congress strongholds, Adhir was very forthright, \"If you look at it, this always has been their intention. Awarding those defecting from Congress with Rajya Sabha tickets to making space for all Congress rebels. When it becomes a threat to our political existence, we will fight it. Isn't that natural,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431065", "title": "Okhla waste plant to come under green scan", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the next three months, the Delhi environment department and Delhi Pollution Control Board (DPCC) will intensively monitor operation of the Okhla waste-to-energy plant.Reacting to a TOI report about possible emissions from the plant since it became functional on January 3, the environment secretary visited the area on Sunday and said that while everything seemed to be in order at present, the government would keep a close watch on the plant as work is gradually scaled up in the next few months.Jindal Ecopolis, the project manager, received a 'consent to operate' from DPCC in December 2011. \"So far, everything seems to be alright and emissions are well within the prescribed limit; but we will try and have information pertaining to emissions made available online so that apprehensions of residents and other parties can be quelled,\" said Keshav Chandra, environment secretary.\"A very small amount of waste is being incinerated right now. The smoke that is being seen from the chimney is essentially steam. However, one cannot be sure whether emissions would stay under the prescribed norms once the full capacity of the plant is utilized. For three months, there should be intensive monitoring after which a protocol will be prepared for further monitoring,\" said a source.A senior government official said it has also been proposed to ask Jindal to make incineration temperature available online. \"Studies have shown that a temperature of 850 degrees Celsius or above is sufficient to ensure that incineration is safe. If that data is available online every 15 minutes or so, it would become easier to ensure that operations are normal. The matter will be taken up with the management soon,\" said a source.The government's interest in the project stems largely from the massive protests that have greeted the plant. While not batting outrightly for the project, the government is cautiously promoting the need for the technology as \"Delhi is battling with a problem of waste disposal and if this plant is also shut, no other solution is likely in the immediate future\". Central Pollution Control Board is also carrying out a study to ensure that the technology being used is safe and viable. A report is expected to be submitted by them shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11431019", "title": "Pongal joy for T Nagar shopkeepers", "text": "With just five days to Pongal, shopkeepers in T Nagar are glad that the Supreme Court has finally allowed them to open their shops though they are disappointed that they have missed the shopping season before the harvest festival.\"Though we have missed most of the festive season, I hope the crowds come back for last minute shopping,\" said Saddam Hussain , who is selling innerwear outside his former workplace.On a Monday afternoon, Ranganathan Street was crowded again but shopkeepers say the numbers do not compare to previous years. \"The crowds were good on Sunday but we did not sell even 50% of what we would have usually sold on the weekend before a major festive day,\" said Mayandi, selling pillow covers in a small kiosk, in front of the store where he used to work.Many of the people who used to work in the shops, which were closed when the CMDA cracked down on buildings that had violated development norms, have set up makeshift stalls in front of the shops. \"When the shops open on Tuesday, we will just take our goods into the shop and continue to sell them,\" said A S Chitra who runs a textile shop.With the shops planning to resume sales on Tuesday, the management and the owners of bigger shops like Pothys are hopeful of staff returning to work. While many from southern Tamil Nadu have returned home, some were given work in other branches. \"At the last hearing, we were expecting a favourable decision and alerted the staff. All of them will report for duty on Tuesday,\" said advocate for Saravana Stores Raj Sekhar. He said they were paid for the last two months despite being out of work.While the shopkeepers are upbeat about reopening, residents who bear the brunt of commercialization aren't excited. V S Jayaram , a resident of Motilal Street, said that many bylanes off Usman Road were being converted into parking lots. \"With more shops, more garbage is expected,\" he said.Turn of eventsSince 1999, shops in T Nagar have attracted attention for violating Government's building normsFeb 28, 1999 |Supreme Court mandated cut-off date for buildings with violations. Any structure built after this date is liable for penal actionAug 28, 2006 |The Madras high court strikes down the state government's regularization scheme and also appoints a monitoring committeeNov 24, 2006 |State government's special leave petition against the order forming a monitoring committee dismissed by the Supreme CourtJul 27, 2007 |First ordinance issued by the Tamil Nadu government granting one year moratorium on action against illegal buildingsNov 13, 2007 |Ordinance squashed by the Madras high courtDec 4, 2007 |Supreme Court grants status quo on action against illegal buildings, and it was extended periodicallyMar 15, 2011 |Supreme Court vacates status quo and gives a free hand to the Madras high court to decide on pending casesAug 12, 2011 |High court gives two months time to civic bodies to file an action taken report (ATR)Oct 12, 2011 |High court calls the ATR an eye-wash , and pulls up civic authorities for not demolishing a single building during the two months. Asks civic heads to file individual affidavits on action against violatorsOct 31, 2011 |The CMDA and Corporation of Chennai seal 25 buildings in T NagarNov 1, 2011 |High court gives its nod for lock and seal drive, and also wants the drive to continueNov 11, 2011 |Affected traders move the Supreme Court saying they were not heard by HC. The apex court orders maintenance of status quo and asks high court to decide the matter expeditiouslyDec 20, 2011 |HC reserves its ordersDec 21, 2011 |HC asks shop owners to approach the monitoring committee with requisite details for remedy. Matters adjourned to fourth week of January 2012Jan 9, 2011 |SC orders desealing of 27 shops and establishments in T Nagar. Directs the opening of premises for six weeks during which the Madras HC will try to dispose off the matter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429691", "title": "CBI to produce 2 witnesses in Kesri case", "text": "PATNA: The court of special CBI judge, Bashishtha Narayan Singh, on Monday allowed the petition of CBI for production of two witnesses - Dr J P Yadav, and ASI of Khazanchihat police station, Purnia, Madhuri Kumari - for recording their evidence in the case of murder of Purnia MLA Raj Kishore Kesri. The court issued summons to them to appear before it on January 12.Kesri was stabbed by Rupam Pathak on January 4, 2011, at his residence and succumbed to his injuries at the hospital the same day. An FIR was registered at Khazanchihat police station. Investigation of the case was later handed over to the CBI and the related criminal case is being tried by the Special CBI court, Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "11431458", "title": "Villagers determined to save migratory birds", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Vagaikulam tank at Veerasamuthiram near Alwarkurichi in Tirunelveli district hosts a large number of migratory birds from October to April every year. Among them are Black-headed Ibis, Little Cormorant, Indian Cormorant, Oriental Darter, Purple Heron, Grey Heron, Open-billed stork and other varieties.However, this beautiful tank has become a concern for villagers as well as ornithologists and naturalists, because the trees in the tank were leased for cutting by the social forestry department and a few trees were felled before the villagers stopped the contractor.M Mathivanan, assistant field coordinator from ATREE's Agasthyamalai Community-based Conservation Centre (ACCC), an environmental NGO, said these birds come from Siberia and Australia in October and November. They form nests and after hatching chicks, go back in April.\"Our recent survey witnessed about 11,000 birds belonging to 25 species. The Acacia trees, on which the bird nests are, are ordered to be cut by the Forest Department even though birds use them. Enough representations have been made by villagers and naturalists seeking action. A few trees were cut before the birds came to nest but people from Veerasamuthiram panchayat protested against the cutting and revenue officials took action to temporarily stop it,\" he said. The Forest Department says this is not a potential bird habitat as there were no birds during the forest officials' visit in the off-season. Also, the forest department indicated that the birds came once in 10 years to this tank, which was not true, and was in contradiction to the people's observations. ATREE records show that it's one of the regularly used nesting and roosting site for birds, he added.A Nagoor Kani, panchayat president of Veerasamuthiram, said they had observed that birds were coming to the tank for last 10 years. Unfortunately, the trees were auctioned during the previous government and the villagers stopped the contractor when he attempted to cut the trees. The tank can be turned into a bird sanctuary, for some species stay in the tank permanently, other than migratory birds, he said. The first resolution the panchayat passed after local body elections was to stop the felling of trees, and urging the government to turn the tank into a bird sanctuary, he said. Poomani, a villager, said the huge tank spread over 100 acres was an important means of irrigation for 300 acres in the village. The water was natural fertiliser for lands due to bird droppings and aqua culture was also profitable due to the reason.The villagers have determined to safeguard the birds, which is the reason they don't burst crackers for Diwali. Poaching of birds is prohibited and boys, if found stoning birds, will be warned, he said. People have reached a point where they protect birds voluntarily, and if they find any injured chicks straying, they even treat them and release them back into the trees, he said.The villagers want to protect the tank and convert it into a bird sanctuary. For this, they have approached the court to stay the felling of trees. The district administration and forest department should come forward to take steps to protect this bird habitat. Also, more trees have to be planted since some trees have been cut in the tank, Mathivanan said. Tirunelveli District Forest Officer, Social Forestry, Dinker Kumar, said that the department will go by norms prescribed by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430955", "title": "Senior citizen couple assaulted in Isanpur, jewellery worth Rs 1.34 lakh robbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A senior citizen couple was assaulted in the wee hours of Monday in Isanpur by unknown assailants.The couple's son has filed a complaint of assault and theft of Rs 1.34 lakh from his residence. Police investigators are waiting for the victims to come to senses at the hospital to know the details of the incident.It was a shocking sight for Sonal Patel, 35, a resident of Shivam Society in Isanpur, when she came down from her first floor to the ground floor of her house on Monday morning. The floor, where her in-laws reside, had its back door ajar and Ambalal, 76, her father-in-law, and Kamlaben, 70, her mother-in-law, were lying in pools of blood. The nearby residents rushed on the spot after hearing her shrieks at 6.15 am and informed the city police control room about the incident.\"EMRI 108 emergency vehicle came to the spot and transferred the duo to a private hospital in Maninagar. The duo had sustained severe injuries on their faces and skulls. The assailants had hit them repeatedly with a blunt object. Ambalal was worst hit with his skull broken due to blows. They are the only persons who had seen the assailants. They are still unconscious and under observation. Their statement can reveal the mystery of how the incident took place,\" said A K Marwada, inspector of Isanpur police station.Police investigators said that Sonal was working on a sewing machine till 1 am the previous night. She then went upstairs and slept. Prashant, her husband, had been to Mumbai and was scheduled to come on Monday morning. On Monday, she woke up early as she had to prepare her twin daughters for school. She called up Prashant who had just arrived in the city.\"The series of events hints at the time of assault being between 1 am and 6 am. However, one of the neighbours, living diagonally opposite to Patel, told us that he had heard some noises around 4 am but he thought that the senior citizens might have woken up early. We thus believe that it might have happened between 3 am and 4 am. The assailants stole gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 1.34 lakh from a safe in the bedroom. The key was lying nearby. There are two possibilities - it can either be a theft attempt went awry or a planned robbery,\" said Marwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430904", "title": "Fee regulation committee notifies PDPU", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The fee regulation committee, on Monday, has issued a show-cause notice to Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University (PDPU) for charging fees more than the amount specified by the committee.The show-cause notice was issued following a meeting of the members of the fee regulation committee on January 5. In that meeting the committee had decided that PDPU must either refund to its students the excess amount of fees that they have collected or adjust the amount with the next fees that the students have to pay.Earlier, the students of PDPU had submitted a complaint to the regulation committee saying that the university is charging Rs 1.5 lakh per annum from each student instead of Rs1.2 lakh per annum which was recommended by the fee regulation committee. The entire drill of conducting meetings of the committee and issuing show-cause notice was kicked off by this complaint from the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11433308", "title": "Atasu 24-hour work halt call hits oil companies", "text": "JORHAT: The All Tai Ahom Students' Union (Atasu) on Monday imposed a 24-hour work halt on all units of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and other oil companies in upper Assam, seeking ST tag for the community. The organization has also threatened to take up another similar programme if the state fails to fulfill their demand.Atasu chief adviser Aswini Kumar Chetia said, \"We have imposed a 24-hour blockade on all oilfields and oil production units in the five upper Assam districts of Tinsukia, Dibrugarh, Sivasagar, Jorhat and Golaghat from 5 am today to put pressure on the government to declare Ahoms as an ST community.\"\"Day-to-day work in all the oil field and drill sites like Lakua, Rudrasagar, Geleki, Amguri, Jorhat, Borhola, Moran and Duliajan were hit during the bandh hours. In fact, work at ONGC and OIL was paralyzed on the first day of blockade today in all places,\" he said. He added no one has been arrested during the stir.He said the government has failed to include the community in the ST list despite repeated demands. \"Although political parties like Congress have declared in their election manifesto that we will be included in the ST list if they come to power, there is every chance they will forget about it. Therefore, we warned the government to take the matter seriously.\"On the other hand, an ONGC official said the agitation has affected their production work. \"Our work in the fields has been affected by the agitation today. However, official work wasn't hit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431613", "title": "Carmel gives parents quota of shock", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many parents at Carmel Convent School were left disappointed on Monday as just 25 of 90 general seats in the admission-related lucky draw were given to \"open\" category, while the rest were divided between subcategories like siblings and children of staff and alumni, among others. There were a 120 seats for kindergarten, out of which 30 (25%) were reserved under Right to Education Act.Around 1,100 applications were received by the school. Sangeeta Das, a parent said, \"I agree that they had mentioned in advance about giving preference to current students' siblings and alumnis' wards. But preference does not mean that just 25 seats should be given to those who do not fall under such a category.\" Another parent who was there, said, \"If this is how draw system works then it is better to scrap it. First St Kabir Public School did it and now it's Carmel Convent. I don't know what they had thought while reserving 65 seats. I am really disappointed.\" Another parent, Sameer Gautam, said, \"I did not expect this kind of action from Carmel Convent. Just 25 seats out of 90 amount to almost nothing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429847", "title": "Ujwal Keskar launches forum", "text": "PUNE: Corporator Ujwal Keskar, a staunch supporter of senior leader Gopinath Munde , has floated an independent forum called Pune Janhit Aghadi (PJA) which will field six candidates in wards where the party is strong for the February elections.Keskar was expelled from the BJP party in 2009 after he contested the assembly election as an independent against the BJP-Sena's Chandrakant Mokate. \"All leaders who had rebelled against the party were called back. But the BJP has not withdrawn my expulsion,\" Keskar told TOI.\"We will field Angha Paranjape, a town planner, in the panel which falls in Vedvihar areas. In Dahanukar colony, Girish Khatri will be our candidate. Vaishali Ghanekar and I will contest from Happy Colony while in Tathavade garden and Patwardhanbaug areas Sudhir Gawali and Purva Keskar will contest,\" he said. These areas are BJP strongholds.\"Leaders who defected to the NCP are taken back in the BJP. I fail to understand this discrimination towards me. I will take these issues to my voters,\" Keskar said.The Munde faction refuses to see Mathkari as the party president in the city ever since Munde supporter Yogesh Gogawale was sidelined for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11429926", "title": "Russian woman succumbs to pneumonia at GMC", "text": "MARGAO: A Russian woman, Grekoria Olga, 44, died while undergoing treatment at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, on Sunday.The autopsy stated that the woman died of liver failure and acute pneumonia. Olga was residing at a resort in Keserval along with her husband for the last several days. On January 7, she was admitted to the Hospicio hospital, Margao, as she suddenly fell ill. She was shifted to the GMC on January 8 after her condition worsened. Margao police have registered the case as unnatural death.As the deceased died within seven years of her marriage, the sub-divisional magistrate, Salcete, Dasharath Redkar, has initiated an inquiry into the case under Section 174 of the CrPC as mandated.On Monday, Redkar recorded the statement of the deceased's husband, Sergy Chuma Chenko. As Chemko couldn't understand English, Redkar sought the assistance of interpreters while recording his statement, sources said. Redkar told TOI that the Russian couple had married five years ago. In his statement, Chemko acknowledged that his wife was an alcoholic, which could have led to her death. Police sources said that the visas of the Russian couple have expired and they will be charged with overstaying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11429609", "title": "Collect those precious drops: DIY guidelines", "text": "BANGALORE: It's now mandatory that you use rain water for cleaning your cars, watering plants and washing. Just so you get drinking water every day.Initially, the BWSSB set out to make Rain Water Harvesting (RWH) mandatory only for properties measuring 60x40 sqft and more, besides all government buildings, offices, commercial complexes, apartment complexes and open spaces and parks. As the first phase of implementation, they asked for installation of RWH apparatus in 55,000 houses built on 60x40 sqft sites by December 2011. Subsequently, BWSSB made it clear that all residential properties, irrespective of size, must install RWH in their homes.If you boil this water, you might also find it good to drink. According to BWSSB guidelines, the minimum storage capacity mandated is 20 litres per sqm. Thus, for a house built on 60x40 sqft, a storage tank can actually store up to 4,000 litres of water if it rains moderately during the monsoons.A R Shivakumar, researcher and RWH expert, said, \"A family can use 4,000 litres of water for up to 10 days, depending on the water use. Groundwater recharge is a long-term achievement because through groundwater recharge, borewell yield is high, and at all times, there is enough water in the borewells.WHAT IS RWH?Rain water that falls on the rooftop, be it flat or slanting, can be made to run though a pipe to a storage facility like a sump, tank or well. This water should be filtered to purify the larger particles and stored in rain water harvest tanks. In case of sloping rooftops (concrete, tiles or asbestos), a gutter pipe can be attached to one end of the roof to collect the water and made to run through pipes attached at other end of the gutter.FOR A BOREWELLBorewells should be constructed with 1-metre diameter and the pit should be 10 feet deep. A fit casing pipe should be installed at the end of the pit and surrounded by cement rings to make a wall of the borewell. At the bottom of the pit, layer the casing pipe with a steel mesh which functions like a filter. The bottom layer should be filled with boulders for a height of 2 feet and then a second layer of jelly stones of 40mm size for another 2 feet.A third layer of jelly stones of 30mm size are to be layered on the first layer of jelly stones for up to 1ft height and then a fourth layer of charcoal. Repeat these layers till there is 3ft open space available from the surface of the well. Spread a nylon curtain on the layers and fill the remaining 2ft of space with sand. Fit a pipe to collect rain water from the roof top and connect it to the pit. Those with open wells too can adopt this system. By directing filtered rainwater to open wells, their water tables can be improved.Ground water rechargingAn absorption pit should be constructed in the sloping area of the house verandah with a minimum of 5 feet in width and maximum of 10 feet in depth. Cement rings matching the inner diameter of the pit should be installed till the base of the pit. Then fill with boulders (or big jelly stones) and lay a nylon curtain at the top. The remaining part of the pit should be filled with sand up to 1ft of the ground level. The pipe, fitted to collect rain water from the roof top and verandah of the house, should be linked to this absorption pit. Another pipe should be installed to allow excess water to run off into the storm water drain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11431703", "title": "'Krissh 3' may have issues with Animal Welfare Board of India", "text": "MUMBAI: Hrithik Roshan starrer 'Krissh 3' may have had issues with the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) which has questioned the use of animals in the film. However, AWBI has approved use of five rats in a scene of the film.As per the AWBI website, \"The board has approved use of five rats after the producers promised to provide photos and proof of computer graphics used for the shot at the time of seeking the NOC.\"Earlier, AWBI had considered not approving the use of animals after media reports mentioned that director Rakesh Roshan was shooting with scorpions, rats, frogs and other animals.'Krissh 3' went on floor recently and has Hrithik Roshan playing a father (Rohit) and son Krishna, who becomes superhero Krissh to save people. The others in the cast are Priyanka Chopra , Kangna Ranuat and Vivek Oberoi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11431673", "title": "Do not give in, CM tells police", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Monday minced no words in warning police officers against playing into the hands of political forces.Laying out an agenda for efficient policing, the CM exhorted officers not to yield to any kind of pressure, particularly political. \"There are over 60,000 unsolved cases . 'B' reports have been filed in about 8,000 cases in 2011. This shows cops are compromising ,\" he said.The CM was addressing more than 100 top police officers , including the DG&IGP; , at a function here. He said: \"You should be in a position to say no to those who try to pressure you. As chief minister, I assure you that no policeman will be punished for going against political pressure. Police play a vital role in the society: from the birth of a person to her death. So, ensure that people approach you without any fear.\"On the Naxal issue, the CM said, \"I see a communication gap between the Anti-Naxal Force and local police .\" Gowda said, \"We're strengthening the anti-terror intelligence wing. There should be a vigil along the state's 300-km coastal belt.\"Home minister R Ashoka told officers that vacancies in the department would be filled on priority. He said Naxals were rearing their head in the state by drawing upon cadres from other states.The CM asked police to fully utilize funds allocated to them. \"Statistics reveal that 40% of the sanctioned money is utilized every year. Senior officers should ensure 100% usage,\" he told them.Chief secretary SV Ranganath called for a drive to make constables and head constables tech-savvy . \"The state police department is 94,000-strong . About 80,000 are constables and head constables , a major part of the force. They should be educated about advanced technologies ,\" he added.TIMES VIEWThe chief minister's threat to senior police officers of punitive action against those who rely on support from their political masters and are engaged in other activities may have been designed to make them fall in line. But it's rather surprising that he's not taking action anyway. After all, if he has information and evidence of their misdemeanours, it would be important and necessary that he crack down immediately rather than use the knowledge as a veiled threat. This would send a stronger message down the rank and file of the police force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430501", "title": "Metro-II bridge gets railway approval", "text": "MUMBAI: The plans for the second line of the Mumbai Metro on the Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd route have got a shot in the arm with the railways granting permission for a Metro bridge across the Central Railway (CR) lines at Kurla and Mankhurd.This is seen as a major development by senior officials at the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), who said that work on Metro-II could now be speeded up. Getting the permission was not easy, say officials. The railways have stringent safety regulations in place and the commissioner of railway safety insists on all of them being observed.The Metro's first line was delayed because the MMRDA had trouble getting the plans for a bridge across WR lines near Andheri station passed. \"The design for the bridge had to be changed and the negotiations took almost a year before permission was granted,\" an official said.The second Metro line, which will be 32 km long and cost Rs 8,250 crore, has had its share of opposition. Citizens' groups in Bandra and Juhu have asked for part of the route from Andheri to Bandra to be underground so as to avoid problems related todemolition of residences and business establishments.Mumbai: The plans for the second line of the Mumbai Metro, from Charkop -Bandra- Mankhurd got a shot in the arm with the railway ministry granting permission for a metro bridge across the Central railway lines at Kurla and Mankhurd.The permission was seen as a major boost by senior officials at the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority(MMRDA) who pointed out that the work on the metro could now be speeded up.These officials said that getting the railway permission was not easy. The railways have stiff safety regulations in place and the commissioner of railway safety insists on all of them being observed. They pointed out that the first line of the metro from Versova Andheri Ghatkopar had problems for passing the plans for a bridge across the Western railway lines near Andheri station.The design for the bridge had to be changed and the negotiations took almost a year before permission was granted,'' they said.The second metro line will be 32 km long and will cost a whopping Rs 8,250 crores said MMRDA officials who pointed out that the work on the ground will now be easier to handle as the railway permissions have come through.The second line has had its share of opposition.Civic groups in Bandra and Juhu have asked for part of the route from Andheri to Bandra be underground so as to avoid problems related to demolition of residences and business establishments.The plans for the bridge across the railway tracks at Kurla on the Santacruz Chembur Link Road (SCLR) have been submitted for clearance to the Commissioner of Railway Safety and are expected to be passed shortly. The construction on the SCLR is running late and MMRDA officials are taking special care to ensure that all is well with their plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11432582", "title": "Train traffic hit by fog", "text": "KANPUR: The prevailing foggy weather conditions continued to disrupt train movement. The worst hit were the trains arriving at Kanpur Central from New Delhi as they were reported to be running much behind schedule.Thus, passengers are facing inconvenience. On Monday, they were witnessed covering themselves with shawls or blankets to brave the chill. Tea stalls on platforms remained overcrowded. The vendors also charged passengers exorbitantly.Over four dozen trains were affected by inclement weather including Hodhpur-Howrah, Purshottam express, Mahananda express, Poorva express. While Jodhpur-Howrah was running late by three hours, Purshottam and Mahananda express were four and a half hours behind schedule. Mahabodhi North East express was also late by three hours. Muri and Kalka were late by two hours each. Jogbani, Saptkranti express, Vaishali and Purshottam express also arrived late at Kanpur Central railway station.The railway authorities at Kanpur Central said if foggy weather conditions continued to prevail, both express/mail and goods trains would run behind schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11429526", "title": "Row over differing signatures of Hindi varsity registrar", "text": "WARDHA: Varying signatures of Kailash Khamre, registrar of Mahatma Gandhi Antarrashtriya Hindi Vishwavidyalya (MGAHV), Wardha, have come to fore in the investigation of a case registered at Sewagram police station last Wednesday regarding a forged migration certificate.Three different signatures by Khamre appear in several letters sent to the HRD ministry, said sources.On Wednesday, Khamre had reported to the Sewagram police that a former student of MGAHV, Sanjeev Chandan, submitted a forged migration certificate to Ambedkar University in Delhi for PhD enrolment.Khamre showed two migration certificates carrying different signatures to Sewagram police. He said one was issued to Sanjeev by the university and the other - a forged one - was given by Sanjeev to Ambedkar University in Delhi. The police, after filing a case against Sanjeev Chandan, recorded his statement on Thursday. However, a Wardha court granted anticipatory bail to Sanjeev on Friday.Documents available with TOI show that Khamre's signature on other documents and a letter to MHRD are similar to the signatures put on the forged paper.Khamre refused to comment on the issue and passed the buck to the vice chancellor of the university. \"I am hospitalized in Mumbai; my leg is to be operated upon. I am unable to say anything regarding my different signatures,\" said Khamre. However, he maintained that the signature available in his office is original, and the rest are false.Wardha SP Avinash Kumar has assured to probe the matter, saying any arrest can be made only after an inquiry. Meanwhile, claiming innocence, Sanjeev Chandan has demanded forensic experts to be brought in to check the genuineness of signatures.Chandan also wrote to the President of India to constitute an inquiry on January 2, a copy of which was given to Khamre, which prompted Khamre to file the FIR against Chandan.However, Chandan maintained that the FIR is a way to avoid a high-level inquiry. \"The President of India is the visitor of the university and she may order inquiry on different complaints, related to migration,\" said Chandan.In November 2011 too, PhD scholar Rajeev Kumar Suman had dragged senior university officials into controversy, alleging their involvement in forging certificates. The university administration had then suspended the registration of the PhD student, who complained about it. The university had then announced an inquiry into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433701", "title": "Prashanth on a musical note", "text": "The actor's next will be a dance musical, for which he will learn an international dance formEven as he's soaking in the positive response his recent release Mambattiyaan received from the audience and critics, actor Prashanth is fervently planning for his projects this year. Prashanth says, \"Whoever has seen the film has said they liked it very much. This film started before Ponnar-Shankar, and it's a fact that it is doing good business in B and C centres. The reviews have been good and even if the movie is not a blockbuster, it has been a hit of the season.\"Now, the actor has started concentrating on his next projects and is also working towards fulfilling two of his New Year resolutions. \"It has been three years since I sported the long hair-andbearded look. I did so because both Ponnar-Shankar and Mambattiyaan demanded the kind of image. Now, the first thing I plan to do this year is get back to my clean-shaven look, the kind my audiences have seen and liked in Jeans and Majnu,\" smiles Prashanth.\"I had put on about 11 kilos for Mambattiyaan. So now, I need to shed the extra kilos and tone my physique,\" he adds. The actor has three films lined up this year and is pretty much excited about the way his career is looking up. \"I will announce my films, which I've signed up with top directors and producers, after Pongal. One of the films will be a dance musical. I have roped in performers from different parts of the world for my films like Jeans (South Africa), Majnu (Poland), Jodi (Canada) and Aayudham (London). This film will be no less. In fact, I will be taking lessons in some of the international dance forms as well,\" he reveals.Now that he's chalked out his career plan,what about his personal front? \"I'm going to spend some quality time with my family and friends and chill out completely whenever I have time to spare,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11437490", "title": "Veena Malik shunts nude offer from international magazines!", "text": "Pakistani actress VeenaMalik has denied reports about her acknowledging posing nude forInternational magazines and Hollywood assignments.The actress l has claimed that she has been misquoted and that she would never do anything which would tarnish her reputation.Veena revealed that she has already shunted the offers given to her by renowned International magazines to pose nude. \"A sourceclose to Veena Malik has confirmed that she did get offers from the play boy,sun UK and zoo magazine with a huge amount of money but she refused to posenude\"She added, \"I have been misquoted by a media agency that I was willingly to do anything if I was offered Hollywoodfilms as the working culture was different from Indian and Pakistani films\". Veena did quote, \"When I'm in Hollywood I would dowhat is expected of me within their industry. I'm an entertainer afterall\".\"But this doesn't mean that I would go nude for work. How can one reach to any suchconclusions\", clarified Veena who is presently in Dubai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430364", "title": "RPI tests Sena, asks for 30 seats", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramdas Athavle's RPI on Monday refused to budge from its demand for 30 seats for the BMC elections as against the 29 offered to it by the Shiv Sena-BJP combine. Saffron bigwigs, however, are confident that the three parties will ink their seat-distribution pact in a day or two.\"The Sena-BJP has offered 29 seats to the RPI. We hope they will not make any more demands,\" said state BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar.On Sunday evening, senior BJP leaders and RPI's Gautam Sonawane held talks with Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray at the mayor's Shivaji Park bungalow. But the meeting was inconclusive. On Monday, Sena-BJP leaders claimed that they would succeed in pacifying Athavle with 29 seats. \"Should the need arise, we will give him one more seat,'' admitted a Sena functionary. Dalit poet Namdeo Dhasal has also demanded his share of seats from Athavle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11435459", "title": "\u2018Women play key role in slum renewal'", "text": "BHOPAL: Women architects play a crucial role in slum renewal in India. Renowned architect from Australia, Chris Johnson expressed it during his address on the second day of the Global Studio conference being hosted at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT).\"Several Indian women have played a key role in development of slums in India. Pratima Joshi from Pune, Renu Khosla in Agra and Manita Barida are few examples who have done lots of work in slum renewal,\" Johnson said.MANIT's registrar Savita Raje chaired the session on rethinking professional and educational practice during the occassion. Eminent scholars, including Prof David Scholosberg from University of Sydney, delivered lecture on climate justice and adaptation during the session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11431435", "title": "Land diversion for power project threatens wildlife reserve", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal government is facing resistance from environmentalists and conservationists for taking a u-turn in recommending diversion of forest lands for a private sector medium-sized hydropower project in the Bara Bangal wildlife reserve area of Kangra district, after first having opposed the move.When contacted, additional chief secretary (forests) Sudipto Roy said, \"Subject to clearances by the executive council set up by the Supreme Court about diverting land from wildlife reserve areas, the state wildlife board recommended diversion of the forest land for the 200MW Bara Bangal project.\"He said, \"Baijnath Kishan Sabha Tehsil Committee had separately filed a petition before the high court that sought to de-notify the Dhauladhar wildlife sanctuary, as a large resident population in Chota and Bara Bangal areas were facing forest-related obstacles in laying roads, power lines and drinking water schemes.\"Sources claimed that the wildlife board in its meeting on December 17 recommended diversion of 21.46 hectares of forest land in the wildlife reserve for the power project.\"The government had earlier rejected such a proposal,\" said a source. In 2007, the state government without obtaining any forest clearance allotted the 200MW project to a private power producer, he said.When the promoters applied for diversion of forest land for constructing the project, the government, after due consideration, struck down on the proposal, he said.The dam is proposed just below Bara Bangal village on Ravi river, from where a 7Km-long head race tunnel is to be constructed to a power house near Nayagram in Chamba.\"This would cut right through the heart of the untouched forest area, and would involve blasting, dumping debris, road construction and entry of thousands of labourers and would lead to deforestation,\" the source said.The promoters approached both the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MOEF), and the Supreme Court, but the Himachal government in its reply is said to have placed documents before the apex court reiterating that such a project cannot be allowed in a wildlife sanctuary.\"What has come as a surprise is that with the matter still being sub judice, the government has chosen to recommend the diversion of forest land,\" said environmentalist Billy Malhans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11429740", "title": "2 more children's movies get Rs 25 lakh subsidy", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda came about 90 minutes late for the inauguration of the 7th international children's film festival that got under way here on Monday. But he brought some good news --- the government will extend Rs 25 lakh subsidy to two more children's movies. Currently, two movies get this benefit.More than 100 children and foreign delegates waited for the CM to arrive at 2pm but he landed there only at 3.30 pm. Actor Sudeep decided to leave the venue after waiting for an hour. The situation got further chaotic when actor Ragini decided to walk off the stage after a policeman announced loudly that the CM was on his way just when she got up stage to speak.Most international delegates were puzzled by the chaos. Some delegates were called on to the stage and asked to light the lamp bu they were sent back down. When the CM came in, the lamp was doused again for the CM to light it.The children's film festival will start from on Tuesday and 90 movies will be screened during the next three days. The movies will be screened at Bal Bhavan (Cubbon Park), Adarsh Theatre (Ulsoor) Kailash (Gandhinagar), Seva Sadan (Malleswaram), Suchitra Film Society (Banashankari 2nd Stage) and CRPF Camp (Yelahanka). Movies from Iran, Japan, Sweden , China, USA, Spain and Sri Lanka as well as some in Kannada will be screened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429857", "title": "Order of issue process against cop confirmed", "text": "PUNE: As many as 141 affidavits were filed before the Justice M G Gaikwad (retired) committee probing into the Maval firing on Monday. Ninety seven affidavits were filed by Pune rural police officials, including former superintendent of police Sandeep Karnik and state reserve police force officials through lawyers Sureshchandra Bhosale, Chinmay Bhosale and Uday Nalawade. Another 44 affidavits were filed by private persons. The committee had earlier received 40 affidavits. The total number of affidavits filed till date is 181. Committee secretary K D Patil on Monday told TOI that the committee had extended the deadline for filing affidavits for the revenue department till January 13 as they have not yet appointed a public prosecutor.Pune: Additional sessions judge S P Tavade has confirmed the order of issue process against police inspector Dattatraya Temghare for allegedly causing grievous harm to gangster Bandu Andekar in 2009. The court dropped charges against Temghare under sections 452 and 504 read with 34 of the IPC.Andekar had erected flex boards in the jurisdiction of the Samarth police station condemning Temghare for allegedly committing atrocities on his family members.The police had arrested Andekar at Hadapsar on February 21, 2009 and had allegedly beaten him up. Andekar had complained of ill-treatment when he was produced in court the next day. Sassoon general hospital had given a report that Andekar's leg was fractured.An inquiry instituted by the then chief judicial magistrate R H Mohammad had indicted the policemen and, accordingly, a complaint against the policemen was registered under sections 326, 452, 504 read with 34 of the Indian Penal Code. Lawyer Bilal Shaikh appeared on behalf of Andekar. tnnCouple gets bail in cheating case, man arrested againPune: A magisterial court on Monday granted bail to Adwait Datar (31) and his wife Neelima (28) for allegedly duping several people on the pretext of giving them good returns on their investments.The couple were released on a personal bond of Rs 30,000 each with one or two sureties of the like amount. They were warned not to tamper with the evidence and co-operate with the police whenever they were called for questioning. They were directed to give attendance at the Kothrud police station every Monday and Thursday between 10 am and noon till chargesheet was filed. The court directed them not to leave Pune without its permission.Adwait was arrested later in a similar case registered with the Cantonment police station.One December 17, estate agent Amresh Rao, had lodged a complaint against the Datars for allegedly duping him of Rs 5 lakh. Later, others also lodged complaints against the couple and the amount of money involved in the fraud has gone up to Rs 50 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429628", "title": "Couple succumbs to burn injuries", "text": "NAGPUR: Happiness seems to have departed from the life of 8-year-old Khushi, whose name literally means joy, as both her parents succumbed to burn injuries at a private hospital within a span of 10 days.The couple had sustained deep burn injuries on December 27 last year at their New Shukrawari home. Khushi's mother Shravani Gupta was declared dead at the private hospital two days after the incident. On Monday, Khushi's father Vivek Gupta also passed away. Vivek, who owned a printing press, was the sole bread-earner of the family.The other kin of Guptas had ensured that Khushi was initially only told that her parents were undertaking treatment as the reality would be too harsh for her tender age. After Vivek's death, they are now finding it difficult to take the information to the little one.Vivek was working at his printing press when a container of thinning material overturned. The highly inflammable material immediately caught fire from a burning lamp kept close to where Vivek was working. Flames quickly engulfed Vivek who too had been splashed with the material. The relatives said the lamp was used for routine work of the press.Shravani, who had reached the press to call Vivek for dinner, was stunned to see her husband caught up in the flames. She rushed to his rescue. Shravani apparently tried to wrap Vivek with her saree. Unfortunately, the flames engulfed her too. The family members took the couple to a private hospital where they subsequently succumbed.Sources in the Rahate Hospital said the couple had sustained between 60% and 70% burns. \"They had burns on face, neck, hands and anterior chest. They also had inhalation lung injuries and developed sepsis,\" said the source. \"They sustained deep burns,\" he said.The Guptas' kin said that the tragedy could hit no one more than Khushi who needed the parents most at this age. They said that it would be difficult for them to console the girl. \"She would have to be taken care of in absence of parents,\" said the lamenting kin. Kotwali police has registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11435953", "title": "Only goons want Mulayam back in power: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sharpening his attack on Samajwadi Party (SP) and its chief Mulayam Singh Yadav further, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday said that only goons wanted SP back in power in Uttar Pradesh.Rahul said that during the SP rule, goons used to run police stations. \"For the coming elections, the SP has been using a slogan `ummeed kee cycle' (SP is the only hope for future). But only goons are hoping that SP will win the elections,\" Rahul said at a public meeting in Ballia during his campaign for the UP assembly elections to be held in February.The Gandhi scion also targetted Mualayam for opposing English medium education and computers. \"Knowledge of English language can easily get you a job starting with Rs 15000 a month salary but the SP doesn't want people of the state to progress,\" he said.Rahul claimed that in 2009, some members of the SP contacted the Congress party for an alliance in the Lok Sabha elections. \"They said that the Congress is weak in UP, hence a pact with the SP will help it. But we refused. The SP knew that the party is losing its base. That's why it allied with Kalyan Singh , who was responsible for the demolition of Babri mosque. But when the election results were declared, the Congress emerged as the biggest party,\" he said.In a bid to woo Muslims, the Congress general secretary said that his party never made a deal with communal forces. He also accused Mulayam of keeping mum on the minority reservation issue. \"Have any previous chief ministers in the state spoken openly or done anything about the reservation?\" he questioned.Rahul said that he was working in UP to bring development to the state. \"It doesn't matter to me whether Congress gets 2 or 200 seats in the elections,\" he said.Accusing Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati of ill-governance, Rahul said that she had failed to develop the state and would not be able to do so in the future. \"Have you ever seen Mayawati visiting any village in the state in the last five years? Has she ever sat with a family in the village and dined with them? She has never connected with the people in the state.\" he said.\"Have you seen her drinking the same water that you drink in your village? How does she plan to develop the state without being connected with its people? All she has developed is a magical elephant in Lucknow that eats public money,\" Gandhi said.Gandhi further urged the people of the state to vote for the Congress party. \"We promise to change UP. The people of the state have wasted 22 years believing other parties. This time we will change the face of the state and work for the benefit of its people at large. I urge you to give a chance to the youth in our party to work for your welfare,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429738", "title": "Nine found drugged, looted in Danapur division", "text": "PATNA: As many as nine passengers were found drugged in trains in two different incidents under Danapur division of the East Central Railway (ECR). Valuables worth several thousands, including cellphones, costly articles and cash, were looted by the con men.According to deputy chief security commissioner, RPF, A K Burnwal, five passengers, who were travelling in the reserved bogie S-1 of New Delhi-Rajgir Shramjeevi Express, were befriended by con men during their journey. They were found drugged by the police at Danapur station when the train reached the station at 7.45 am on Monday. They were admitted to the Danapur Railway Hospital where they were said to be still lying unconscious. However, the police have identified them as Sushail Khan, 32, of Dildarnagar, Mritunjay Kumar, 45, of Biharsharif, Jeetendra Upadhaya, 40, of Kolkata, Shailendra Prasad, 40, of Pawapuri, Nalanda, and Krishna Kumar Mahto, 30, of Buxar, he said.Burnwal said that four other cases of drugging were detected on Sunday when these drugged passengers were found at Jhajha station under Danapur division. They were found drugged in the general bogies of Howrah-Mokama passenger and Lal Quila Express trains. Their condition was stated to be normal on Monday, he said and added the railway police have been kept on alert following sudden spurt in drug menace. It may be recalled that about 300 cases of drugging of passengers were detected in Bihar last year alone.\"The railways has already launched a massive awareness drive against drug menace under all the five divisions of the ECR. Street plays are being staged at different places in ECR to create mass awareness among unwary passengers about drug menace on running trains,\" ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431045", "title": "Minister mulls over starting youth PBD", "text": "JAIPUR: Realizing the need to connect the young diaspora with their roots, Vayalar Ravi, Union minister for overseas Indian affairs is mulling over introducing the youth Pravasi Bharatiya Divas in the coming years.On the side lines of the 10th PBD, Vayalar Ravi said that the government may start the youth PBD for better integration of overseas young generation with their culture and heritage. \"Youth connectivity is a big problem and needs to be addressed. Proposal for holding PBD for young diaspora is an idea which can be a solution in that direction but the modus operandi will have to be worked out,\" said the minister.Echoing such a need, Mohammad Azharuddin , former Indian cricket captain said, \"If the youth living in India and overseas can come together it will be of great help to move things in right direction at greater speed. Youth PBD can be one such step\".However, the minister urged the parents to take charge of making the youth aware of their country of origin. \"Overseas parents should be concerned for their children's connectivity and they should share their love and feeling for their ancestral home and country of origin.\"Along with the ongoing \"Know India Programme\", in which 40 Indian Diaspora students visited India, the ministry has also started the \"Study India Programme\". Those Indians who are studying outside can attend Indian universities and earn credits. These can then be transferred into the credits in their university,\" said a senior official of the ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "rameswaram (tamil nadu)", "code": "11433636", "title": "Lankan President's relative greeted with slippers at Rameswaram", "text": "Rameswaram (Tamil Nadu): Suspected MDMK and Nam TamizharIyakkam activists today allegedly barged into the house of the Ramanathaswamy Temple priest here and threw stones and slippers when a relative of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa was about to perform a 'pooja'.Priest R C Anandha Dikshithar said the group broke open the gate and door of the house and shouted slogans against the Sri Lankan President when Tirukumaran Natesan was about to perform a \"parikara pooja\" (prayer seeking to remedy ill- effects of some sins).Stones and slippers were hurled inside, the priest alleged, adding, he suffered minor bruises.\"They were under the impression that the pooja was being performed for continuance of Rajapaksa's regime, and abused me for performing the pooja...,\" the priest said.Tirukumaran had been visiting him for the past three years, the priest said.Tirukumaran told PTI that he had come to do some shanthi/parikara pooja for his son. Somebody had spread rumours that the pooja was being done for the good of the Sri Lankan government, leading to the attack, he said.\"I worshipped in the temple last evening.I wanted to do the pooja today. It was not possible,\" he said.Police said they had deployed police personnel in and around the priest's house.Two MDMK functionaries have been detained in connection with the incident, police said, adding, they were looking for 40 others who had indulged in violence.The Rameswaram Priests' Association has lodged a complaint, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430868", "title": "GU senate elections advanced", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Elections for the Gujarat University (GU) senate have been brought forward from February 26 to February 19.City secretary of Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad ( ABVP) Ravi Desai submitted a memorandum to GU vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi stating that since university exams are scheduled from March 8, senate elections on February 26 would interfere with exam preparation of contestants and supporters. Hence, the elections should be advanced so that the academics do not suffer due to elections.Trivedi on Monday accepted the demand and said that the senate elections will be brought forward to February 19. This way, students will get more time for uninterrupted study for the exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11434013", "title": "Schoolroom catches fire, no one hurt", "text": "MYSORE: Hours before it opened, a government school in Giriyabovipalya in Nazarbad on Monday caught fire, which was doused by firefighters.One of the classrooms at the government higher primary school caught fire and damaged furniture and books. According to police, residents noticed smoke billowing out of the room located at the end of the single-storey building and suspected fire, early in the morning. They alerted cops and firefighters were pressed into service.Since the classes for the day had not yet started, there were no students. However, the classes were later held as scheduled. Police are investigating whether there was any foul play. Nazarbad police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429578", "title": "Shiv Sena city unit splits", "text": "NAGPUR: The Shiv Sena in the city has split with Diwakar Patne, former up-zilla pramukh (deputy district chief) and two other leaders forming a new outfit called Swabhimani Shiv Sena. The split comes with the Nagpur Municipal Corporation elections just a month ahead and the new unit has announced its intention to contest in 40-50 seats in alliance with Nagpur Janshakti Aghadi led by former MLA Mohan Mate.The split took place as Patne and his close associates Dhananjay Fuse and Vivek Parkar apprehended that the 'meek' Sena leadership in the city was not in a position to safeguard interests of loyal Sena workers. \"So many party workers have put in years of service to the party but never get chance to contest even the civic elections. This is because leaders with Congress culture are sitting at the helm of the city unit. The Sena would meekly settle to contest 12-15 seats in alliance with the BJP,\" said Patne.Six months ago Patne fell out with the Sena leadership and was removed from the post of up-zilla pramukh. Reacting to his decision to form a parallel Sena unit, Sena Zilla Pramukh and deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe said that it would have no impact on the Sena's electoral prospects in the February 16 civic polls. \"Patne, Fuse and Parkar were expelled from the party immediately after they announced formation of their new outfit. The leaders have no mass base. In 2002 Patne had secured 107 votes from his ward,\" the Sena leader pointed out.However, Patne said that he is in talks with Nagpur Janshakti Aghadi led by former BJP MLA Mate and would field candidates in at least 40 seats. \"We have candidates with electoral merit and are confident of good results,\" he added. The Swabhimani Sena will hold its first conference on January 15 at Laxminarayan Sabhagruha on Wardha Road, he informed.Besides Mate, Adim party chief Nanda Parate, Milind Pakhale of the RPI, social activists Raju Lokhande, Nitin Chaudhary, Shamim Patel, Arun Kedar, Atul Deshpande, legislator Kapil Patil, ex-MLAs Wamanrao Chatap and Saroj Kashikar of Shetkari Sanghatana will attend the conference, said Patne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jassowal", "code": "11434052", "title": "Rajbir begins to see her dreams come true", "text": "JASSOWAL: Rajbir Kaur, who has won a silver medal in school national tennis competition that was held in New Delhi recently, is beginning to see her dreams come true. Although she was defeated by Delhi's Riya Bhatia in the finals, Rajbir has no regrets. Determined to make it big, Rajbir said, \"I belong to an agrarian family and they fully support my dream to become international tennis player. I believe one day I would surely succeed in my dream.''Sixteen-year-old Rajbir started practising lawn tennis in Harvest Tennis Academy five years ago. She adds, \"In 2011, I won under-16 and under-18 girls titles of Mumbai State Lawn Tennis Association and All India Tennis Association Tournament Championship. I've also won the double titles of under-18 in the same championship along with my partner Kavita from Mumbai. Besides these, I also bagged a bronze medal in the school national tennis competition.''Juggling between academics and sports, the Class X in Government High School said, \"After completing my school, I used to directly move to my academy for practising the game under the supervision of my coach Todd Clark, where I trained for five hours daily.'' Rajbir's motivation is none other than her father, Lakhwinder Singh. Rajbir is also a big fan of international tennis player, Roger Federer and she says she learns a lot from his game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429928", "title": "'My years in Pune were the best years of my life'", "text": "PUNE: This couple needs no introduction. They are exceptionally talented and stand up for what they believe in. They have left very little unexplored between themselves. While Javed Akhtar has penned award-winning film scripts, dialogues and lyrics, Shabana Azmi's acting in films and on stage has impressed many. The intellectual chemistry between the couple will come alive in 'Kaifi Aur Main', which will be staged in the city on Tuesday as part of the Times Pune Festival.The play is based on Shabana's parents, mother Shaukat Kaifi's memoirs 'Yaad Ki Rahguzar' and the writings of her father Kaifi Azmi. \"'Kaifi Aur Main' is based on my mother's memoirs, which she was penning while 'abba'' was ailing. She lost all interest in writing the book after his death. Javed forced her to pick up the pen again. It was through his continuous efforts that she began the task of finishing the book,\" says Shabana.How did the play come about? \"It was Javed who collated all information from Kaifi's writings and strung it together with the memoirs to come up with this beautiful play,\" she says.Shaukat's memoirs bring alive the moments that she and Kaifi spent together. It is a vivid portrayal of a life that is inspiring and culturally rich. In fact, the book has made quite a name for itself. \"It has been included in the academic course of as many as 14 universities in the US and that is by itself, an unheard of feat. Originally written in Urdu, the book has also been highly appreciated in India. It has been translated into Japanese, Marathi, Hindi and Gujarati, among other languages,\" Shabana says.She is an alumna of city-based Film and Television Institute of India (FTII). Ask her about the memories of Pune and you can actually feel the warmth in her voice as she says, \"The two years I spent at FTII are the best years of my life!\"\"I have studied at many good schools and colleges, but memories of FTII are the closest to my heart. And, of course, Roshan Taneja is a fabulous teacher. FTII gave me an exposure to world cinema. It helped shape me as an actor. Had it not been for the institute, I would have been a different person,\" she says.Prod her some more about her days in FTII and Shabana says, \"In those days, students did not have a lot of money. But, nonetheless, it was an enjoyable time. I used to get Rs 250 as scholarship and Rs 250 from my parents every month. So, I was the richest girl in class. Pune had a disco back then. I believe it was called Momo's. It was one of our favourite hangouts. We would go there when we had money. When everyone's money got over, I would treat them since I had a little extra money.\"She continues, \"We would split everything between us - from a dosa to a samosa. And, when things were really tight, we would go Dutch. Those were lovely days. I had a lot of fun. I absolutely love Pune.\"In the play, Shabana and Javed play Shaukat and Kaifi. Speaking about Javed making his stage debut with this play, she says, \"There may be a lot many better actors, but in my opinion Javed is the only one who could play Kaifi. 'Abba' and Javed had a lot in common. Javed has the same kind of sense of humour as my father. They come from culturally strong backgrounds. Both had the same world view and the same cultural views. He could portray Kaifi better than anyone else.\"The play is very personal to her and Javed, given that it is based on her parents. Do personal perspectives come into the picture while enacting their lives? \"It is inevitable,\" says Shabana. \"For me, it is a gift, an offering. It is a tribute. It is as if I am sharing the lives and times of my parents with the world - it is an inspiring journey, to be shared with everyone.\"Speaking about Pune's theatre scene, she says, \"The city has had a long tradition of theatre. Unfortunately, I don't get to follow the young theatre in Pune, but it's heartening to know that it is thriving. Sadly, that is not the case in most parts of the country. In fact, I believe that Maharashtrians have a strong liking for good music and theatre, and that they are culturally sound. Tell me, in how many cities would you find people turning up for a play at 10 am?\" And, with that, she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11432523", "title": "Allahabad University expands cashless medical facility for staff", "text": "ALLAHABAD: New Year has come up with a good news for teaching and non-teaching employees of Allahabad University and its constituent colleges.The varsity authorities have decided to expand the facility of cashless medical facility, under Contributory Health Scheme (AUCHS) at ten additional private hospitals, two diagnostic centres and three medical stores.The expansion means that now cashless medical facilities that was available in a handful of hospitals including Nazrath and Kamla Nehru hospitals will become available at a total of 22 private hospitals of the city in place of just ten. The expansion was necessitated owing to the fact that earlier this cashless treatment facility was extended to just teachers, employees and their dependants of AU while now even the teachers, employees and their dependants of varsity constituent colleges as well as the retired teachers and employees of AU.As a result the increase in the number of people eligible to receive these facilities as well as their being spread all over the city required that AU too takes steps to include more hospitals and diagnostic centres within the fold of its scheme.In a high-level meeting held at AU last week, the varsity gave its in-principle approval of the additional centres and the proposals in this regard have also been submitted to the newly added private hospitals and as soon as the formalities are completed, they will start offering these facilities to the eligible persons.Keeping the interest of employees in mind, one private hospital located in trans-Ganga's Phaphamau area has also been included under the AUCHS. Similarly, till now just three diagnostic centres were part of this scheme but now two more have been added.In-charge of AU Medical Cell and Deputy Registrar (Administration) RL Vishwakarma confirmed these developments and added that for the first time, three medical shops too have been added under the scheme so as to help the beneficiaries procure medicines prescribed from these medical centres without payment at the time of need.This addition has been made keeping the complaints of the employees in mind who were facing problems in getting the prescribed medicines, as these are not provided by the treating hospitals under the scheme.It is worth mentioning that for these cashless facilities under AUCHS, a set amount is deducted from the monthly salaries of the AU teachers and employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11433432", "title": "BJP dharna for stronger Lokpal", "text": "GUWAHATI: The BJP staged a dharna in Guwahati on Monday seeking to bring a stronger Lokpal Bill in Parliament.BJP activists raised slogans in front of the party's city office at noon. Unhappy over the present Lokpal Bill tabled by the government in Parliament, BJP activists criticized the 'escapist attitude' of the government while it came to voting in Rajya Sabha.Attacking the Congress-led government at the Centre, senior party leader and BJP national vice-president Bijoya Chakraborty asked the government to convene a special session of Parliament to pass an effective Lokpal Bill for corruption-free India.\"Though the Prime Minister has been brought under Lokpal, he has been given safeguards from all directions which will not serve the purpose. Besides, eight members of Lokpal has been proposed from the government's side and the opinion of the opposition will not be important if the present bill gets passed,\" the BJP leader said.She added that the government did not have the courage to go for voting over the Lokpal Bill in the Rajya Sabha and intentionally adjourned the house. Reiterating the stand of BJP that the party wants a stronger and effective Lokpal, Chakraborty said corrupt officials and businessmen must be booked.Speaking on the debate on the proposed mega dams in the northeast, the senior leader said all proposed mega dams in the region should be scrapped because of the fragile nature of the hills in the region. She added that former Union minister of environment and forests Jairam Ramesh clearly stated that the proposed mega dams in Arunachal Pradesh would have a devastating impact on the downstream areas in Assam.\"The proposed dams would directly affect the people living in Lakhimpur, Dhemaji and Sonitpur districts. People of Dibrugarh and Sivasagar would not be spared if the proposed mega dams become a reality,\" said Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11433935", "title": "Fire at Chennai airport hangar, no damage", "text": "CHENNAI: A fire broke out in a hangar at the airport here today but it was immediately put out by fire and rescue services department personnel, airport sources said.A short circuit is suspected to have caused the fire in the area where some coast guard aircraft are also usually stationed.However,there were no casualties or damage to property, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430864", "title": "Future uncertain, Team Anna gropes for way ahead", "text": "NEW DELHI: Struggling to stay relevant after the Mumbai fiasco and signs of waning popular interest, Team Anna appeared to be stepping back from its forceful Lokpal campaign to devise ways in which it could keep up the pressure without appearing to be targeting any political group.Anxiety over an uncertain future was palpable as Team Anna's core committee met on Monday for a marathon eight hours for the first time after the poor show at Anna Hazare's Mumbai fast. Several prominent members including Hazare himself were absent from the meeting.There was considerable debate on the political stand taken by Team Anna and whether it was time to revise its strategy. The Rajya Sabha debate on the Lokpal issue may have attracted widespread criticism for the government, but the opportunity to target Congress was quickly lost because of BJP's inexplicable decision to court scam-tainted Babu Singh Kushwaha.Faced with the lack of an obvious target and apparent public indifference, the group now confesses to be at the crossroads. While a final decision on whether to campaign in the poll-bound states or not will be taken by Hazare on Tuesday, the group has decided to establish a cadre of anti-corruption volunteers across the country, an ambitious target at least at this juncture.\"We want to create systems and structures in rural areas up to the villages and in urban areas up to the ward so that our message is clear and there is no confusion. This will help us get better feedback and suggestions,'' a source said.Team Anna will be putting together a communication team including experts. The move appears to be prompted in part by the protest in Amritsar where India Against Corruption volunteers showed black flags to PM Manmohan Singh and his wife who were visiting the Golden Temple on New Year's day. The protest had attracted flak from people who felt it was in poor taste.There are several eminent people like lawyers, journalists and other social workers who are keen to associate with the organization. The group is also looking at ways to include them. \"We will not be tampering with the core committee but we want to create a space or forum by which eminent people can be associated with the campaign so that we receive suggestions and feedback from them,'' the source said.Team Anna members Arvind Kejriwal, Prashant Bhushan and Kumar Vishwas are expected to travel to Ralegaon Siddhi and discuss details of the future strategy with Hazare. The activist did not attend the meeting as he is not keeping well. Doctors had advised him not to undertake any tour for at least a month due to his health condition.Others including Kiran Bedi, Shanti Bhushan, Santosh Hegde and Medha Patkar were absent from the meeting but sources said their views had been taken either on the phone or by e-mail.Sources said the members who attended the meeting were of the view that Team Anna should not target one single party. \"We discussed the pros and cons of various suggestions. We discussed the future programmes. We discussed how to build the campaign. No decision has been taken as Anna was not here as well as some other members,\" Bhushan said.The meeting came against the backdrop of poor public response to Hazare's agitation in Mumbai and Delhi in the last week of December and taunts from Congress on its anti-Congress plank.It also came days after an article written by Kejriwal which suggested that Team Anna appeared to be confused on how to take forward the fight for a strong Lokpal, saying the movement was at the \"crossroads\" and a wrong decision at this stage could prove disastrous. He had sought suggestions from the public to take the campaign forward.Team Anna member Arvind Gaur said efforts were being made to increase participation of people from the grassroots level. \"We are in a participative democracy and we are planning to increase people's involvement with the campaign by reaching out to them at the grassroots level,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430534", "title": "Eight arrested for railway divider theft", "text": "MUMBAI: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) arrested eight persons for stealing 280kg of railway track dividers from the Western linewhich are usually installed to stop illegal track crossing by commutersto and avert deaths.The mastermind, Raju Yadav, produced a forged a railway document showing to show that the track dividers were to be shifted.A vendor who purchased the track dividers from the thieves has also been held.\"The mastermind, Raju Yadav, posed as a contractor with a forged document to show that the track dividers were to be shifted. He hired labourers to detach the railway track dividers and load them onto a tempo.He then transported them to the vendor's, Shahbuddin's shop ,\" said senior divisional security commissioner (Western Railway), Rajendra Rupnawar. Yadav forged a railway memo, making changes in dates and the content, to show that the rail track dividers were to be moved to another location.He and his associates have stolen track dividers from seven to eight places on the Western line, officials said. The gang used to strike on both, the Central and Western line.All eight accused have been booked under the Railway Property (Unlawful Possession) Act. A first-time offender is convicted for three years and above, while a second-time offender is convicted for five years and above under provisions of the Act. The arrests were made over the weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "11433335", "title": "Army holds free medical camp in Kokrajhar", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: A free medical and dental camp was organized by the 15{+t}{+h} Dogra Regiment of the Army as part of its Operation Sadbhavana at Jharbari, a remote place in Kokrajhar district, on Saturday with the aim of providing relief to villages in interior areas.The camp was conducted in association with the state health department and 321 Field Hospital. A team comprising five Army doctors, including one dental surgeon and four doctors of Kokrajhar's RN Brahma Civil Hospital attended the camp and checked and treated over 700 patients of the locality.The camp benefited the villagers who are poor and are unable to go for treatment due to lack of good medical facilities in the vicinity.The president of the Kokrajhar district committee of All Bodo Students Union (Absu), Lawrence Islary took part in the medical camp. Islary said such camps are required in most remote parts of the district for the poor people who can't afford healthcare.The greater Jharbari area, including Bismuri, Bashbari, Saralpara and Ultapani, along the Indo-Bhutan border, has a population of around 60,000. The area has no medical facilities and the only state dispensary at Jharbari does not have sufficient doctors and nurses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429762", "title": "Nitish addresses students' problems", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar's inaugural address at the 150th Foundation Day celebrations of Patna College at the college ground here on Monday virtually turned into a sort of 'Chhatra Darbar', with the students raising their grievances and the CM redressing them spontaneously.In the midst of CM's address, some students drew his attention towards dearth of teachers in the college. Responding immediately, Nitish said, \"Study hard and become teachers. Talented students now-a-days do not want to join teaching profession, they prefer to join multinational companies.\" He asked the HRD principal secretary, Anjani Kumar Singh, who was present on the occasion, to expedite appointment of teachers against vacant posts. He assured the students that the problem of shortage of teachers would be solved soon.When some other students demanded repair of college hostels and provision of better facilities therein, Nitish asked the college principal and the HRD principal secretary to visit the hostels and make an assessment of the requirement. He said that all these hostels would be repaired soon. \"I used to visit these hostels during my student days. They were in very good shape then,\" he said. Another student asked for Wi-Fi connection in the college, to which the CM immediately ordered for providing this facility to students.When another group of agitating students demanded elections to the university students' union, Nitish said that he was personally in favour of having duly elected students' unions in colleges and universities. But elections to the unions must be held fairly and peacefully. \"After all, these union elections provide basic training in democracy to our youth. Students must take interest in politics so that they might become politically conscious,\" he said. The chief minister said that he was proud of the youth of Bihar. \"Our students excel at all the national-level competitive examinations and they must keep it up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431496", "title": "Cong leader Vidrohi's security withdrawn", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government withdrew the security cover of Congress leader Ved Prakash Vidrohi on Sunday, hours after he addressed a rally to protest the alleged bias of government towards south Haryana, at Mahendergarh.According to Vidrohi, the state government had provided him security in 2006 without his request. Neither DGP, CID, P V Rathee nor SP, Rewari, Vikash Arora could be contacted for comments.Vidrohi, known as a firebrand leader, said, \"I have differences with chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , specially about discrimination towards southern Haryana in terms of development and government jobs.\" In October, 2011, Congress had removed Vidrohi as spokesperson of Haryana Pradesh Congress Committee. A Gandhian socialist, Vidrohi had joined Congress in 2004, quitting the state presidentship of Janta Dal when that party made alliance with BJP .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431596", "title": "PU students to turn tables on faculty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is again time for the role reversal which Panjab University teachers don't entirely appreciate. Their pupils would be evaluating them, unofficially, on forms that are provided by Panjab University Campus Students Council (PUCSC). The process would take place following semester exams. Students who have attended 75% of total classes would evaluate teachers. The draft of the forms is being created.\"We are identifying parameters for this. The drive will start shortly,\" said Pushpinder Sharma, president of PUCSC.The first time such an evaluation was done in 2010. That process had attracted opposition from teachers even though their union had agreed to the evaluation in principle. PU management has been avoiding taking sides in connection with this contentious issue.\"Despite University Grants Commission recommending implementation of teachers' evaluation system, PU has never taken the matter seriously. Since we had promised students at the time of elections that we would conduct evaluation, the process would start this month,\" added Manoj Lubana, representative of Students Organization of Panjab University, which holds three of the four PUCSC positions.PU Teachers' Union president Akshaya Kumar said such evaluation had no credibility. \"A teacher is evaluated every single day by his students. There is nothing official about such a drive,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431081", "title": "Five Indore doctors hauled up", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) has issued a show cause notice to five doctors of Indore's Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC) for not following clinical trials norms while conducting them on 241 patients , who visited MGMC's psychiatry ward.Notices have also been sent to three companies - Zydus Cadila, Mcure and Intas - to explain the deficiencies at the earliest. The DCGI has threatened to blacklist the doctors from all other trials they are involved in if they fail to reply at the earliest. Around 233 patients in Indore were subjected to clinical trials to check the efficacy of drugs, including 42 patients for Dapoxetine, a drug used to cure premature ejaculation.An independent team of investigators - sent by the DCGI - submitted its report to thehealth ministry on Monday.The report has cleared the investigators of carrying out the trial on \"mentally ill\" patients . The investigating team, however, took cognizance to the fact that investigators did not possess with them the original consent forms. The forms were taken away by the sponsors of the trial, \"which is a serious offence\" .A ministry official said, \"Most of the patients were suffering from erectile dysfunctions and were being treated by psychiatrists from that medical college.\" He added, \"However, show cause notices have been served on the doctors for serious administrative lapses and deviation from GCT guidelines while carrying out the trial.\"The charges against the doctors by are that they had photocopies of consent forms instead of the original, had taken approval for the trials from independent ethics committees attached to private hospitals and did not inform the MGMC where they work as employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430095", "title": "CM tries to ward off AMRI clouds", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee sought to dispel the business community's apprehensions following the arrest of six AMRI directors. At the Bengal Leads 2012 meet on Monday, the CM said that investors had nothing to fear, though \"crime will not be excused in the name of business\".In an indirect reference to the AMRI Dhakuria fire of December 9 that killed 91 people and led to the hospital's closure, Mamata said \"murder was a crime\". Reiterating her tough stand against those responsible for the gruesome deaths, she said the law of the land will take its course. \"Let us keep crime and business separate. There are problems relating to fire safety,\" she said.The arrest of AMRI directors - including RS Agarwal, RS Goenka, Prashant Goenka and Manish Goenka - had led to speculations about the business community's participation in the meet. A section of the industrialists had even expressed reservations about joining the biz meet at a time when some of their colleagues were behind bars. The resentment was fanned by FIwhich came out strongly in favour of the arrested AMRI directors, saying that their arrest was unjustified since they were not involved in day-to-day operations.In a statement on January 2, FICCI said that those found guilty after enquiry \"should be punished without any discrimination or favour\" and that such a step will act as a deterrent against any future negligence or mala fide actions.\"At the same time, those who are not found guilty and are not responsible for day to day operations of any business should be released immediately. This is only fair and will also prevent the spread of any negative sentiments within the domestic investor community...\" the FICCI statement had said.Eventually, the speculations turned out to be largely unfounded. All leading city industrialists - including SK Birla, GP Goenka, Sanjeev Goenka, Harsh Neotia, MK Jalan, Sanjay Budhia and Shreevardhan Goenka - attended the meet. \"Some people are trying to spread false rumours. Let's not let it affect the investment climate of the state,\" Mamata said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11434867", "title": "Five hurt as tenants resort to stone pelting", "text": "INDORE: Five persons, including a woman, sustained injuries after six of their tenants resorted to stone pelting for the delay happened in opening the main entrance in Banganga area here late on Sunday night. Six persons have been arrested in this regard.Police said that Shahsikant Bundela, his father Jagdish Bundela, mother Asha Bundela and two other tenants were injured when six of the tenants identified as Munna Yadav, Kalu Yadav, Golu Yadav, Anil Pal, Ramu and Raju Yadav, all were booked by the police, allegedly pelted stones on them for not opening the gate.According to police, the accused, who had been staying in the house of Bundelas for the last several months, were warned by the Bundelas to reach house early, failing which, they would close the gates at 11 pm. Despite repeated warnings, the accused did not bother and continued with their habit of reaching late. This ended up in the stone pelting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431623", "title": "480 hit school seat 'jackpot'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The educational dice rolled for kindergarten admissions in city on Monday and while 480 came out winners, there were thousands left disappointed at the end of the process. Three schools where most parents want their children to study held lucky draws for handing out seats to students. These were the all-boys' St John's High School, Sector 26, and all-girls' Carmel Convent School, Sector 9, and Sacred Heart School.St John's had 160 seats, 40 of which were reserved under Right to Education Act. At Sacred Heart, there were 200 seats, with 50 reserved under RTE Act. Carmel Convent School had 120 seats, including 30 for Act's requirements.The draws were video recorded and separate ones were conducted for students' siblings. Schools first called out application numbers and then put those into the boxes to satisfy parents and then called parents and children randomly for taking out slips. At St John's, 93 of the 120 general seats were open and 27 were reserved for subcategories like students' siblings and wards of teachers and alumni. In Carmel Convent School, 25 of the 90 general category seats were open. At Sacred Heart School, out of 150 seats for general category, 75 were given to general public, five were put on waiting list and 70 reserved for other categories.Draws started at around 3.45pm in the three schools and list would be displayed on Tuesday after 10am.Sacred Heart also gave admission to 43 students of economically weaker section for the 50 seats under the Right to Education Act. The process of admission would continue till seats remain vacant. Carmel Convent and St John's High School would decide on the draw date for EWS students later.Preeti Chaudhary, one of the lucky parents, whose daughter was selected at Sacred Heart, said, \"I am thrilled. This school was my first preference. Now I can relax for next 10 years.\" Bhavana Arora was another parent with a huge smile as her son got selected at St John's High School. St Anne's Convent School in Sector 32 will conduct its draw on January 10 at 3.30pm. The school has 200 seats out of which 50 will be reserved under RTE Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11431775", "title": "Ex-councillor\u2019s son shot at", "text": "GURGAON: The son of an ex-councillor was shot at and robbed of his laptop and mobile phone on Sunday night in Palam Vihar. Sachin Nasa, son of Surender Nasa, runs a mobile shop in Vayapar Kendra of Palam Vihar. On Sunday night, Sachin went to get his Honda City car from parking after closing his shop. He was held at gunpoint in the parking lot by unidentified men. When he resisted, they shot him in the leg and fled with his laptop and mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429477", "title": "NMC gets special website, voters list, EVMs for Rs 80 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: The State Election Commissioner (SEC) has collected Rs 80 lakh from Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to undertake several civic election related works, including a special website, preparing voters lists, new EVMs, and banners to encourage voter enlistment.An official from NMC told TOI the SEC had asked NMC to deposit Rs 80 lakh a few months ago. This amount was arrived at by projecting a cost of roughly Rs 4 per voter for all the above works.\"SEC has now established a special website for NMC - - comprising all details about the election scheduled for February 2012. The SEC is controlling the website and uploading election related announcements and details from time to time. The draft of ward-wise final voters list will be uploaded on the website on January 12. Then, suggestions and objections on the voters list will also be invited from January 12 to 17. The final voters list will be made public on January 23 on the website itself,\" he said.However, the SEC has not said whether the same website will be used for other elections, or limited to the civic elections.With the funds collected from NMC the SEC has also provided materials like posters and banners for 'Be Voter Mission', launched to increase voting percentage. Besides, SEC would also supply 2,500 new electronic voting machines (EVMs) from the funds made available by NMC.\"SEC has set aside Rs 2 per voter from the deposited amount to prepare the final voters list. NMC will provide the ward-wise voters list to the SEC. The commission will prepare the final list in PDF format and provide the same to NMC and also upload it on NMC's election website,\" said the official.Meanwhile, the voters helpline - 9225320011 - launched by SEC for 10 municipal corporations, including NMC, seems to be helpless in serving citizens. On Monday, a lady from Diamond Nagar, Aruna Selotkar, came to the office of superintendent of elections to find her number in the voters list.One of the officials asked Selotkar to either contact the official concerned at the district administration or call the helpline. On her request, the TOI correspondent called the helpline number being operated from Pune. However, the lady at the helpline could not find Selotkar's name in the voters list.\"I have been voting for the last 20 years and also exercised my franchisee in the recent Lok Sabha and assembly polls. I even have a voting I-card. I want the number mentioned on the voters list, since it is mandatory for filling the application form seeking a ticket from the Congress. How can my name go missing from the voters list?\" asked Selotkar.The name of a top official from the office of superintendent of elections is also reportedly missing from the voters list available on NMC's election website. \"I think the problem lies with the list provided by the district administration to the SEC. It cannot be a system fault or a problem with the helpline,\" said an NMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11424212", "title": "Anushka Sharma's starry tantrums", "text": "Saturday night, at annual police show Anuksha Sharma threw a full-fledged tantrum because she wanted her act to follow after Aamir Khan and she wasn't allowed to do so.Says an eye-witness, \"A line-up of performances had been made by the organisers in the order that it would be telecast on television. When Anushka heard she was not going to perform after Aamir she threw a fit. Organisers of the event, the Morani brothers, were stressed as they had no control over the order.\"A source adds, \"Anushka was having a meltdown because it had been communicated to her that her act would follow Khan's. Last year too the actress had kicked up a fuss during Shabana Azmi's Mizwan event, as she wanted to walk the ramp after Ranbir Kapoor. There was Malaika Arora Khan and Mallika Sherawat present too but they didn't protest.\"The source continues, \"Anushka walked in with her entourage and didn't mix with some stars. She walked in and greeted Aamir but completely ignored Zayed Khan and Shreyas Talpade who were sitting next to Aamir.\"Anushka's publicist maintains, \"She didn't throw any tantrum at all. When she came in, Aamir was already performing. It's true that she was to perform after Aamir but then the organisers, the Moranis, requested her to perform after Vishal-Shekhar, Mallika Sherawat and Zayed Khan, and she complied.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429500", "title": "Anti-superstition NGO's anti-corruption campaign", "text": "NAGPUR: With Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections due on February 16, political activities are hotting up in the city, with not only political parties but social organizations also stepping in. The Nagpur unit of Akhil Bharatiya Bhrastachar Nirmulan Sangharsh Samiti too has decided to launch an agitation against corruption in the civic body.The organization held a peaceful protest at RBI square on Monday. The organization submitted a memorandum to civic chief Sanjeev Jaiswal to implement citizens' charter in NMC and demanded an inquiry into Starbus scam, said organization's national president Ramcharan Dubey.The voters in Nagpur city were fed up with rampant corruption and scams involving elected public representatives, he said.\"In our campaign, we would point to the lopsided development of the city. We hope the voters appreciate our line of thinking,\" said state unit president Pravin Sharma. He said that civic amenities are in place in areas where corporators hail from the ruling party, while wards represented by corporators from opposition parties were ignored.\"As far as corruption charges are considered, both ruling and opposition were totally non-performing parties, and office-bearers and the bureaucrats were steeped in corruption. The voters had no alternative and hence we have decided to launch the agitation,\" claimed Sharma.Citing an example, Sharma said leader of opposition and many corporators in NMC had raised the issue of corruption in procuring JNNURM sponsored Starbuses. But after a couple of days of agitation, including lodging a police complaint, they suddenly sit quiet, which indicates foul play. \"We will tell the people that both BJP and Congress have indulged in corruption, so don't vote for corrupt candidates,\" Sharma said.He said the organization would also hold gatherings and tell people not to vote for corrupt candidates, including sitting corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431617", "title": "CVC in favour of CBI probe into Haryana forest scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission has advised the Union environment and forests ministry to ask the Haryana government to file an FIR in the multi-crore forest scam and transfer the case to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).The CVC wrote to the ministry after the CBI analysed the case and said it was fit to be investigated independently by the agency. The investigating agency had noted that it required the state government to file an FIR and transfer the case to CBI, besides the Centre too entrusting the agency with the probe.A two-member committee of the environment ministry had earlier uncovered large-scale embezzlement of central government funds and violation of Supreme Court orders in Haryana. It had identified senior state officials, including some in the chief minister's office, and a state minister for trying to hush up the case and instead persecuting the whistleblower forest official Sanjiv Chaturvedi.The committee showed the lengths to which the Haryana authorities went to harass the IFS official. \"All the powers available with the vested interests in the state government, including suspension, issuing chargesheet and keeping it pending for more than three years, frequent transfers, slapping false cases etc were applied on the officer,\" the committee had said.The environment ministry had got the false chargesheet against the officer quashed, sought his transfer to Delhi on deputation and initially asked the state government to take action on the its two-member committee's report.The state government, which had transferred the whistleblower a dozen times and hoisted false charges on him, had trashed the report. It had also blamed central government officials of acting with malafide intention and Chaturvedi of using the media and other officials to protect his wrongdoings.Even on the issue of sending Chaturvedi to the central government on deputation, the state under the instructions of the chief minister, reiterated the charges against central government officials as well as the whistleblower officer.In the meantime, the CVC had asked CBI for its opinion on the case. The CBI got back to the CVC affirming that it was a fit case of corruption for investigation. The CVC wrote to the environment ministry in December recommending filing of FIR and transfer of the case to the central agency but the ministry is yet to act upon the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429716", "title": "Cops arrest Chhotu Dom, 17 other criminals", "text": "PATNA: In separate operations carried out by the Patna Police late on Sunday night, as many as 18 criminals, including notorious criminal Chhotu Dom, were arrested. Chhotu was wanted in 35 cases.SSP Alok Kumar on Monday said that after receiving information that Chhotu was on way to Patna from Nalanda by road, a police team, comprising City SP Kim and SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar, carried out a raid near a petrol pump on New Bypass and arrested the gangster. He said that the police team recovered over Rs 2 lakh cash and a cellphone from Chhotu. The SSP said that he was also involved in the dacoity in the house of a postal department accountant on Hardinge Park Road under Kotwali police station in the wee hours of January 5 night. Chhotu had sold the looted gold ornaments worth over Rs 2 lakh and was returning home here with the money. He said that he had escaped from PMCH premises recently.The SSP said that acting on a tip-off that a group of criminals had assembled near a petrol pump at Paijaba locality under Bypass police station on Sunday night and were planning to commit some crime, the team carried out a raid there. Seeing the team, the criminals tried to escape on a pick-up van, Alok said and added that police team arrested 12 criminals after chasing them. The arrested criminals have been identified as Kallu Dom, Mukendra Dom, Dipu Kumar, Lallu Kumar, Govind Mahato, Shankar Kumar, Sonu Kumar, Shiva Manjhi, Dhannu Dom, Vicky Dom, Chotu Choudhary and Vijendra Kumar. He said that Kallu and Mukendra are notorious gangsters and were involved in several cases of dacoity and loot under Bypass, Khajekallan, Agamkuan and Alamganj police stations in Patna. The police recovered four countrymade pistols, seven live cartridges, four cellphones from them, besides seizing the van.The SSP said that the arrested criminals confessed that they were on way to the railway godown at Fatuha to commit dacoity there. He said that the arrested criminals were also involved in copper wire loot case at Terhi Pul under Deedarganj police station and a dacoity case lodged with the Jehanabad Government Railway Police (GRP) station.Alok further said that on Sunday night, a group of criminals entered the medicine shop of one Raghvendra Prasad Singh at Ramsuchit Path under Buddha Colony police station by cutting the asbestos sheet. He said that hearing the noise of cutting, the locals woke up and the criminals fled from there. The SSP said that a Buddha Colony police patrolling team reached there and arrested a criminal, identified as Sadav. He said that acting on the revelations made by him, Buddha Colony police station SHO arrested Sadav's four associates identified as Sahid alias Saiyan, Mohd Ali, Mohd Sahnabaz and Sadam. Alok said that the police recovered a stolen laptop and four cellphones from them. He said that a three-wheeler was also seized in which the arrested criminals used to move and commit crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11435411", "title": "Sehwag dividing Team India, says Australian media", "text": "NEW DELHI: Is Team India divided or has the defeat in two Tests in Australia and four in England caused fissures in the team? Or as in the past, Australia is playing mind games and our cricketers should not be bothered at all?An article in Australian newspaper Herald Sun says, \"Virender Sehwag is the man polarizing opinions in the Indian rooms.\" The paper quotes Australian pacer Ryan Harris as saying that the \"Indians were fighting among themselves\" and the team does not have unity.According to the article there is a division in the team on who should captain the Indian team. According to the report, some players are in favour of Sehwag as captain while a section wants Mahendra Singh Dhoni to continue as skipper.The paper also talks about former Indian coach Greg Chappell who had observed in his autobiography Fierce Focus that young members of the team were too afraid of some of their seniors to speak in the team meetings.Meanwhile, Australian vice-captain Brad Haddin has taken aim at struggling India, saying the tourists \"break quicker than anyone in the world\" and turn on each other when things are not going their way.Wicketkeeper Haddin turned up the heat on India, trailing 2-0 ahead of Friday's third Test in Perth, by revealing that Australia had discussed the tourists' mental frailties.\"We spoke about a bit of that when we were batting,\" Haddin was quoted as saying in the Sydney Morning Herald .\"The longer we could keep them out on the field the bigger chance we had of breaking them.\"\"We know this side can be as fragile as any team in the world if things aren't going their way and they can turn on each other and the media turns on them pretty quick.\"\"We knew if we could keep them out there and put the numbers like we did on the board we knew we'd get the rewards because they break quicker than anyone in the world.\"We know that Australians are good at mind games!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430927", "title": "Cigarette firm forced govt to remove gory pictures: RTI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Philip Morris, manufacturers of Marlboro, was pressuring the Union health ministry to change pictoral warnings on tobacco packs that bore a close resemblance to English footballer John Terry, an RTI has found.The company's letter was sent to the ministry on November 3, 2011 - less than a month before the new pictorial health warnings were to be implemented on all tobacco packages.The RTI revealed that Morris asked the ministry to remove the image to avoid confusion: a move that tobacco activists say was to derail the process of implementation of the new pictorial health warning from December 1.However, the letter from the company says, \"We do not believe that this issue should delay the implementation of the health warnings in India but do request your confirmation that the selected image should be used.\" In reply, the ministry sent a letter to Morris, stating \"the pictorial warning are mere sketches and does not relate to any person living or dead\". The ministry asked Morris to choose any other picture out of the set of four each for lung and oral cancer. The letter, which was sent by the ministry to Philip Morris on November 25, says, \"in case of any doubt, you are in liberty to choose any one out of the set of four pictures.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11431519", "title": "Another hookah bar raided", "text": "PANCHKULA: During its ongoing campaign against nicotine, the Food and Drugs Authority (FDA) team raided a hookah bar Sector 16 on late Monday night. Samples were seized from the bar and they would be sent for testing at the State Drug Laboratory, Chandigarh for its nicotine content. Any product containing nicotine needs to be sold and manufactured under a valid drug licence under the provision of the Drug and Cosmetics Act, 1940, and rules made thereunder. The department has also asked all inspected outlets to present the record of purchase and sale of nicotine. Legal action would be initiated against the defaulters after examining the test reports issued by the laboratory, an FDA team member added.There are three types of hookah tobacco, the first is unwashed tobacco which contains 0.5% nicotine, second is the washed tobacco which contains 0.05% nicotine and the third form is used as herbal tobacco. Molasses tobacco is mainly produced in the western Arabian countries and is imported in different flavours such as chocolate, strawberry, vanilla, lime and others available in the form of tablets in packets weighing 50gm to 1kg. The molasses tobacco is toxic for users contrary to the popular belief.Following the directions of Punjab and Haryana high court, the state government had constituted a task force at all districts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11436338", "title": "George Clooney keeps Stacy 'locked up'", "text": "George Clooney keeps girlfriend Stacy Keibler \"locked up\".The Hollywood heartthrob has been dating the former WWE Diva for around five months and he admits he doesn't like to let her out of his sight.He joked: \"I don't let her go out. Don't let her do anything!\"Speaking at the Palm Springs Film Festival, Stacy added: \"George keeps me locked up!\"As well as keeping Stacy close, George, 50, also gives his 32-year-old girlfriend fashion advice.She said: \"We sort of have the same taste so it's pretty easy. Whatever I end up liking, he likes it too. So it works out good because if he didn't, then I don't know what I would do!\"However, it seems George may be slightly worried about criticising Stacy as he recently admitted she can \"kick his ass\" with her wrestling moves.The 'Descendants' star said: \"She's very tall. She can kick my ass. She can take me two out of three falls.\"However, George said he doesn't have to worry too much about feeling the wrath of Stacy's temper because she's such a lovely person.He said: \"She's a nice girl. She really is.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11431455", "title": "Plea to increase procurement prices of turmeric, tapioca", "text": "TRICHY: A group of farmers from Musiri taluk thronged the district collectorate to put forth their demand for increasing the purchase rate of turmeric and tapioca as the season of harvest commenced in Trichy on Monday.Farmers from the Tamil Nadu Farmers Association led by its district president R Subramani of Anjalam village, Thalaimalai Naal road, Thaa Pettai union, Musiri taluk came with their produce to show it to the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan.Before submitting their petition to the collector, Subramani told TOI that most of the farmers in around 110 villages and two town panchayats Thaa Pettai and Mettupalayam were relied heavily on the agricultural sector. But the market price of turmeric and tapioca had plunged steeply to Rs 2,500 to 3,000 per quintal. During the last season, a quintal of turmeric had been sold at Rs 17,000 to 18,000 in the Erode market. However, the sudden drop in the price of turmeric had put the farmers at stake as the production cost of turmeric was high compared to last year due to the price hike in fertilizers and agriculture labour charges.Traders in the Erode market were also not very interested since instead of turmeric, a new variety of powder was available in the market. Hence, they were ready to pay only a meagre amount for turmeric, he said.The price of tapioca, another major cultivation in this area is tapioca has also dropped steeply. Usually, the produce was sold to private mills in the vicinity of Musiri taluk producing maida and sago. During the last season, a pack of 80 kg cost Rs 700. But this year, they had to sell it for Rs 100 only as they were availing imported starch for manufacturing their products, he said. Hence, they demanded to promote the export of sago so that there will be an increase in the price of tapioca. The government should take steps to stop importing starch for manufacturing sago and maida. Since they were deprived of water for cultivation, the government should think of deepening the lake in Thalaimalai to store more rain water, they demanded. Later, they submitted their petition to the collector who asked the concerned officials to sort out the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430475", "title": "Few takers for univ's Lonavla 'picnic' meet", "text": "MUMBAI: Several senate members of the University of Mumbai are away from the chill of the city and have descended at the even 'cooler' hill station of Lonavla to discuss academic excellence and institution building.It is after a long time that the university's officials and senate members stepped out of the Fort campus to hold an out-station meetingOn Monday, senate members had \"an informal discussion about several matters\", including student welfare, faculty training and development, functioning of grievance committees and achieving academic excellence.On day two, senate members would focus on funding and reforms required in the examination system.However, not many senate members were happy with the idea of travelling out for such an exercise. The 17 BUCTU members refrained from going to Lonavla; even the eight members from the Yuva Sena stayed away from the \"picnic\".Close to 40 agreed to go and they are all residing at Kaivalyadhaam for two days.\"There have been such informal meetings before, but we did not want the university to take senate members out of town for such a discussion,\" said a BUCTU member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429602", "title": "'Submit dog bite cases data in last 6 months'", "text": "NAGPUR: Expressing deep anguish over Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) failure to control stray dogs menace in the city, Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Monday asked the state government to submit a data of dog bite cases in the city in last six months.A division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Ashok Bhangale asked NMC to provide entire data on an affidavit within two weeks. The court directives came while hearing a PIL (No. 562/2006) filed by social worker Vijay Talewar wherein he claimed that around 34,000 stray dogs across the city have become nuisance for the citizens and civic body had miserably failed to control their menace. Firdos Mirza was counsel for the petitioner.During last hearing, the court had asked NMC commissioner to submit the data regarding funds spent to address this problem, names of NGOs who were assigned task of taking care of the canines and amount paid to them for the same. The judges also told NMC chief to submit details about number of dog bite cases and compensation given to the victims. The court relied on its earlier orders given by a division bench of justices JN Patel and SR Dongaonkar on June 14, 2006.In earlier hearing, court had directed NGOs which opposed killing of stray dogs to adopt them in their respective localities in the city obtain their license and take their full care. The court also warned them that these dogs should not harass the citizens. If any such incidence is reported, the NGO from that area should compensate those citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11433427", "title": "HC raps CID for improper probe into journalist murder", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court hammered the CID for running a lackadaisical investigation into the murder case of journalist Anil Mazumdar, who was killed by unidentified gunmen in 2009 in front of his house here. The court also slammed the state government for not doing the investigation properly and said it suspected a high-level conspiracy in the killing.Mazumdar, the editor of a vernacular daily in the city, was killed by unknown gunmen on March 24, 2009. He was shot from a close range. The state government had immediately referred the case to CID for investigation. But no one was ever arrested in the case.The high court had then asked the state government to hand over the investigation to the CBI under the Special Police Act within 15 days. The order came after Mallika Kalita, Mazumdar's widow, filed a petition on November 23 in the high court saying that she had lost confidence in the CID investigation.\"It was found that a very important lead in the investigation has not been pursued by the CID at all for some undisclosed reason. The investigation agency did not manage to book the culprits and it appears that the trail has gone cold. It was also found that the CID virtually wrapped up the investigation after the murder of one of the suspects, which appears to be a strange way of drawing a curtain on the probe,\" said the high court order.Bijoy Phukan, a Sulfa and the prime suspect in the case, was found dead in Nalbari district a fortnight after the journalist's murder. Bijoy was abducted and killed by unidentified assailants in 2009 when he was out on bail.The high court order also blamed the state government for its careless approach in the murder case. \"The court further found that the government of Assam is reluctant to carry out an effective investigation in the murder of the journalist. Apart from this, the order also indicated the involvement of high profile people in the killing plot,\" said Nekibur Zaman, counsel of Mallika Kalita.\"From the report, it transpires that a vital lead has not been pursued by the CID. Another angle that surfaced is involvement of some high profile people,\" said the court order of justice S Talapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11430516", "title": "28 yrs on, relief eludes 'Veer Nari'", "text": "PATNA: Poor Tusia Devi has been running from pillar to post for the last 28 years. This 53-year-old widow of an Army signalman, Mahendra Kumar Sharma, is seeking financial assistance and a plot of land as per the policy of Bihar government, but to no avail so far.Sharma laid down his life while fighting the road robbers who attacked the state transport bus he was travelling in on January 27, 1984, near Jehangirpur village in Jehanabad district. Before dying, he saved the lives of 40 passengers, including 16 schoolchildren.A year later, the President conferred 'Shaurya Chakra' on Sharma posthumously for his act of gallantry. The Army sanctioned his widow a pension. The then Army chief, General A S Vaidya , in his condolence message to her, said, \"Your husband's gallantry will always be remembered.\" But in no time, it appears, everybody forgot his sacrifice.Since then, Tusia is fighting a battle for survival. She has approached the President, Prime Minister, defence minister, Army chief and chief minister to get her dues, but without any result. Though she is not a war widow, the Army's letters to her refer to her as the `Veer Nari', who fought odds to raise her two children and who is supposed to get \"liberalized family pension\" from the Army.On her request for financial assistance, the director of Army Welfare Directorate under the state home department wrote to her that in 1985, there had been no provision for annuity payment to kin of Shaurya Chakra awardee. Tusia, who lives at Kinjar in Arwal district, said, \"The state government's refusal to pay me annuity was unjust.\"Finally, Tusia approached the State Information Commission (SIC) late last year. The SIC lashed at authorities for their dilly-dallying attitude towards a 'Veer Nari'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431037", "title": "Land scam: Court summons CBI chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court has summoned the CBI director to explain how crucial documents in the multi-crore Molarband and Dheerpur land scam, involving 'chole-bhature' vendor Ashok Malhotra, have gone missing.The case pertains to Delhi Vidhan Sabha canteen's former contractor Ashok Malhotra, who was arrested in 2007 along with MCD and DDA officials, for allegedly conspiring to acquire plots meant for resettlement of slum dwellers and subsequently selling them at exorbitant rates.Special CBI judge A K Mendiratta issued notice to the CBI director to appear before it on January 12, saying, \"I am of the view that in the facts and circumstances, notice be issued to the director, CBI to appear in person to explain the circumstances in which facts regarding the missing documents were suppressed. The matter is of exceptional nature as the sensitive documents relating to the case have not been placed along with the chargesheet and are stated to be missing.\"On November 28, 2011 the court was told by the CBI that the documents and the statements could not be filed in court as the investigating officer (IO) of the case, inspector D K Thakur, had been arrested.The CBI also told the court that the case record was not handed over by Thakur to any other IO and that the documents could not be recovered from his almirah. \"Such a crucial fact does not appear to have been brought to the notice of the court for a period of about 4 years, despite filing of the chargesheet on November 17, 2007. The case has been repeatedly adjourned and is pending for supply of copies for over four years,\" Mendiratta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "vizag", "code": "11430370", "title": "Protesting slum dwellers caned", "text": "VIZAG: Tension prevailed at the GVMC office in Vizag when thousands of agitators damaged the glass facades by pelting stones demanding the authorities to drop the move to shift them from their slums, on Monday. Trouble broke out when more than a thousand dwellers of seven slum areas in the city tried to barge into the office and were caned by the police instead. Two agitators and a woman constable were injured in the incident. tnnThe agitators attacked the GVMC office demanding the authorities to drop the move to shift them from their slums. The civic body mulled shifting of slum areas like Indira Nagar, Seva Nagar and Omkar Nagar from Railway New Colony. The railway authorities accepted to provide land for the proposed BRTS project but put a condition that Seva Nagar and Omkar Nagar be evacuated.The slum dwellers under the aegis of Murikiwadala Nivasula Sankshema Sangham blocked all entry points to the GVMC office and denied entry to the mayor and corporators. Police resorted to lathicharge to disperse them. \"Police behaved like beasts. They did not consider even the women. Many women were dragged out,\" an agitator of Indira Nagar Ramanamma said.Venkateswarlu, who spearheaded the protest, alleged that GVMC Commissioner B Ramanjaneyulu was forcibly trying to take up evacuation of the poor people for the benefit of some realtors. Human Rights Forum (HRF) state secretary V S Krishna condemned the lathicharge on the agitators.However, the commissioner of GVMC said 741 slums have been identified and the corporation has decided to shift only 23 slums to other places for development purposes. All the displaced people would be given houses under JNNURM, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11432964", "title": "Two youths lynched in Sambalpur", "text": "SAMBALPUR: On the eve of the festival of Pushpuni, a double murder rocked Sambalpur district on Monday. Two youths were lynched to death by the villagers of Kudhernisha, under Sambalpur's Dhama police station limits, after they attacked two villagers in an inebriated condition. Police registered a case and detained eight persons of the village in this connection. The bodies were handed over to their respective families after an autopsy.The deceased were identified as Arun Meher of Babukhinda village and Abinash Das of Burla town.Sources said Meher was a regular visitor to the house of one Tofan Pradhan of the village. Both were working in Talabira mines area. On Sunday morning, Meher along with his friend Abinash visited the house to celebrate Pushpuni, considered a unique festival that was observed in the entire western Odisha with much merry-making on Sunday.Arun and Abinash had alcohol and went out to take a bath in the village pond. During the bath, they had a heated argument with a village youth Bira Nayak. The matter, however, was settled by the interference of others. Then in the evening, Arun and Abinash attacked Bira and his uncle when they confronted with each other in the village again. Bira threatened to take revenge of the attack.\"Bira and other villagers barged with lathis and stones to attack Arun and Abinash late in the evening. They tried to hide in a house to ward off the villagers but they were pulled out and mercilessly lynched,\" said Tofan's mother.Police are suspecting some foul play in the incident. \"Though we have not yet ascertained the exact reason behind the incident, we suspect some illegal or love relation of the deceased with someone in the village, which forced the villagers to take such a step. However, at present it is premature to draw a conclusion,\" said additional SP (Sambalpur) Dilip Kumar Deo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11431424", "title": "Youth falls for prank SMS, loses money", "text": "MADURAI: Lured by an SMS promising Rs 5.5 crore as lottery, an engineering college student lost Rs 5.10 lakh by religiously following the instructions given by the miscreants.The victim, Senthilkrishnan (21), son of Madhavan from Postal and Telegraph Nagar, Madurai is an engineering student from a local college. He received an SMS in September last, assuring him a prize money of UK Pounds 7 lakh, which is valued at Rs 5.5 crore in Indian currency. He responded to the message by accessing the website given in the message in which he was provided with a link to upload the particulars. Upon providing the details, he was instructed to pay some amount to get few access codes and he ended up paying Rs 5.10 lakh to complete the uploading after which he realised that he was cheated.The Central Crime Branch police said that the case was the first-of-its-kind reported here where the victim was cheated by asking him to upload a fake link. Earlier, the fraudsters used to send the fake certificates to the victims when they respond, making them to believe that they were processing the claim. But this time, they sent a link which looked very similar to the RBI website and asked him to update the details.The link was designed in such a way that it demands various codes like conversion, tax to complete each stage and the victim was asked to pay a particular amount to complete each stage.Police said that Senthilkrishnan was asked to deposit the money which initially started in small amounts. Each time he deposited the money in a particular bank account, the fraudsters used to provide the codes for the next stage and he was lured to pay in lakhs to complete the final stage. However, he could never achieve the final stage of uploading because it was designed to get disconnected before completion. In the meantime, he was contacted through email and phone communication urging him to pay more to get the prize money.In November, after paying Rs 3 lakh for the final stage, he was again asked to remit Rs 7 lakh to get the prize money. Unable to remit such a huge amount, he became suspicious and tried to contact their number and realised that the number was not in use. By that time, he had lost Rs 5.10 lakh. Police sources said that his parents were not educated and they believed his son. They even pawned their jewels to provide money to their son who was dreaming of becoming very rich with the prize money.After realising that he was cheated and he had no way out, Senthilkrishnan filed a complaint with the city crime branch on Sunday evening. The cyber wing of CCB said that they are investigating the case and started tracing the IP addressed used to communicate with the victim.Commissioner of police, P Kannappan has issued a press statement alerting the public to be aware of such fake SMSes and other email communications. Public are warned not to respond to such SMS or email communications received from unknown persons, he had stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431624", "title": "CIC to President office: Make info on black money stashed abroad public", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has directed the President's secretariat to make public details of correspondence among various ministries and the Delhi Police related to black money.The order came following an appeal by RTI applicant Milap Choraria, who had sought to know the action taken on reports on the letters written by him to finance and external affairs ministries among other public authorities, in connection with unaccounted cash stashed abroad.During the hearing, Choraria also submitted that he was mainly interested to get from the office of the President Secretariat the file notings concerning its correspondence with the banking division, finance ministry, MEA and the Delhi Police.\"It seems the Appellant had written a number of letters to various authorities regarding the Indian citizens illegally depositing black money in various foreign banks...The Central Public Information Officer (of the President Secretariat) had provided him with some information while advising him to approach the remaining authorities to know about the action taken by each one of them.``After carefully considering the facts of the case, we do not see any problem in disclosing this information,\" Chief Information Commissioner Satyanand Mishra said in his order.The CIC directed the CPIO to provide information within 10 working days, including photocopies of the file notings from the relevant files in which his letters had been processed and correspondence made with the banking division, ministry of finance, MEA and the Delhi Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433672", "title": "It\u2019s cinema after cricket for Sreesanth", "text": "His goal right now is to get back into the Indian team, but Sreesanth wants to give acting a go too.Sreesanth is down but not out. And the cricketer, who has been out of the Indian squad for a while has a task ahead. \"I have to prove my fitness by March. I'm working hard not only on my body, but also in terms of improving my bowling speed. I am aiming to consistently bowl at over 140kmph,\" says Sree, who has made the garden city his home now. Cricket, it seems, is not Sree's only passion.The cricketer is a trained dancer, and is all set to release an album, Desham, with his band S36. But what's also caught his fancy now, is cinema. And a stint in front of the camera is definitely on the cards. \"I'm interested in acting. It's cinema for me after cricket. But right now, I want to concentrate on my game and get back into the Indian team. Once I retire from active cricket I want to act in a film,\" says the cricketer.(Contributed by Mahesh H)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11434234", "title": "Kim Kardashian: I married too fast", "text": "Kim Kardashian admits she got married \"too fast\".The 31-year-old socialite - who filed for divorce from husband Kris Humphries in October, just 72 days after they tied the knot - admitted she felt a \"weight lifted\" off her shoulders when she first spent time apart from the basketball hunk during a trip to Dubai with mom, Kris Jenner .Speaking in an episode of 'Kourtney and Kim Take New York', she said: \"My heart is telling me I did this too fast,\"I feel like this huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders since I've been here in Dubai. Being away from my husband . I'm back to myself. I'm enjoying this feeling.\"There's something in my relationship that I just feel like isn't right. I'm just learning a lot of things about him that I never knew before. Married life just isn't what I thought it would be like with him.\"Meanwhile, the brunette beauty is now said to be seeking solace in ex-boyfriend Reggie Bush and while the pair have \"no plans\" to reignite their former romance, they have reportedly been speaking for \"long periods\" over the phone.A source told RadarOnline.com: \"The two have been talking for long periods of time on their cell phones and exchanging text messages. Reggie feels bad for Kim and everything she is going through right now.\"Reggie has absolutely no plans on getting back together with Kim. He just doesn't think they are meant to be together.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11431440", "title": "Trichy sugarcane cultivators bitter", "text": "TRICHY: Sugarcane farmers in Trichy district are unhappy with the procurement rate announced by the state government. The proposed Rs 2,100 for a tonne of cane is hardly enough to meet the cost of cultivation, complain farmers.A bitter Pongal awaits us, said P Ayya Kannu, state vice president of Bharathiya Kisan Sangam. He said the chief minister has betrayed her election promise that sugar cane will be procured by her government at Rs 2,500 per tonne. Low prices have made farming non-profitable and farmers may have to observe Pongal as a black day, he said.BKS officials claim that the procurement price fixed by the government is not sufficient to meet the cost of cultivation. They accuse mill owners and the government of prospering at the expense of farmers. According to the farmers, sugar mills churn out a lot more products than just sugar. About 100 kg of sugar is produced from a tonne of sugarcane. A tonne of sugarcane yields 500 kg of waste which can be transformed into paper products. The molasses of 50 litres refined from sugarcane can be converted into at least 30 litres of spirit through dehydration. Through fermentation, liquor can be manufactured. A mill makes a few lakhs from a tonne of sugarcane. Sugarcane wastes are used for manufacturing about 96 products including nail polish, hair-dye, paint etc, said Kannu. When mill owners and the government are making money, why the farmers should live in poverty, he asked.A Karuppannan, Trichy district secretary, DMK farmers' organisation, said sugarcane cultivators have been demanding Rs 3,500 per tonne for a long time. He alleged that the government fixed the rate to satisfy mill owners with the intention to buy their support to run the party and the government. Puliyur A Nagarajan, a farmer, said a meeting of farmers, mill representatives and the government, was scheduled to be held December prior to deciding the procurement price but was not held. The government announced it without the consent of farmers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430649", "title": "Never-ending wait for driver's licences at Sholinganallur", "text": "CHENNAI: Software engineer K Santosh Yadav missed a day's work this week as he had to wait to get his learner's licence at the Sholinganallur motor vehicle inspector's office on Old Mahabalipuram Road. The process, which should be completed in 10 minutes, took him more than six hours.The motor vehicle inspector's office at Sholinganallur has poorly trained, non-permanent staff, which means people wait for long hours at each counter to get any work done. With poor ventilation and lighting, the main waiting hall is stuffy and dim.\"We have been at the mercy of the staff here. They make us to wait for long hours citing lame excuses,\" said K Lakshmi, a final year engineer student in a deemed university at Sholinganallur. Most applicants are college students or IT professionals as the office covers Thoraipakkam, Kelambakkam, Kovilambakkam, Medavakkam, Karapakkam and Neelankarai.To ease the pressure on the lone regional transport office in Meenambakkam, the transport department opened a motor vehicle inspector's office in Tambaram in February 2007. Two years later, five more were opened in the state, including the one at Sholinganallur. The government expanded the jurisdiction of the Sholinganallur and Tambaram offices in 2010.With the expansion, the Sholinganallur office gets more applicants but the facilities haven't improved. An average of 800 applicants visits the office daily. It has a dozen computers for online testing but the tests are not conducted due to frequent power cuts. The office neither has a telephone line.Two years ago, 16,800 sq ft of land in Sholinganallur was allotted to construct a building with testing tracks, but the office is still functioning from rented premises. \"We have taken up the issue of the lack of basic amenities at the office with the higher officials but there has been no response,\" said a transport department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430081", "title": "Jindal pledges to start coal mining", "text": "KOLKATA: Sajjan Jindal , chairman of the JSW Group , requested chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday to move the Centre to solve the \"iron ore crisis\" that has held up the proposed Rs 20,000 crore steel project at Salboni.During her speech at 'Bengal Leads 2012', Mamata had pointedly asked Jindal about the status of the mega project. \"We have cleared everything... When will you start work?\" she asked the industrialist.Later, Jindal indicated that the project would be delayed due to shortage of iron ore but the company would start the work for mining and other processes. The financial closure of the steel project too would not be possible without iron ore linkage, he said.\"The Salboni project has got stuck in the iron ore crisis. We have discussed the issue with the CM. She will take up the matter with the prime minister. There should be some sort of clause in the iron ore policy so that the state without iron ore reserve can have big steel industry,\" he said.Sources say that Mamata Banerjee has already instructed WBIDC managing director Nandini Chakraborty to write a letter to the Centre in this regard. JSW officials had earlier informally requested the state to help procure iron ore from the National Mineral Development Corporation's mines in Orissa and Jharkhand.Though JSW is still unsure about the time-line of the Salboni project, Jindal tried to assure that his firm would start mining. \"We have already started enabling work and invested Rs 600 crore. JSW will invest additional Rs 2,000 crore for coal mining. This work will start now. The chief minister has told me that she would soon visit the site,\" he said.JSW Bengal has got three coal blocks in the state dispensation route - Kulti, Ichapur and Sitarampur in Ranniganj belt. The combined estimated reserve is over 600 million tonnes, say sources. This project also ran into a land hurdle but it was resolved through Mamata Banerjee's intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430889", "title": "Rape victim reduced to a living ghost", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As if the ordeal of 13 months was not enough, her family too disowned her. Life for this young Balva resident, derailed after abduction and rape six years back.The trauma began in November 2006 when the girl, 16-year-old then, was lured with promises of marriage and a good life by Mohabbat Malek, 35, a rickshaw driver. Malek than took her to his brother's place in Sarkhej where she stayed for seven months. He got physically intimate with the girl and then sent her to his parent's house in Malvan village. The girl was forced to do household chores and was often beaten, even tied with chains in the village.What followed later was a more horrifying experience. She managed to escape from her in-laws' house only to get caught in a web of deceit and torture. She was sold twice and raped by several men before she was found by her family.\"Life has been harsh on the girl. She could barely speak or narrate what she had lived through when her father found her after 13 months. But her family refused to accept her and we gave her a shelter. For years after the incident she has become a complete recluse. We taught her sewing to make her self-dependent,\" said Manjula Pradeep, executive director of Navsarjan Trust, which has fought for the girl.\"However, least she expected after the trauma was a fair trial and a speedy justice. Six years after the incident, five persons, including those who sold her, managed to get free due to lack of evidence. It was hard for us to get police act earlier in the case. The shoddy investigations in the case gave the accused in the case an escape route,\" Pradeep added. The girl currently stays at a relative's place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "11429625", "title": "Elephant herd destroys crops in Hassan village", "text": "HASSAN: A herd of 25 elephants went on the rampage at Chinnahalli of Alur taluk here in the wee hours of Monday and destroyed crops worth Rs 50,000.The herd created havoc on Praveen's farm at Chinnahalli, 30km from here, and destroyed coffee plantations and paddy fields, uprooted 25 coconut trees and trampled the area around the lake.Praveen told TOI the herd came around 10pm Sunday and destroyed the crops till 2am Monday. \"I was helpless,\" said Praveen, who lives with his mother on the farm. Incidentally, his father Jayaram was killed in an elephant attack a year ago. He said only Rs 2 lakh of the Rs 5 lakh promised by the forest department has been released. \"The gram panchayat officials are silent on this issue,\" he said.\"We scared away the elephants from a private coffee estate on Sunday evening. Later, these angry animals ravaged the crops at Praveen' farm,\" said Channamallegowda, assistant conservator of forests, Alur taluk. \"On Mondays, a shandy (village market) is held where many people trade. That's why we didn't chase away the elephants from the private coffee plantations,\" he added.So far, 29 persons have been killed and 110 injured due to elephant attacks in the district. In the latest incident a week ago, Nirvanayya, a 50-year-old farmer from Chikkanayakanahalli of Alur taluk was killed when he was working in a paddy field. He was attacked by a radio-collared elephant and sustained injuries on his back and head, to which he succumbed later.Since 1987, 40 elephants have been captured and relocated, while 21 have died due to electrocution (solar fencing) in the district. Two years ago, two elephants were captured and were radio collars attached to them before they were relocated to Bandipur reserve forest. However, they returned to Hassan last year.The ministry of environment and forests approved the capture and relocation of 25 elephants, but the High Court has stayed the same seeking clarifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11429904", "title": "Goa teacher charged with rape of minor", "text": "PANAJI: Well-known artist and art teacher from a city school Kanhaiya Naik, 45, was charged with raping a 17-year-old girl by Panaji police after medical examination suggested \"vaginal penetration\".A rape case was filed after the medical examination report on the minor received from Goa medical college and hospital revealed that there is \"evidence of healed hymenal tear suggestive of vaginal penetration prior to 7 days before the examination\".The girl was medically examined on January 6.Naik, who was earlier charged with molesting the minor, is yet to be arrested. \"He was admitted in a local hospital after he complained of uneasiness and is not yet discharged. He filed for anticipatory bail in the children's court and the mater has been kept for arguments on January 13,\" said police sources.Police said that on December 29, 2011, Naik picked up the girl, a student, from her residence stating he would give her career guidance and took her to his flat at Ribandar. Police sources said Naik clicked photographs of the girl and also molested her. The incident came to light on December 31, 2011, when the girl's mother saw some marks on her neck. Sources said when her mother questioned the girl, she revealed that Naik had molested her.Sources said that on Wednesday, the girl's parents and relatives went to the police station to file a complaint, but backtracked. Based on a complaint filed by an NGO, Children Right's of Goa, police on Thursday registered the case.The case was, at first, registered under Section 341 (wrongful confinement), Section 354 (outraging modesty) of the IPC and Section 8(2) of Goa Children's Act (sexual assault). Charges under Section 376 (rape) was added recently, police sources said.The police have strongly opposed the anticipatory bail of Naik, who is originally from Marcel, stating that they need to interrogate him. Sources added that the police are perplexed that despite repeatedly asking the minor about the rape in front of the NGO, she denied the same. \"We have taken her statement twice in the presence of an NGO. She denied sexual intercourse with the accused Naik,\" said police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11431269", "title": "Lucknow University hostels turning into 'guest houses'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Scores of 'unwanted guests' are putting up in the hostels of Lucknow University (LU). And it needs no mention that they enjoy the patronage of LU staff.We are talking about students expelled from other colleges and LU pass outs. In Habibullah Hostel, these so-called guests are living in large numbers. This hostel also is known for providing protection to expelled students.As per sources, Man Singh, who was expelled from the hostel for indulging in unlawful activities, is currently residing in Habibullah Hostel. A hostel inmate said, There are many such students accompanying him (Man Singh). They flaunt their SUVs and impress boys who come from rural areas. The innocent students are lured with a cup of tea and the student leaders walk along with their army.''Girl students who are involved in some kind of project work have find their place in Golden Jubilee Girls' Hostel. Nearly 25 outsiders including guests are living in Lal Bahadur Shastri Hostel. The maximum number of guests, nearly 70, are staying in Birbal Sahni Hostel which is for research scholars. All they have to pay is Rs 50 per day for lodging and Rs 50 for two-time food.Shockingly, no account for such money is maintained by the university. In other hostels, students from associated colleges are living with their friends who are studying in LU. As per the university rules and regulations, a student who has cleared the intermediate exam can be a resident of university hostel for a maximum of eight years.Out of this, three years are for graduation, two for post-graduation and three for pursuing any other professional course or research work. A guest, however, can stay for three days only. A senior professor said, \"Phenomenal money and slack administration has led to the present situation. The stay of outsiders in LU hostels is completely illegal. Renting out hostels to outsiders is a way of making money by wardens. The law and order problem has already begun on the campus.''Recently, a group of boys belonging to Acharya Narendra Dev Hostel had clashed with a group of wards of university employees. Many such incidents have come to the fore in the recent past. Putting into simple words, a Habibullah hostel inmate said, \"After the cleansing, the university hostels were a peaceful place. But with assembly election approaching in the state, unethical activities are taking toll on the academic atmosphere in hostels, which have now become a perfect platform for politics. They have turned into commercial houses.''All set and done, the university administration seems totally callous about this issue. And it's the top level management which is to be blamed. When asked to comment, university spokesperson Rajesh Mishra said, \"There is no such information with the university. Chief proctor and chief provost deal with these things. If the information is true, we will take immediate action.''It's time for the university to wake up before it will too late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11432497", "title": "Over 5L devotees take dip in Ganga", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Braving cold weather, more than five lakh pilgrims took the dip in Sangam on the occasion of Paush Purnima on Monday. The bathing on the banks of the Ganga and Yamuna continued till late evening.Mela Akhikari Awadesh Singh said the first main bath on account of Paush Poornima passed off peacefully and added that the numbers swelled in the afternoon when the weather conditions slightly improved.Mela authorities said adequate number of ghats have been built for pilgrims to take bath. The Mela authorities expressed satisfaction over the inflow of pilgrims given the intense cold.Mela security in charge said a strict vigil is being kept in the mela area. He added that as there was good flow of pilgrims being witnessed on the occasion of first main bathing day, additional police forces have been stationed at ghats.He said quick reaction teams, anti-mines and sniffer dogs have been deployed at all ghats and bathing points. And, with an aim to offer foolproof security arrangements to pilgrims and devotees, the Mela police also carried out patrolling on river banks.Mela police have also increased the strength of checking points/spots in and around Mela campus and also implemented Disaster Management Plan (DMP) to deal with any eventuality like stampede.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431021", "title": "Soccer match, auto expo to trigger jams", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic congestion is expected in central and New Delhi on Tuesday evening due to an exhibition football match in Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium which will coincide with the auto expo rush and evening peak traffic.The exhibition match, which will take place between India and Germany's Bayern Munich Club will be played on Tuesday from 6pm to 8pm at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. Though Delhi Police has made elaborate arrangements for parking, traffic circulation, pedestrian movement, control and safety of the visitors in and around the stadium, the timing of the match is still expected to cause traffic snarls due to the proximity of the venue to Pragati Maidan, where the auto expo is being held. Traffic cops have warned that there will be no parking for spectators in the vicinity of Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium and those coming to see the match have been advised to take public transport to reach the venue.\"Those coming to see the match can reach Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium metro station or Jangpura metro station and then walk to the stadium,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11431330", "title": "Students of CBSE prefer boards over home examinations", "text": "LUCKNOW: More number of class X students of Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) from the city have opted for the board examination this year. In comparison to the last year, there is about 8% increase in the number of such students.After CBSE on the directives of Ministry of Human Resource and Development implemented the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) in 2010-11, record 90% students from Lucknow had opted for the home examination. Last year, of 8,500 students who took CBSE class X exam in the city, 1,696 opted for the board while the rest wrote the home examination. This year, of 84 CBSE schools in the city, 8,445 students will appear for class X exam. Out of these, 2,048 students have opted for board examination while remaining 6,397 will write the home examination.Confirming the 8% increase, CBSE coordinator, Lucknow, Javed Alam Khan, said: \"There is no compulsion from the Board to take the home examination. I feel the students are taking up the board examination as they feel it is the first step towards achieving success.''\"Board examination is a better way to prepare yourself. It gives a feeling that it is an important exam,'' said a class X student. But students who have opted for the home examination say it keeps them stress-free and help in better preparations.Teachers in CBSE schools too expressed surprise over the change in trend. \"Class X students are grown ups. They know what is better for them. Even we have seen parents telling their child to take board examination as the seriousness of the exam can be maintained,'' said a teacher.CBSE had introduced CCE last year with the objective of reducing stress on the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430084", "title": "Didi Scores Big On Slow Pitch", "text": "KOLKATA: The inaugural session of Bengal Leads 2012 brought some fresh proposals for the investment-hungry state. There were new proposals as well as assurance for commissioning of one of the biggest manufacturing projects lined up in Bengal.Punj Lloyd, one of the biggest construction companies in the country, has expressed interest to participate in infrastructure projects like roads, port and energy. Indonesia-based mining company PT Bumi Resources has expressed interest in investing in mining and energy sector while Tractors and Farm Equipment Chairman Mallika Srinivasan said her company would look forward to be a part of the state in agriculture and small farms. \"We are interested in agro-processing and linkages,\" she added.DLF, the biggest real estate company in India, too, said it was interested in new infrastructure projects. As the proposals kept pouring in, vice-chairman of Matix N Y Kanoria assured that the much-talked-about proposed mega fertilizer project at Panagarh will be commissioned by the end of this year.Chairman of Punj Lloyd, Atul Punj, told TOI that they have a meeting with state industries minister Partha Chatterjee on Monday. \"We have submitted some proposals and are hoping that things will be decided over next 8 to 10 weeks,\" he said. Punj indicated that they were willing to invest in equity in energy and port projects through consortium. It has been learnt that Punj Lloyd might join hands with Universal Success for port and energy projects in Bengal.Bumi chairman N Rathod said they have entered into a coal supply agreement with Universal Success for the proposed power project in Nayachar. \"We are ready to participate in other projects as well,\" he added.According to DLF vice-chairman Rajiv Singh, they are looking forward to more infrastructure projects here. \"I shall come here again soon,\" he assured. Singh had come to the city for the first time.The Matix vice-chairman told TOI that they were confident that the fertilizer plant would start production by end of this year. \"We are starting construction work soon,\" he added. Two months back, the West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC) cleared hurdles for the Rs 4,900-crore fertilizer project of Matix Group. The proposed unit, with 1.5 million tonne capacity, will be the first private sector fertilizer unit in eastern India and the first greenfield fertilizer plant in the country after 15 years. WBIDC has already allotted 500 acres for the project. The plant will produce urea, a key agro input which is now imported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11429835", "title": "ECI flayed for imposing code 2 mths before polls", "text": "PANAJI: State Congress party on Monday criticized the Election Commission of India (ECI) for announcing the model code of conduct two months before the election and putting the state into a \"limbo.\"Addressing a party meeting in Panaji, Congress chief spokesperson and deputy speaker Mauvin Godinho said, \"ECI has unnecessarily put the state into a limbo for one month before the election notification is issued.\"ECI announced the elections for Goa on December 24 and since then the model code of conduct is in force.Responding to PWD minister Churchill Alemao's question on whether they can continue with job recruitments when model code of conduct is in force, Union minister for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla said that there was nothing wrong in continuing with the job recruitments if the process was initiated before the model code of conduct was in force.Shukla is in Goa to address the Congress MLAs, ministers and party office bearers on election issues.Over 400 jobs were held to be null and void after the election commission issued guidelines on government recruitments. BJP had lodged complaints that seven departments continued with recruitments after the model code of conduct was in force.Godinho also said that he did not understand the reasons for imposing the code of conduct. He said that it is easy for the chief election commissioner to say that if any permission is required for development work then the permission will be given as long as it does not influence the voters.Godinho further said any single activity undertaken whether it is big or small will impact every voter, ''that is why ECI put us in limbo and we cannot do any thing till new assembly is constituted\" he said.He also said that the actual election process starts after the election notification is issued.Godinho stated that the selection of candidates is the most important thing adding that, \"If we give the right candidates, we will win and we will not require outside support. We will get majority on our own.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429759", "title": "CM promises all help to Patna College for growth", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar announced here on Monday that Patna College, the oldest institution of higher education in Bihar, would be developed into a centre of excellence soon. Money would be no constraint in the growth of this premier institution. It would be provided all help by the state government for achieving excellence, he said.Inaugurating the 150th Foundation Day celebrations of the college, the CM said the college would get Rs 2 crore for renovation of its old buildings in the current fiscal itself. Besides, funds would be sanctioned for construction of a new building on the campus to commemorate the 150th year of the college. An additional floor would be added to the college examination hall to avoid disruption of teaching work during examinations, he said.Nitish recalled said stalwarts like Jayaprakash Narayan, Shri Krishna Sinha, Anugrah Narain Sinha and Ram Dhari Singh Dinkar were all students of this college. Its alumni were occupying eminent positions all over the country and abroad. \"I studied in Patna Science College and Bihar College of Engineering, both of which were born out of Patna College,\" he said.The CM called upon the college authorities to convene a meeting of its eminent alumni, including the present principal secretary of higher education, and chalk out a plan for the development of the college.Nitish observed that even though vocational courses were needed for providing jobs to youths, the general courses must not be ignored. The society also needs scientists, social scientists and academics. He exhorted the teachers to become Net-savvy and update their knowledge.Earlier, the CM unfurled the college flag and released 150 balloons of different colours. He also planted a tree on the campus and called upon teachers and students to plant trees to protect environment from being degraded.Bihar assembly Speaker Uday Narain Chaudhary, who is also an alumnus of this college, said the state government was striving hard to raise the standard of education. A number of new institutions had been set up in recent years and the existing ones were being strengthened. He hoped that the college would attain new heights and enhance the pride and prestige of the state.PHED minister Chandra Mohan Rai said the college should develop itself into a research-oriented institution. He pleaded for reviving its glorious traditions.Patna University vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh, in his presidential remarks, said the entire university had potential of being developed into an excellent institution. PU is the most suitable place for introducing latest trends and innovations in higher education and it could become the number one university of the country, he said.Patna College principal Lalkeshwar Prasad Singh welcomed the guests and English teacher Ila Sinha proposed a vote of thanks. Hindi teacher Tarun Kumar conducted the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11437730", "title": "John Abraham urges minister to enforce Jallikattu ban", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor and animal lover, John Abraham, has written a letter on behalf of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India, thanking minister of environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan for her ministry's decision to ban the use of bulls as performing animals.However, while on paper this means a ban on Jallikattu, a cruel and now illegal bull taming sport played in Tamil Nadu, it is still seen in some parts of the state.John's letter comes at a time when the Centre is expected to respond to the Madurai bench of the Madras high court by January 11 on a petition by organisers of Jallikattu challenging the ban. Recently, despite the ban, the Tamil Nadu government gave permission for Jallikattu to be held in Madurai.Through his letter, John has also asked the Union ministry to take strong steps to ensure that these cruel events don't take place anywhere in Tamil Nadu.In 2011, the ministry of the environment and forests issued a notification which banned the use of bulls as performing animals-thereby banning Jallikattu. Prior to the issuing of this notification, actor Hema Malini had appealed to the ministry to ban Jallikattu on behalf of PETA India.The following is text of letter sent by John Abraham to Jayanthi Natarajan:To,The Honourable Jayanthi Natarajan Minister of Environment &amp; Forests Government of India Paryavaran Bhawan Room 428 CGO Complex Lodhi Road New Delhi 110 003.Dear Smt. Jayanthi Natarajan,I was very happy to learn from my friends at People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India that jallikattu is now illegal as are other cruel uses of bulls for \"performance\" such as bull racing via a notification by your Ministry in The Gazette of India.As an actor, I choose to perform, but animals used for jallikattu and bull races don't. During jallikattu, bulls are deliberately terrorised and made to suffer for entertainment. They are taunted by crowds, pushed, hit, and wrestled to the ground. During bull races, the animals are often beaten with nail-studded sticks.Jallikattu is not just cruel to animals; it is also cruel to people. Many human participants and spectators become injured and some even lose their lives at jallikattu events.As you know, the Constitution of India says it is the duty of every Indian citizen to have compassion for all living creatures, and under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (PCA) Act, 1960, it is illegal to beat, kick or torture any animal.It has been reported that your Ministry is being pressured by a few jallikattu supporters to allow it to continue. However, even if the ban on jallikattu under the notification in The Gazette of India did not exist, the cruel treatment of animals during jallikattu is still illegal under the PCA Act, 1960. On behalf of all compassionate Indian citizens, I am writing to request that your Ministry uphold our country's laws and our constitutional requirement to show kindness to animals by instructing the Tamil Nadu government and police to crack down on jallikattu events, which are now illegal.I ask that you kindly keep me informed about the action you decide to take through Sachin Bangera of PETA India. He is available on SachinB@petaindia.orgThank you for your time and consideration.Sincerely, John Abraham", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11431480", "title": "School mishap: School chairman, principal sent to judicial custody", "text": "AMBALA: The district police on Monday said that they had recovered the records related to the functioning of the school from Vikram Singh and Shakti Singh, chairman and principal of Arjun Public School respectively. The police gave this information when they produced the two before the court that remanded them to judicial custody.The two were in tears when they were sent to police remand on Saturday. The two pleaded innocence when they were bought to the court after their police remand got over. The counsel of both the accused pleaded before the court that the case has been registered against them due to pressure as villagers whose kids had died were protesting.Meanwhile, the driver of the truck that rammed into the school van had a driving licence issued from Nagaland. A police party has been sent to Nagaland to ascertain the genuineness of the licence.The incident took place on last Monday when the truck rammed into an overloaded auto-rickshaw that had been converted into a school van, which claimed 13 lives of school kids.Inspector Amar Singh , the investigating officer in the case informed that Vikram Singh and Shakti Singh had misguided them about where the school records were kept. Inquiries revealed that the two brothers are part of the seven-member managing committee that runs the school.During investigations it came to the fore that it was Vikram and Shakti Singh who had taken the decision of continuing to run the school as per routine, defying the orders of the district administration that had ordered the schools to change the school timings due to the prevailing cold conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11429547", "title": "Co ignores order, carries out construction work", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Despite government order to stop construction work on the intake well on Wardha river, Dhariwal Power Project is going ahead with the work as per its wish. An investigating committee found this on Monday when it visited the spot for site inspection. The members - MLCs Shobhatai Fadnavis and Jainuddin Jhaveri - were peeved at the company's disobeyance and refused to conduct the inspection. They termed the company's act as \"an insult to legislative assembly\".The committee was instituted following the assurance given by minister for water resources Sunil Tatkare in state legislative council during winter session in reply to a question raised by MLC Fadnavis over the irregularities in construction of water lifting facility of Dhariwal project.However, it was revealed that the construction of the ramp leading to redial well is still underway despite direct orders from the government to stop the work. Irked with the non-compliance of orders, the members decided not to conclude the inspection. They scheduled their inspection to another date after it is ensured that work on the site is completely stalled.\"The minister had assured the House to stop work at the site until the inquiry is completed. But it turned out that, even as work of redial well was stalled, the construction of the pillars to build the ramp connecting pump house to the intake well was still underway. As the company has not complied with the directives of the government, there is no sense in completing the inspection,\" said Fadnavis.She asked the officers of water resources department to inspect the site daily to ensure total stoppage of work. She scheduled the next site inspection after two weeks.Dhariwal officers insisted for completion of site inspection on the same day. They claimed that the letter given by district collector on behalf of the government, directed them to stop the work of redial well not the other related works of water lifting facility. But, the committee members and MLC Jhaveri said, \"We have found that company has continued their work on the site which is in defiance to the government order. It is like an insult to the legislative council and warrants severe action.\"While the committee members didn't complete the inspection of redial well, they did verify the distance between village boundary and the site, the other aspect involved in the site inspection schedule. As per norms, the water lifting facility needs to be 500 metres away from the nearest village boundary. Fadnavis had alleged the company of breaching this particular norm along with other irregularities during her question in the legislative council.Executive director of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation Praful Jhapke, chief engineer of water resources department VM Kulkarni, CEO of Dhariwal Power Project Anil Bhardwaj along with officers of Dhariwal Power Project and water resources department were present during the site inspection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430914", "title": "Bhanwari's family identifies her jewellery, watch", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bhanwari Devi's family members have identified her personal articles, including her jewellery and watch, which were recovered by CBI from Rajiv Gandhi link canal in Jaloda village in the past few days. Agency sources said they were now looking for the alleged mastermind of the murder - Indra Bishnoi (sister of Congress MLA Malkhan Singh) -- and a member of Bishna Ram's gang, identified as Ashok .CBI sources said Bhanwari's son Sahil (18) was called to the agency's camp office at Jodhpur Circuit House and was shown the recovered articles. Around 35 divers were involved in an extensive search in the canal for the past four days and they had recovered several articles including a gunny bag, a wrist watch, a toe ring, nose pin, broken pieces of jewellery (including a pendant), charred bone pieces, five teeth, a wooden bat and two country-made pistols apart from some clothes (which reportedly belong to accused Kailash Jakhar).Sources said Sahil identified at least four items - wrist watch, toe ring, golden locket and one more jewellery item. Sources added that the articles were also shown to Bhanwari's husband Amarchand, who is lodged in Jodhpur central jail, and he too identified her belongings. The recoveries being identified by Sahil corroborates Kailash Jakhar's statement who had said that he had thrown Bhanwari's articles into the canal.The agency has sent all the articles for forensic examination and will file a supplementary chargesheet once the report is submitted. The alleged killers - Kailash Jakhar and Bishna Ram Bishnoi -- have reportedly confessed to the crime.Officials claimed that the recovered articles will be important evidence in the case and several links were being joined after the recovery.Bhanwari was abducted and killed on September 1 last year. Congress leader Mahipal Maderna and several other persons have already been arrested in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11429741", "title": "'Improve Barh hospital facilities'", "text": "PATNA: Patna division commissioner KP Ramaiah, in a report sent to the principal secretary, health department, has requested him to end the sorry state of affairs at Barh subdivisional hospital and take action against the doctors and other staff found absent during his inspection of the hospital on January 5.He said mismanagement in the hospital as well as absence of doctors and other employees made it seem that the deputy superintendent, hospital manager and doctors were not serious about their duties. During the inspection, he said, Dr Vinay Kumar Choudhary, Dr Sanjay Kumar , four Mamata workers and hospital manager Babu Sarvjit Akela were present, but not a single lady doctor was present. \"During verification of attendance register, it was found that 12 doctors, including three lady doctors, are posted at the hospital,\" he said.Ramaiah further said he also found that medicines were not being provided to patients. The shop meant for generic medicines on the hospital premises was also closed. He found a private medicine shop quite close to the hospital. The drug inspector should check its documents, he pointed out.He stated that the entire hospital was dirty and information boards were not hung properly. On the first floor, woman patients were admitted in indoor ward. The bed sheets were dirty and quilts had not been provided to any patient, he said. Most of the rooms on the ground floor were found closed while guards and employees were found living in some of the rooms. Several out of order vehicles were parked in the main building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11432956", "title": "Nalco officials protest pay disparity", "text": "KORAPUT: Over 500 executives of Nalco at Damanjodi wore protest badges on Monday demanding fulfillment of their demands. They will stage a hunger strike from January 30 if their demand is not fulfilled.They want a hike in salary, release of performance-related payment, elimination of social disparity, among others. Their demands have been put before the management by officials of Nalco Officers' Association.According to the association, the recent pay revision of the non-executive employees(NEEs)of the company has created huge pay disparity between the executive and non-executive which is very discouraging.\"The NEEs are getting more salary than the executives after the pay revision implemented in September 2011. Now the salary of a degree engineer is less than the salary of a person working with ITI qualification. Fearing to loose their hiked salaries, several NEEs have refused to accept promotion which will prove harmful for the company in the long-run,\" said general secretary of the association Prasant Kumar Satapathy.Sources said while the executive's salary is determined by the Centre, the NEEs pay is revised every 10 years through an agreement between the management and the labour unions.\"When an employee gets more salary than his officer then the former adopts a careless attitude towards the later which is not beneficial for the development of the company,\" said Satpathy.The association alleges that while the children of the NEEs are monthly paying Rs 25 as school fees for studying in various schools managed by Nalco, officers are forced to pay 1.5 percent of their basic salary as school fee for their children in the same school. Similarly, while an officer pays Rs 890 as rent for a B-Type quarter, a NEE pays Rs 240 for the same quarter.\"The officers have lost dignity in social, professional and economical fronts which is never heard nor practiced anywhere. Our performance-related payment is also held up for the past four years. As our enormous representations to the management yielded no result we decided to wear protest badge till January 29 and from the next day we will sit on hunger strike till our demand is fulfilled,\" said president of the association R K Sahu.According to sources over 2000 officers, including Damanjodi, of Nalco across the country are participating in the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431639", "title": "Bangalore sets benchmark for popularizing public buses", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bangalore shows the way for major Indian cities, which are struggling to popularize public transport.For instance, the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) that raked the maximum profit of Rs 50 crore among all state transport undertakings has popularized the use of buses by introducing \"Bus Day\" on the 4th of every month on a dozen of crucial corridors. On these days, people don't use their cars or two-wheelers on these stretches, and bus frequencies are increased to cater to the requirements.No wonder, the BMTC bagged the best STU award in the profit-making category at the annual convention of the Association of State Road Transport Undertakings that was held here on Monday.BMTC officials said that the Corporation started making profit in 2000, when it was in the green by Rs 15 crore, and the figure steadily rose to Rs 224 crore in 2006-07. \"Since then the profit margin has come down from Rs 140 crore in 2007-08 to Rs 50.3 crore during the last financial year. Over the years, we have shifted our focus to provide better facilities and create better infrastructure,\" said a senior BMTC official. He added that the Corporation also took the lead in introducing air-conditioned (AC) bus services in a city.Joint secretary (road and transport) in the highways ministry told TOI that the public transport system in Bangalore has set a benchmark for other cities. \"In the mofussil category, the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) initiative should be replicated by states,\" he added. The KSRTC made a maximum profit of Rs 62 crore in 2010-11.The BMTC had launched the first Bus Day last February on two corridors leading to ITPL and Electronic City to incentivize IT employees for using public transport and since then has added 10-odd corridors. \"In case, 4th of a particular month is a public holiday, the Bus Day is observed on the next day,\" an official said.He added that the corridors were selected considering the concentration of IT parks and residential areas. These corridors see huge traffic and congestion mainly due to private vehicles.\"Environmental studies have also shown that there is a significant fall in the pollutant level on Bus Days compared to any other normal day,\" said the official.The Karnataka Pollution Control Board (KPCB), while monitoring ambient air quality between February and August, had recorded a significant difference in air quality before and on the Bus Day. For example, on the first Bus Day in February, the respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) at Marathalli Bridge was 14.63% less than the previous day. Similarly in July, it was 15.2% less at Kadirenahalli Cross.There was also significant dip in ozone pollutant at some of the key locations: It was 17.47% less at Central Silk Board in May, and at Corporation Junction there was a 23.2% dip in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "11434163", "title": "Marwari horses draw Serbian teacher here", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: Fascinated with horses, Serbian schoolteacher-cum-painter Zorka Velickovic could not hold back when she saw pictures of the Marwari breed on Facebook. Riding high on the idea of 'meeting' these royal creatures, Zorka recently arrived here on the invitation of her Facebook friend, Jatinderpal Singh Mangat. A resident of Ghumar Mandi, Mangat has 36 Marwari horses at his stud farm at Noorpur Bhet village, near here. Zorka, 41, said, \"Since childhood, horses have enamoured me with their majesty. I painted a number of horses that I saw in Serbia but when I first lay my eyes on the Marwari breed, I was left awe struck. I have never seen ears like those.''The Serbian visited India last year in her quest of these horses. \"Though I met Mangat in 2011, I could not visit his stud farm,'' she added.Armed with her palette and canvas, Zorka reached Ludhiana on January 5. \"I am on a 15-day vacation,'' smiled the charming visitor, who is a resident of Kragujevac.Bringing along two paintings of the horses whose pictures Mangat had uploaded on the internet, Zorka likes to be called the 'horse-whisperer'. \"I understand their emotions and feelings,'' she confessed.Having painted hundreds of horses, whose portraits sit prettily in her studio back home, Zorka said she would never sell them. \"I give away the paintings for charitable purposes,'' she added.Next on her agenda is visiting Muktsar for the Maghi Mela. \"I came to know that horses of different breeds will be exhibited there. So, I'm looking forward to that experience,'' she said.Zorka had also visited Gurdwara Mehdiana Sahib in Jagraon with the Mangat family recently.Happy that his guest was enjoying her stay, Mangat said, \"She inspires me with her passion for horses. She's travelled to so many countries just to paint them. Now, she's in Ludhiana to see Marwari horses.'' Proudly displaying the paintings that Zorka has gifted him, the Ludhiana resident said the strokes were exquisite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431083", "title": "Lieutenant governor speech in House skirts thorny issues", "text": "NEW DELHI: For a government that spent most of 2011 fending off charges of corruption related to the Commonwealth Games projects, the first session of the Delhi assembly in 2012 began with the presentation of a lacklustre report card by lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna in his customary \"special address\" on Monday.The LG address focused mainly on administrative reforms for good governance and the social sector schemes for the underprivileged. While trifurcation of the MCD was the high point of the address, controversial but critical subjects like regularization of unauthorized colonies and power were glossed over. Important areas like water, environment, infrastructure and industries also did not find mention in the LG's speech.The five-day winter session is also the first session of 2012. The LG lauded the government for seeking trifurcation of MCD for efficient administration. It further praised it for the enactment of the Delhi (Right of Citizen to Time Bound Delivery of Services) Act, 2011, which increases accountability of government officials.The rest of the speech was unremarkable; it was simply a reminder of the status of some old and new schemes and projects taken up for better governance, social welfare and upgrade of education and health facilities. The LG address highlighted the phasing out of the Bluelines responsible for many road accidents.The LG's special address is always delivered on the first day of the budget session in March, with this year being an exception. Since the winter session forms the first session of the year, the LG delivered his address on the first day.As the government is still reviewing its performance in the previous year, and is in the process of taking stock of the expenditure incurred in different projects, the address did not have much to offer. The 20-page speech tried to make up for the lack of content by holding out a promise on the first page itself: \"After an intensive spell of infrastructure development preceding the Commonwealth games, the year 2011-12 afforded us an opportunity to focus on inclusive growth, administrative reforms and maintenance of assets...\"The CM indicated that another address by the LG is likely on the first day of the budget session.While explaining the BJP's feeble protest during the address, leader of the opposition V K Malhotra said, \"There was nothing in the speech. We had planned to confront the government on issues like regularization of unauthorized colonies, power and water but these issues didn't figure in the LG's address. The government has no achievements to offer,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430790", "title": "Social worker to be citizen's candidate in Mahim", "text": "MUMBAI: Taruna Kumbhar (31) was chosen as the consensus citizen candidate by Hansel D'Souza's Mumbai Nagrik Manch on Monday in Mahim's ward 181, which has been reserved for women in the February 16 civic elections.Kumbhar, a social worker for 15 years, has the full-fledged support of women in Mahim's Machimar Colony, police quarters and the Slope area. Shiva Sena's Milind Vaidya is the sitting corporator in the ward. Kumbhar will face stiff competition from the Sena and Congress.\"She is Maharashtrian, which is a plus point. She's quite familiar with women in the area. Due to reservations, we have wives and sisters contesting this time. Kumbhar has been working with a women's self-help group for 15 years,\" said D'Souza.He said the area is slum-dominated and she has done a lot of work there.Kumbhar said that whether it was water leakage or segregation of garbage, she was no stranger to tackling civic issues at the ward level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11434762", "title": "Madhya Pradesh better off in fake currency department", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh might be topping the graph in many crimes, but it has far fewer detected cases than other states, when it comes to fake currency notes in circulation.The state has been accounting for a piddly 1 per cent of fake notes recovered countrywide in the last three years, according to Vimal Jhulka, director general (currencies) in the Union finance ministry.\"The menace may not be very grave in MP ,\" Jhulka, an IAS officer of the MP cadre, told TOI.Interestingly, migrant labourers are emerging as the new couriers of fake notes in Madhya Pradesh.In 2011, the MP police had registered 21 cases involving fake currency. \"We don't have any major gangs operating in fake currency note racket,\" according to additional director general (CID), M R Krishna. \"People from outside the state have been usually found to involved in such cases,\" he said.Currency worth Rs 3.26 lakh was seized by the state police in 2011. Despite MPs central location, cross border counterfeit note rackers have been too few. \"The police have been active in this regard and have set up nodal police stations for such cases in every district,\" said Krishna, adding that this showed that those arrested were \"small time operatives, without any advanced technology.\" The had asked financial institutions to raise a complaint for each fake note coming to their notice. Complaints from financial institutions are considered an important indicator, Krishna said.But there has been no big let up in the flow of fake notes across the country. For instance, the RBI had detected 2.64 lakh pieces of fake currency notes with a total face value of Rs 12.25 crore in just the six months. The biggest chunk comprised Rs 500 notes.Jhulka also said that an exercise is underway to strengthen the existing security features of the banknotes in consultation with RBI, MHA and security agencies.Talking about indigenization efforts being made for the printing of domestic currency notes, Julka said all bank notes are presently being printed within the country. Steps are being taken to indigenize the various security products used in printing of bank notes, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429607", "title": "HC declines to stay ZP polls", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Monday declined to stay the zilla parishad polls but admitted the petition filed by ZP member challenging cancellation of reservation in various constituencies for the ZP and panchayat samiti (PS) polls for final hearing. The ZP and PS polls will be held on February 7.A division bench comprising justices PB Majumdar and Ashok Bhangale deferred the hearing after government pleader Nitin Sambre informed the court that principal bench at Bombay high court had admitted a similar petition for final hearing and would soon deliver the verdict. Another plea on similar grounds was pending in the Aurangabad bench as well.Two petitioners - Devendra Godbole, a ZP member from Mouda Babdeo in Nagpur, and Sanjay Jagtap - had moved the high court demanding conducting ZP polls with 2011 census data instead of 2001 census figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430069", "title": "Property tax waiver scheme on Feb 1", "text": "KOLKATA: The final date for announcing the much-awaited waiver on property tax has been fixed on February 1. Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) assessment department employees have been working overtime to prepare the updated list of major tax defaulters. The civic body has set a target of collecting Rs 500 crore from the waiver scheme.Governor M K Narayanan had earlier cleared the proposal for the scheme mooted by the civic body. KMC is now waiting for the state government's nod for an official declaration of the waiver. \"We need this money to fund some major civic projects on water supply, sewerage and drainage and garbage disposal,\" said an official of the KMC assessment department.The waiver proposal will be placed at a meeting of the state cabinet that is likely to be held at the end of this week. After the go-ahead from the state cabinet, the state municipal affairs secretary will notify the scheme. It will be followed by the municipal commissioner's notice announcing the scheme.However, the state may make some changes in the scheme considering the governor's observations on the waiver proposed by the civic body. Going by the governor's tough stance on giving a waiver to major defaulters, KMC may change the last plan and modify the scheme before asking taxpayers to apply for a waiver.Earlier, it was decided that the civic body would exempt 100% interest on the principal amount for defaulters whose outstanding amount is less than Rs 1 lakh. For those whose outstanding amount is between Rs 1-5 lakh, the KMC had decided to provide 75% waiver. Defaulters whose unpaid amount is much higher (Rs 1 crore or more) were supposed to get a flat 50% discount. \"We would like to stand by our policy decision unless the state government directs us to make changes in the policy,\" said a KMC assessment department official.Struck by a severe cash crunch, the KMC had planned to offer a waiver in July 2011 on property tax for defaulters in order to mop up revenue to fund major civic projects. However, the governor had questioned the justification for such a scheme for the third time in the past seven years, especially when major defaulters had refused to avail of the scheme twice in the past (once in 2001 and again in 2004).Now, the KMC has targeted major defaulters who owe the authority Rs 1 crore or more. The civic body needs to mop up Rs 2,600 crore from over 1 lakh defaulters, of which 301 major defaulters owe Rs 2,000 crore, a source in the KMC said.February 1 has been set as the final date for announcing the much-awaited waiver on property tax. Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) assessment department employees have been working overtime to prepare the updated list of major tax defaulters after governor M.K. Narayanan cleared the proposal for the waiver scheme mooted by the civic body. KMC is now waiting for the state government's nod for an official declaration of the waiver scheme. The KMC has set a target of collecting Rs 500 crore from the waiver. \"We need this money to fund some major civic projects on water supply, sewerage and drainage and garbage disposal,\" said a KMC assessment department official.After the much-awaited approval from the governor, the waiver proposal will need to be placed before a meeting of the state cabinet likely to be held at the end of this week. After approval by the state cabinet, the state municipal affairs secretary will notify the scheme. It will be followed by the municipal commissioner's notice announcing the scheme.However, the state is likely to change the scheme a bit, considering the governor's observations on the waiver scheme proposed by the civic body. Going by the governor's tough stance on giving a waiver to major defaulters, KMC may change the last plan and modify the scheme before asking taxpayers to apply for a waiver. Earlier, it was decided that the civic body would exempt 100 percent interest on the principal amount for defaulters whose outstanding amount is less than Rs 1 lakh. For those whose outstanding amount is between Rs 1-5 lakh, the KMC was supposed to give 75 percent waiver. For the remaining defaulters whose unpaid amount is much higher (even a crore or more) were supposed to get a flat 50 percent discount. \"We will stand by our policy decision unless the state government directs us to make changes in the policy,\" said a KMC assessment department official.Strapped for cash, the KMC had planned to offer a waiver in July 2011 on property tax for defaulters in order to mop up revenue to fund some of major civic projects. However, the governor had asked the civic top brass about justification for such a scheme for the third time in the past seven years, especially when major defaulters had refused to avail the scheme twice in the past ( one in 2001 which was repeated in 2004). Now, the KMC has targeted the major defaulters who owe the KMC RS 1 crore or more. The KMC needs to mop up Rs 2,600 crore from over a lakh defaulters, of which only 301 major defaulters owe Rs 2,000 crore, KMC sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "11433332", "title": "We are not alone in taking donations: NDFB-P", "text": "Kokrajhar: The National Democratic Front of Bodoland (Progressive) said it was not the only outfit that was collecting 'donations' from the Srirampur check gate in Kokrajhar district.The self-styled commanding officer of the NDFB(P), B Jwngblao, said in a statement that the outfit has asked the authority of inter-state Srirampur check gate through a formal request letter to give them soft 'donations' to run the organization, which is currently holding peace talks with the Centre.He said the NDFB(P) has not served any demand letter to either the Srirampur check gate authority or the common people. The outfit is in need of funds as it is in a peace parley with the Centre, he said. He added that the NDFB(P) has been receiving 'donations' only from individuals and groups that want contributing to the organization for a peaceful solution through a meaningful dialogue with the Centre.He admitted the NDFB(P) has given a formal letter to the Srirampur check gate asking for 'donations', but argued there are many organizations of different communities as well as non-governmental bodies that have created syndicates at the gate to collect illegal money from there.He also alleged that government officials are involved in the collection of illegal money and, therefore, the NDFB(P) is not the only outfit that should be blamed. The statement also said the outfit was not involved in extortion of villagers, teachers and medical staff; rather it claimed it has been extending its support to the district administration to deal with extortionists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11431740", "title": "Head cashier accused of running away with Rs 10 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: A cashier working with a garment showroom at Ambience Mall has been accused of fleeing with Rs10 lakh in cash. It seems that while the showroom had recorded sales amounting to Rs 18 lakh in four days, but the accused had allegedly deposited only Rs 8 lakh in the bank.The DLF-II police have lodged an FIR. The owner of the showroom apparently had blind faith in 25-year-old Luv Kumar, a native of Bihar.Mahesh Makajani, director of the showroom has filed a complaint with the DLF-II police station stating that he had asked the accused to deposit Rs 18 lakh in the back account of the store on January 2. The next day being his weekly off, Mahesh did not come to work. But when he cross-checked with another salesman, he got to know that the accused had allegedly given only Rs 8 lakh to be deposited. When the showroom owner sent another employee to the house of the head cashier in DLF-II, he was not there. \"So far, we have no clue about the whereabouts of the accused,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11432935", "title": "Big three yet to finalize nominees for rural polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The ruling BJD and Opposition Congress and BJP are giving finishing touches to their nominees' list for the zilla parishad polls, even as candidates filed their nomination papers across the state for the second day. January 12 is the last datefor filing of nominations.BJD insiders said party bosses had almost finalized their nominees for the 854 zilla parishad seats. \"Ticket distribution should be over on Tuesday,\" a party leader said. The response from the Congress and the BJP was more or less similar. Both parties are also in the final stages of ticket distribution.\"Expect for a few tickets in Sambalpur and Jharsuguda districts, our party has finalized its list of candidates for other seats,\" Congress spokesperson Arya Gyanendra said. He said his party would make corruption perpetrated by the ruling BJD, especially in the mining sector, its main election plank. \"We would certainly put up a better show than 2007,\" he added.BJP state president Jual Oram also said his party had nearly completed its ticket distribution exercise. \"We had authorized our district unit chiefs to distribute the tickets. Ninety per cent of the tickets have been given; the rest will be given shortly,\" he added.Oram, a former Union minister, said his party had started getting good response from the public from different parts of the state. \"We would definitely increase our tally in the zilla parishads,\" he said.In the 2007 zilla parishad polls, the BJD had won 345 seats of the 853 seats for which elections were held. Congress had finished second with 303 seats, while BJP had bagged 129 seats.Senior BJD leader and Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra had a couple of weeks back claimed his party would win between 450 and 600 zilla parishad seats this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11432946", "title": "City spills back on roads post science spruce up", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Squatters are back in business along the Airport-Nandankanan route here soon after curtains came down on the Indian Science Congress (ISC) on Saturday.Makeshift shops, illegal vending zones, Prayas kiosks, food stalls and garages that were demolished in large numbers a couple of days before the ISC started on January 3, have resumed hawking on roadsides along the route.Though BMC spent lakhs of rupees and engaged huge manpower and machinery to beautify the route by evicting the encroachment, it failed to protect the government property thereafter, citizens complained.BMC had launched mass eviction drives in the city in view of the Prime Minister's visit to ISC on January 3. Potholed roads were filled up hurriedly, streetlights were repaired and fancy trees were planted in road dividers to impress the PM and thousands of scientists, who gathered for the meet from India and abroad. The illegal establishments were removed to make the road free from congestion and lend a good look to the city in the run up to the sience congress.\"If someone had passed through the route between January 3 and 7, he can feel the difference now. The vacant lands have been encroached upon by shopkeepers already. The area no longer looks spacious and beautiful,\" said Dilip Kumar Hota, a resident of Sailashree Vihar. \"We have informed the BMC about it. Let's see how the civic body reacts,\" he said.The main contention to the BMC to keep city roads congestion free is posed by Prayas kiosks, leased out by the civic body in Chandrasekharpur region. The kiosk owners are busy re-building their establishments fast after the BMC razed down the unauthorized extensions in front of their shops ahead of ISC.The corporation recently came under fire for allegedly turning a blind eye to the encroachments in front of the Prayas kiosks. Sources said BMC had constructed over 50 such kiosks near the Nalco Chowk and Niladri Vihar petrol pump areas in Chandrasekharpur a few years ago. Just like vending zones, the Prayas kiosks were aimed at streamlining street vending in the city.\"But with the passage of time, the shops started encroaching upon government lands by extending their establishments in different directions,\" coporator of ward no-8, Nirupama Jena recently said at a BMC council meeting.Some other corporators alleged many of the food kiosks sell liquor and allow consumption of intoxicants illegally at their establishments.Bhubaneswar mayor Ananta Narayan Jena said, \"We are carrying out eviction at encroached Prayas kiosks. We will cancel their licenses and initiate legal action against them if they keep on violating the law.\"Apart from the encroachment, the BMC has also decided to crack the whip on vendors who were originally allotted the kiosks but have now either sold off or rented the shops illegally. \"We received complaints that some owners have given their kiosks on rent to others by flouting our guideline. We have formed a squad to track down the errant owners of the kiosks,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11435321", "title": "Sonu isn't part of Dabangg 2", "text": "The tinsel town is abuzz with rumours of Sonu Sood being back in the cast of Dabang 2. According to reports, it was Salman Khan who insisted that Sonu should be part of the film, as the climax fight between the two hunks was one of the biggest attractions in the first part.But, putting an end to all these rumours, Sonu says, \"No I have not been roped into Dabangg yet.\" Sonu, who had just debuted in Kannada with the hugely successful Vishnuvardhana, is currently busy with a couple of Bollywood and south Indian films.So all you girls, who looked forward to seeing the two hunks fight it out bare chested, will have to wait for them to be cast in some other film now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433937", "title": "Nanban", "text": "CreditsDirector: Shankar Cast: Vijay, Srikanth, Jiiva, Ileana D' Cruz, Sathyaraj, Anuya Bhagawath, S J Suryah Music: Harris Jayaraj Banner: Gemini Films Release: PongalSynopsisNanban is the Tamil remake of the Hindi blockbuster ' 3 Idiots '. After the immense success of Enthiran (Robot), Shankar chose to make this as a quickie and the film has completed faster as compared to his earlier grand opus.The film has Tamil superstar Vijay team up with Shankar for the first time. Vijay reprises the role of Rancho played by Aamir Khan in the original. He will be seen in the role of an engineering student who wants to change the conventional educational system with his out-of-the-box thinking. Jiiva and Srikanth will reprise the roles of Madhavan and Sharman Joshi, as Vijay's close buddies in college.Ileana D'Cruz will be playing the part that Kareena Kapoor did in the original. She will be seen as Vijay's love interest in the film. The actress is hoping this to be her big comeback vehicle in Kollywood.Major portions of the film were shot in Ooty and Darjeeling and promise to have the lavish scale of Shankar films. Nanban is planned as a Pongal release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430645", "title": "Malaysian Tamil twist to enthral film buffs in city", "text": "CHENNAI: These films may never generate the buzz that Rajinikanth's next movie is bound to but these low-budget movies made in Malaysia show just how pervasive and popular Tamil movies are.Ten Malaysian Tamil movies - including 'Underground Rascals', 'Uttracha Kali', 'Appalam' - will for the first time be screened at a three-day film festival that was inaugurated in Chennai on Monday.The movies, mostly made on shoestring budgets when compared to Kollywood blockbusters, will be judged by actor Charlie, Fatima Babu and actor-turned-director Manobala for awards in six categories. Not every Malaysian Tamil movie makes it to the theatres. Of a total of 80 films made in Malaysia since the 1960s, only 26 have been screened in theatres. \"We selected the 10 best of these movies,\" said Vijay, chairman of the Malaysian Tamil Film Festival. \"Indians comprise only 10% of Malaysia's population of around 30 million. A mere 6% of the population speak Tamil and only 1% watches our movies in theatres,\" Vijay said. \"Most theatres there prefer to screen Kollywood films of big stars like Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan.\"Only two Tamil movies were made in Malaysia between 1960 and 2000. \"But youngsters have begun making films with handycams. Now around six or seven films are made each year,\" he said. Malaysian Indian Congress Youth Wing chairman T Mohan said plans are being made to take Kollywood directors and technicians to Malaysia to shoot films there. \"We will also bring our filmmakers here. We can learn a lot from the experts here,\" he said. Actor Radha Ravi, general secretary of South Indian Artists' Association, inaugurated the festival. The movies are being screened at Devi Sreedevi preview theatre in T Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430307", "title": "Bank employee jumps to death from 18th floor", "text": "MUMBAI: A 33-year-old bank employee committed suicide by jumping from the 18th floor of a highrise in Goregaon (E) on Monday.Vishal Gambhir (33), the deceased, landed in the play area of his housing society where a large number of children were present. The incident occurred around 6.30pm at Oberoi Woods, a 35-storeyed building, where Gambhir stayed on rent in flat number 1806.Gambhir had separated from his wife and was yet to obtain a divorce formally. Around 3pm on Monday, he came home with a woman friend. \"We have found out that the duo was in a relationship and intended to get married. According to the girl's statement, he drank in her presence. He also told her that he got married to the wrong person and was not in a position to tie the knot with the friend as his divorce hadn't come through,\" additional commissioner Ramrao Pawar said.Around 6.15pm, Gambhir received a call from an official of the private bank where he worked. He seemed upset after the call and, following a short conversation with his friend, he jumped out of a window. \"Kids from the society saw his body. Scared, they alerted the guards who informed the residents and summoned the police,\" said a neighbour.Gambhir was rushed to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli where he was declared dead. An autopsy would be conducted at the Borivli post-mortem centre.\"His arms were crushed and there was blood all over the spot where he fell,\" a teenager said. The police now intend enquire with bank officials. \"We are trying to find out who had called from the bank and what conversation they had, which upset Gambhir. We are also making enquiries with Gambhir's woman friend,\" Pawar said.A case of accidental death has been recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429519", "title": "Republic Day: Nagpur girl gets invite to view R-Day parade with PM", "text": "NAGPUR: In a rare achievement, a city girl has been invited by the central government to witness the Republic Day parade with prime minister Manmohan Singh . Nandita Rajan, a std XI student of Centre Point School (Katol Road), has been selected to sit in the exclusive PM box due to her academic achievements.The daughter of a city-based doctor couple had scored an amazing 99.4% in her std X CBSE exam held in 2011. Nandita is among the 100 meritorious students chosen from across the country to share space with the PM on January 26 in the capital. \"I received a letter from the government on January 4 and it was a pleasant surprise for me. My father first read the letter and I am honoured to have been chosen for this event,\" Nandita told TOI.The government will be arranging for Nandita's travel to the capital along with lodging and boarding facility there from January 25-28.Though the letter required Nandita to confirm her participation at the earliest, she was giving the entire event a second thought. \"I did not know if I should attend it as I have my unit tests going on. After my tests end on January 18, I have more academic assignments to focus on,\" said Nandita.However, a similar invitation also reached her school and the management was surprised to learn that Nandita had not reverted to the HRD ministry. \"My principal Kana Roy Chaudhari and teachers told me that I should not be missing the event at any cost. After listening to everyone, I finally decided that I will certainly attend the R-Day parade,\" she said.Anjali Vadokar, an officer with the HRD ministry, told TOI on the phone from New Delhi that Nandita has been selected from a vast pool of academic achievers. Vadokar said, \"The basic list that came to us consisted students from std X, std XII and 31 universities across the country. From that pool a final list of top 100 students was prepared.\"While Nandita is now excited about her trip to the capital, there is something about which she is still undecided. \"I have no idea what I will say to the PM if we are allowed to interact with him after the parade. I think I am just going to say the first thing that comes to my mind then,\" said Nandita with a smile. The whizkid plans to become a doctor, just like her parents.State govt still refuses school-evaluated examThough Nandita Rajan's whopping 99.4% score in Std X CBSE exam is a great achievement by any count, her own state government refused to even acknowledge the exam. The Maharashtra government has refused to validate the school-evaluated Std X exam of the CBSE, which Nandita had appeared for. With the central government now bestowing a rare honour on the city girl based purely on her academic achievements, it raises questions on the stand taken by Maharashtra. While six months ago Nandita was refused admission in state colleges despite her near cent per cent score, she now stands tall with her achievement being recognized by the most powerful office in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430767", "title": "13/7 blasts' survivors hit by hosp shutdown", "text": "MUMBAI: Fears of being shelterless and unfit to resume normal life have been giving Pintu Kumar (24) sleepless nights since he heard that Hurkisondas Nurrotumdas Hospital in Charni Road was shutting down for renovation. He is one of the two victims of the 13/7 serial blasts still under the hospital's care.The blast at Zaveri Bazar cost Kumar his right leg, left thumb and grievously injured his left leg. He had also sustained severe burn injuries on his left leg. Kumar's family said news of the hospital's shutdown has left them and their son anxious and panicky.Kumar, the only earning member for his family in Jharkhand, used to be a helper in a sandwich shop in Zaveri Bazar and earned around Rs 150 every day.When TOI spoke to Kumar on Monday, he broke down, fearing he would not be able to get the care that the hospital gave him for six months.\"Before the blast, I had no place to stay. I used to sleep outside a shop or on the footpath,\" he said. \"If I go back to the streets now, I may never recover completely,\" he said. \"They have borne my treatment expenses but will some other hospital do that?\" he said.Kumar said a doctor told him on Sunday that he will soon be discharged. \"I am yet to recover fully. The burn wounds still bleed,\" he said. He, however, said the hospital has promised to take care of his bleeding problem and other concerns before discharging him.His father, Mahadev, who has been staying with Kumar in the hospital for six months, said he is still not over the trauma of the blast. \"He has been given a prosthetic limb but he finds it too painful,\" he said. Mahadev is skeptical of follow-ups once the hospital shuts down.Few rooms next to Kumar is Namdeo Gholap, the only 13/7 victim to lose both legs. He is likely to be discharged in a day or two. \"I have got prosthetic limbs which I am trying to get used to,\" said Gholap. \"I have been told that I will be discharged as soon as my wheelchair arrives,\" he said.Gholap, who was an office peon in Opera House, plans to return to his village after discharge. \"My rented room is on the first floor and I can't climb,\" he said. But he says he is not worried about follow-ups as his doctors have been supportive.A doctor treating Gholap and knee replacement surgeon Dr Rajesh Dharia said patients have been given their doctors' numbers. \"They can get in touch with us for any problems,\" he said. He said there was no need for the patients to worry as the state has set aside a fund for blast patients. Dharia said any patient amputated takes at least a year to overcome psychological and physical trauma. A hospital spokesperson said the patients will be facilitated \"full treatment\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11432542", "title": "Cold winds, clouds fail to deter spirit of pilgrims", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Although the Sangam city hosted the first holy bathing on the Magh Mela, on Monday, the devotees shivered in cold conditions as the maximum and minimum temperature of the city declined further. The maximum temperature on Monday dropped around Two degrees, as compared to Sunday's level (Max being 19 degree), and recorded 17.9 degree Celsius while the minimum too decreased to 13.3 as compared to 15 degrees of Sunday.Although the city was free from fog, more because of the overcast sky and breeze which started blowing from late Sunday night to wee hours of Monday, but overcast sky kept the sunshine away from the denizens. Although the Sun did came out for few hours in the noon, but the warmth was failed to give respite from the cold conditions. The high amount of humidity, maximum of 100 % while the minimum recorded at 75 %, in the atmosphere retained 'Galan' (a condition wherein there is high humidity in the air adding cold wave with breeze) in the atmosphere.With the chilly conditions continuing, the city roads witnessed thin attendance of commuters and vehicles. Most of the denizens remained indoors in the wake of ongoing galan. Even the local parks saw very less attendance of sporting youngsters and kids who too remained cautious against the conditions. Different Crossings of the city witnessed locals encircling the bonfire while many others opted for hot tea and the road side vendors.Meanwhile the weather experts have predicted no respite from the prevailing conditions. The winds, coming from Himalayan foothills are too strong and a couple of days without fog would soon be replaced with same conditions highlighting the region for around last ten days, said Prof S S Ojha from department of Geography, Allahabad University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433361", "title": "Race 2 gets eight stars", "text": "Four girls - Deepika Padukone, Jacqueline Fernandes, Amisha Patel and Bipasha Basu. Three guys - Anil Kapoor, Saif Ali Khan and John Abraham .And now there's Sanjay Dutt. The sequel to Abbas-Mustan's 2008 hit thriller Race is getting bigger by the minute.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Dutt has been signed for Abbas-Mustan's ambitious sequel Race 2. A source close to the film informed, \"Abbas-Mustan were very keen to have Sanju in the film. They even convinced the producers, Tips and UTV.\"Sanjay Dutt's role in the film is however, being kept under the wraps as of now.Talking about Sanjay's character in the film, our source added, \"He has just signed the film. So it's too early to divulge the details. But yes, it's a very integral role and quite a strong one. The story takes an interesting turn when Dutt enters the film.\"While Bipasha Basu and Saif Ali Khan, who were also a part of the first will appear in the film simply to make the connect, the rest of the cast will reprotedly take the story forward.In fact, the scene between Bipasha and John was edited by the filmmakers since John and Bips were not required to be togeher in the film.Race 2 was originally supposed to be produced by Tips alone. However, with the cast getting bigger, UTV entered into a partnership with Tips. Having produced Race with Tips earlier, the two production house share a good working relationship. They now have a two-film-deal to co-produce Race 2 and Riteish and Genelia starrer Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya. Sanjay remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430915", "title": "Kite flyers ready for sky war", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 'Kaipo Che' might well get some international competition this Uttarayan in the walled city. For the first time, Gujarati kite flyers will get some international competition as kite flyers from across the globe will vie for top honours at a competition during Uttarayan on Saturday.In the past the International kite fliers only came for the state-sponsored show held ahead of Uttarayan. Till last year, on January 14, when the city - like all parts of Gujarat - is gripped in Uttarayan fever, the international delegates used to visit pols in the walled city to get a feel of the high-spirited festivities.This time though, the delegates have decided to join in the fun. \"This is the first time when such a competition will be held. During the last few years, the international kite flyers had taken huge interest in the kite battles that take place in our skies. This time, when we suggested that they join in the action, they were more than ready. The Japanese and Chinese delegations are very keen to take part in the kite fights. This is the best way to give them a bona fide experience of Uttarayan,\" said a senior official of the state tourism department.The Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited has planned this year's international kite flying event on a 1.5 km stretch of Sabarmati riverfront between January 10 and 12. Officials said that around 150 kite flyers across the country and world have already reached the city.Tourism minister Jaynarayan Vyas said, \"In a bid to popularize the event outside the Gujarat, the department has organised international kite flying events in Delhi and Mumbai also.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "11434635", "title": "Israel backs India's bid for permanent UNSC membership", "text": "JERUSALEM: Describing India as the \"greatest democracy on earth\", Israel has said it wants New Delhi to become a permanent member of the expanded United Nations Security Council.Welcoming external affairs minister S M Krishna, the first Indian foreign minister to arrive in Israel in over a decade, President Shimon Peres said Tel Aviv was following New Delhi with \"great care and interest\".\"For us India is first of all a culture. Then it is for us the greatest democracy on earth and then the unbelievable achievement of overcoming poverty without becoming poor in freedom,\" he said last night.\"I wish that India would become a permanent member of the Security Council,\" Peres said, backing India's bid to become a permanent member of the UN's top body.In his address, Peres called Mahatma Gandhi a \"prophet\" and former Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru a \"king\".\"India was fortunate that it had two great and unforgettable leaders - one was a prophet and the other one was a king. The combination of Gandhi and Nehru is the most unusual,\" he said.Peres, who has visited India twice since diplomatic ties between the two countries was set 20 years ago, said: \"We are following India with great care and interest, not just in the political sense but being a citizen of the world, we think that without India and China hunger would govern the world\".Krishna complimented back on by calling Peres \"a statesman of caliber\". He credited Israel for being an inspiration for India becoming self-sufficient in food production.The minister recalled Peres' visit to India in 1992 and also in 2002 and credited him for setting up the agenda for strengthening the relations between the two countries.\"I think it's about time for the leadership of both the countries to set the agenda for the coming decade. So I think it is in that spirit that I have come here,\" he said.Talking about the wars that Israel has fought, reference of which was made by Peres first in his address, Krishna said Israel has emerged stronger.\"I think it was those wars that have strengthened your nation. I think you have emerged as a stronger nation after every war. I think the entire world looks to you with great respect,\" Krishna said.The minister said he was very happy that relationship between India and Israel has spread to so many areas.\"We look forward to continued bilateral relationship... politically there are no problems as such. Now I think the economic content has to become more assertive and the economic content has to keep growing. I think the relationship is going on very healthy,\" Krishna said.Krishna will meet Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today, besides holding talks with Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman.Cooperation in defence, security, agriculture and science and technology are expected to figure prominently in the discussions amid India's keenness to widen the scope of partnership in the field of defence, the sources said.They said from a buyer-seller relationship, both sides are looking at expanding their relations.Anti-terror cooperation is also expected to figure in the discussions, against the backdrop of growth in this aspect of the relationship since the Mumbai 2008 attacks in which six Israeli nationals were killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11429830", "title": "Fatorda Muslim leaders pressurize Cong for tickets", "text": "MARGAO: Former president of the Fatorda block minority cell of the Congress party, Niazam Ahmed, has demanded that at least four assembly tickets of the party should be given to Muslim candidates.\"If the Congress denies us tickets, we will start campaigning against the Congress candidates in Goa or we will be forced to align with other regional parties or independent candidates. We will ensure that we defeat all the Congress candidates,\" Ahmed told mediapersons on Monday. He demanded that Urfan Mulla, M K Shaikh and Saifulla Khan should be given tickets by the Congress party for the assembly elections.General secretary of the Fatorda block mahila congress, Reshma Bi Sayed, also supported Ahmed's statement. She further condemned the statement made by Fatorda Muslim Welfare Association (FMWA) that all Muslims were supporting Vijai Sardesai as the candidate for Fatorda constituency. FMWA had recently pledged its support to Sardesai in the forthcoming assembly polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "perth", "code": "11435085", "title": "Haddin should worry about his own keeping: Zaheer", "text": "PERTH: Indian pace spearhead Zaheer Khan on Tuesday came down hard on Brad Haddin for calling India a fragile team, saying the Australian wicketkeeper should work on improving his own \"fragile\" show behind the stumps instead of trying to score psychological points over the visitors.\"Haddin needs to worry about his keeping. It appears really fragile to me and he needs to start moving,\" he said.Zaheer said Haddin's comments were aimed at playing mind games with the tourists, who trail the Test series 0-2. The third Test of the series starts on Friday.\"He's doing all the talking. He's definitely playing his role.\"Haddin had stated that India tend to break down easily when faced with tough situations.\"We know this side can be as fragile as any team in the world if things aren't going their way and they can turn on each other and the media turns on them pretty quick,\" he was quoted by the media.\"We knew if we could keep them out there and put the numbers like we did on the board we knew we'd get the rewards because they break quicker than anyone in the world.\"Meanwhile, Zaheer also took a swipe at former Australian captain Ricky Ponting, saying although he scored a century in the second Test in Sydney , he didn't look the batsman he used to be.\"All I can say is that he (Ponting) applied himself well. But the Ricky Ponting of old...the flair is different now. He was more of a grinder and it wasn't his natural game. But a hundred is a hundred and all credit to him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430979", "title": "Cop claims fall flat, huge jams in CP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite police claims that traffic movement will be smooth during the auto expo, there were huge traffic snarls again in central Delhi on Monday evening. While commuters complained of jams on Mathura Road, Connaught Place and India Gate, traffic cops claimed that they were doing their best to streamline traffic movement.\"We have deployed officials along the Mathura Road stretch in front of Pragati Maidan and are not allowing any vehicle to halt. We have towed away 98 vehicles, issued challans on 146 vehicles for improper parking and pasted notices on 461 cars for violations. A taxi has been impounded. Since the auto expo started, 706 vehicle have been prosecuted,\" said a traffic cop.Commuters complained of traffic snarls on the stretch during Monday noon as well as during the evening hours. \"I was coming from Sunder Nagar towards ITO around 6pm and it took me one and half hours to cross the 15-minute stretch. Traffic was crawling at a snail's pace. Cops seem to have bitten off more than they can chew,\" said Sagar Ojha, a commuter.\"I thought that I had passed the worst when I managed to get out of the mess in front of Bhairon Road and Mathura Road but traffic movement was extremely slow at Mandi House and Connaught Place as well. It has been a horror to drive in central Delhi these past few days,\" said Gautam Sen, a commuter.The slow traffic movement on Mathura Road had a ripple effect on surrounding areas with commuters complaining of slow traffic movement till the Millennium Depot. Traffic tailbacks were reported till Sunder Nagar on Mathura Road and NH-24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429827", "title": "Basic needs taken up to suit political means", "text": "PUNE: The five years between two civic elections reflect the corporators' involvement in working for the city. In most cases, even the most basic amenities can be had only after meeting the corporator. Observers said it was a way to keep the votebanks on a leash.\"Every time garbage accumulates in our locality we have to run to the corporator. Every time after a call to a civic official, our corporator reminds us that the garbage has been cleared because of her command. If the civic administration works on the directions of corporators, why should we pay taxes for garbage cleaning and water supply?\" Akshata Nimbalkar from Dhankawadi said.\"The PMC had started a helpline this monsoon to get road repairs done immediately. But the helpline experience was not good. Instead calls to the corporators were. Ahead of the election, our corporator is tarring internal roads in societies and putting up his flex boards,\" Ambika Patil from Katraj said.\"For any civic work, we have to go through our corporator. It never gets done directly as civic officials have not responded. When we complained to our corporator, he told us that we should not approach them directly,\" people from Sukhsagarnagar said.\"Corporators and babus do not want the system to improve as it would bring more transparency,\" senior citizen Somnath Shingate said.These complaints would not have sprung up had administrative reforms to ensure a decent life for the citizens been put through by corporators.Take former municipal commissioner Mahesh Zagade's efforts to energise the civic administration. He pushed for decentralizing the building permission department, initiate a probe into the failure of 1987 development plan, fix responsibilities for the failure of development in the city and take action against illegal constructions. Corporators said Zagade was 'unnecessarily' getting involved in 'unwanted' reforms. His transfer orders followed.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar was clear about what he wanted in Pune. At a meeting last week, he told party workers, \"I have ensured that only those officers who listen to us and work efficiently are brought to Pune,\"While the general body has to make policies and decisions on issues regarding development and execution of projects, ward-level issues - such as cleaning the roads, clearing of garbage, littering, open defecation and dog menace - have dominated the discussions at GB meetings in recent times.Many corporators do not like the idea of decentralization as citizens directly approached ward officers. \"Once we went to the ward office to complain about the water supply. The official said he would fix the problem, but as usual they delayed work. We then approached the corporator whose husband said we should ask the ward official to solve the problem as we had approached him directly. Instead of questioning the official for the delay, we were pulled up,\" said a chairman of society in Dhanori.It is no wonder then that corporators rolled back decentralization efforts even though citizens would find it convenient. \"Decentralization should be implemented as we don't have to run to the main building department for every matter. If all the decisions are taken by the officials in the main building, there will be no need for ward offices,\" said Vishal Shelar, a self-employed person from Market Yard.Similarly, the civic body's plan to establish 77 ward-level offices responsible for municipal services and redressing citizens' complaints had no takers in the political fraternity. The city has 144 civic wards and every two wards were to have one ward-level office headed by a civic engineer. The offices were to have other civic personnel with different responsibilities.However, no political party or corporator had raised the issue in the GB meeting in the last five years or insisted on micro decentralisation of powers.Despite the citizen-friendly initiative - decentralisation of powers - he had taken, Zagade, before he was shunted out had observed, \"The administrative system in the city appears to have completely failed,\" and attributed it to \"the negligence and administrative insensitivity exhibited by civic officials\".At present, civic services are governed by 14 ward-level offices catering to a population of 2.5 lakh to 3 lakh. The present ward-level offices are not able to effectively monitor various aspects of municipal services and new ward-level offices were planned to cater to a smaller population of around 60,000 people. But this project plan gathers dust.Civic officials too do not want the status to change. Any attempt to streamline civic administration and introduce administrative reforms with decentralisation of powers, did not went down well with them as well.Zagade's order to take away the city engineer power to grant building permissions and execute the development plan sparked off an agitation against him. The Pune Engineers' Association, a body of PMC engineers, organised a 'dharna' outside his cabin.The Republican Party of India (RPI) organised an agitation and raised slogans alleging conspiracy against \"backward class officers.\" Zagade's tough stand against a non-functioning administration angered the PMC babus and leaders alike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11431215", "title": "Mayor orders removal of encroachments", "text": "SALEM: The Salem corporation mayor S Soundappan on Monday ordered the removal of all encroachments that obstruct the free flow of drainage in the city.As per a complaint filed by residents of Kuttatheru in Azhagapuram, there was stagnation of drainage water in their area. The mayor inspected their locality on Monday along with the executive engineer T Muruganandam. During the inspection, residents informed him about the encroachments where a few people have built permanent structures, obstructing the free flow of sewage water. The mayor personally visited the areas where encroachments were reported and saw the structures that had been built.Apart from giving immediate orders for the removal of encroachments from their locality, the mayor also gave orders for removal of all encroachments in other areas in the city where flow of sewage water has been obstructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430493", "title": "'Suggestions from public on plot not sought'", "text": "MUMBAI: Seeking objections and suggestions from the public before deleting land reserved for BEST and allotting the construction rights of the plot to Adarsh was thought to be irrelevant, said suspended state information commissioner and former UDD principal secretary Ramanand Tiwari.The judicial commission on Monday grilled Tiwari about whether rules were followed before land reservation for BEST was deleted.Tiwari had suggested that the reservation be deleted under Section 37 of the MRTP Act, which would have required the authorities to give a public notice and invite objections. The state decided to move under Section 50 of the MRTP Act, which did not require a public notice. However, state seems to have tripped over this rule too.under Section 50, the appropriate authority has to request for deletion of the reservation. Tiwari admitted that the BEST had not sought the deletion of the land.The commission asked Tiwari that in light of the requests of BEST employees for staff quarters which was pending in the UDD, would it have served a greater public interest by allotting the land for housing BEST employees. Tiwari, whose son Omkar has a flat in Adarsh, replied in the negative.Around 2,669 sq m of land reserved for BEST was deleted and the construction rights of that plot was allotted to Adarsh so it could build more flats.During his cross examination by advocate Aniket Nikam, counsel for the MoD, Tiwari said that no notice had been issued to the defence before the state decided to reduce the width of Captain Prakash pethe road. Tiwari, in response to a question by Nikam, said he could not say if his department had considered the security ramifications of handing over a portion of the proposed road for a residential building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430750", "title": "No pay hike for Mumbai cops if dance bars operate in their areas", "text": "MUMBAI: Functioning of dance bars will prove to be a costly affair for the zonal deputy commissioner of police (DCP) and senior police inspectors. The Mumbai police on Monday decided to stop increments of erring officials from areas where dance bars continue to function despite a ban on them in 2005.The police swung into action following a TOI report on Monday that home minister R R Patil's warning to policemen of action against them if dance bars are found operational has fallen flat and the threat was 'merely a lip service'.Ramrao Pawar, additional commissioner of police (north region) called a meeting on Monday of DCPs, ACPs and senior police inspectors under his jurisdiction. Pawar's region is from Jogeshwari to Dahisar, where the social service branch has in the past few months raided several illegal dance bars.A senior police official who was at the meeting said that Pawar stated that if the social service branch, headquartered in South Mumbai, gets tip-offs about the functioning of dance bars, why were the local police unaware about it. \"Hereafter, instead of the local police, if the branch finds illegal dance bars, a departmental inquiry will be initiated against senior officials from the area. The erring official will also not be entitled to a promotion, Pawar warned them,\" the official added.Pawar directed the DCPs to prepare a report on the recently raided bars in their jurisdiction. \"The department has called for a report to find what action the ACP and senior police inspectors initiated in their areas to stop illegal dance bars. If it is found that no preventive steps were taken, especially where the branch has found bars operational, action will be initiated against the erring officials. The reports will be prepared by the DCP concerned and submitted to me shortly,\" Pawar said.The dance bar business, which had started in the 80s and flourished in 2000, was banned by Patil in 2005. Despite the ban, the bars operate illegally in Mumbai and on its outskirts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430891", "title": "Three convicted for selling and raping minor girl", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A district court on Monday convicted three persons for the abduction, rape and assault of a minor girl. The girl was sold twice and raped by several men over a period of 13 months. The court sentenced the girl's lover, Mohabbat Malek, to 10 years imprisonment. Malek, a rickshaw driver, had abducted the girl with false promises.Former sarpanch of Nabhoi village, Hayat Khan, who was accused of raping and selling the girl for Rs 5,000, was given a two years jail term and a Jetpur-resident Jignesh Dave was given seven years of imprisonment.However, five other accused, including Gediya-village residents Jayanti Patel and his sister Sujiben and Dabho-village resident Vihabhai Patel alias Virlo were acquitted for lack of evidence. The brother-sister duo was accused of selling the girl to Dave and Vihabhai.Judge P C Thakar presiding over the case observed that the three convicts were responsible for forcing the minor girl to go through the traumatic experiences. The court further observed that the convicts were responsible for degradation of society. It further said that the girl's testimony of her 13-month ordeal at the hands of the accused cannot be disregarded.The girl, a resident of Bawla village, went missing on November 23, 2006, and remained untraceable for more than a year. Her father filed a missing person's complaint on December 6, 2006. Thirteen months after the complaint the girl was traced in Jetpur village near Rajkot. The girl later narrated her harrowing experiences to her father. She filed a police complaint on December 22, 2007. The girl was 17 years old then.According to case details, Mohabbat from Gedia village of Ahmedabad district had eloped with the 16-year-old girl on December 20, 2007 under the pretext of marrying her. But he did not marry her and had physical relation with her for seven months, during which he also abused and assaulted her.The girl some how managed to get out from the clutches of Mohabbat and complained to the village sarpanch Hayat. However, he instead of helping her, allegedly with help of the Patel duo sold her to Dave and allegedly to Vehabhai.Following the investigation into the complaint, eight persons were arrested and trial was conducted, in which the court convicted three and acquitted five others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430341", "title": "Medha calls for pro-ryot policies", "text": "HYDERABAD: Activist Medha Patkar has said that high-level corruption in the use of natural resources needs immediate attention. In Hyderabad as part of her three-day visit to the state, Patkar on Monday said that establishing and empowering gram sabhas is crucial to the decentralization of power in the country. That would enable people to have control over development activities and natural resources in their areas, she averred.Speaking at a conference organised by the National Alliance for People's Movement (NAPM), Patkar, one of the founders of the group, said that the organisation would take up mass movements to pressurise the government into forming gram sabhas. During her visit, Patkar will interact with farmers on this and related issues.Referring to the Polavaram project, she said, \"People of Orissa, Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh have been cheated by the government\".\"The project got commissioned by politicians who are hand in glove with industrialists. Farmers have nothing in it for them and the project should be shelved. The government has already spent close to Rs 4,000 crore on five lift irrigation projects in the state and that, if utilised efficiently, should serve the purpose,\" she said.She also demanded that more pro-farmer policies be introduced in the next budget. \"The agriculture ministry only takes the suggestions of commercial and corporate bodies but does not pay any heed to the common farmer's interests while preparing the budget. We want separate funds allocated for programmes like organic farming and water harvesting.\"Stressing on the need to curtail corruption, she said that Lokayuktas will be of substantial help in the endeavour but did concede that most politicians were against this office.Uma Shankari, convenor, AP Chapter, NAPM criticized the government for not coming to the rescue of farmers and also failing to provide them timely compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11429764", "title": "Angle panel wins BoD elections of MUCB", "text": "MARGAO: The Ramakant Angle panel has won the elections to the board of directors (BoD) of the Madgaum urban co-operative bank ltd held on Sunday.The results were declared after the exercise of counting of votes concluded at the Fatorda stadium on Monday.The votes polled by the candidates from the Angle panel were: Ramakant Angle - 4,814; Raghuvir Dessai - 4,732; Rupesh Mahatme - 4,782; Amresh Naik - 4,683; Dilip Naik - 4,707; Gokuldas Naik - 4,730; Kishore Narvekar - 4,790; Atmanand Pednekar - 4,532; Atul Verlekar - 4,514. The lone opposition candidate Mhalu Naik polled 1,002 votes.The elections held on Sunday registered a voting percentage of 11.25%. Of the total 50,904 members eligible to vote, 5,731 members had cast their votes.Angle, who has been the chairman of the bank on four occasions in the past, has already disclosed his plans for the bank.Besides opening five more branches in Goa within the next two years, Angle said he also intends to launch some schemes aimed at uplifting the economic conditions of the common man.Sources said the victory in the bank polls has further strengthened Angle's position in the race for the BJP ticket to contest from the Margao constituency in the assembly polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11432664", "title": "'Techmart' begins with display of robotic skills", "text": "KANPUR: The two-day annual technical festival 'Techmart' commenced at University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University (CSMU) here on Monday.The event was jointly inaugurated by vice-chancellors of Gautam Buddh Technical University and CSMU Kripa Shanker and Ashok Kumar .Shanker said that 15 years ago, students used to exhibit the mechanical designs during technical festivals. The time has changed and so has the technology, the students now make robots that are capable of performing various activities. It is possible due to advancement in computer knowledge.Kumar said that the over one lakh students studying technical courses are enrolled in different colleges affiliated to CSMU. Efforts are being made to upgrade technical education so that students become proficient in developing advanced robots etc.Students were seen taking part in various events. As many as 21 events named as robotics, Endeavour, Junkyard, poster presentation etc were held. The participants got an opportunity to showcase the talent. The event Robowars drew appreciation. Several teams participated in the event. The robots entered into fight on the command given by the students.In Junkyard, the students had made different designs and items from junk.The robotic arm developed by BTech second year students of CSMU, Abhishek Narain Singh and Adarsh Kumar was highly appreciated. The robotic arm was capable of picking up stuff placed in its vicinity and then dropping it back at the same place. The two were controlling the manoeuvring of the robotic arm with the help of a remote control.The star attraction of Techmart was a robot named as Welcome, capable of communicating in Hindi and English. The robot worked on a wireless technology, where the camera installed in it worked as its eyes. The camera is capable of clicking and saving pictures.Sushant Katiyar and Vikas Verma, the students of CSMU who have prepared the robot, said that it can judge anything within one metre.Around 600 students from 50 technical institutes are participating in Techmart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "11429631", "title": "Killer tiger resurfaces in Kodagu", "text": "MADIKERI: The tiger, which attacked and injured three buffaloes on Friday, killed a cow on Saturday night at Netkundh near Birunani in South Kodagu. Chottangada Rohith found the half-eaten carcass of his cow near its shed.People in South Kodagu are fearful because the tiger, which claimed several livestock in October and November last year, has resurfaced. A forest department team had kept cages to capture it. These men were relieved when the tiger's pugmark was seen about 500 metres from the Kallalla forest touching Nagarahole on Nov. 9. No incidents were reported after that in Kanoor, Shrimangala, T Shettigeri and Hudikeri villages.The trouble spot is on the Birunani Kodagu - Kerala border. Shrinivas Naik, the Shrimangala wildlife range forest officer, told TOI a leopard may have attacked the cattle. The incidents happened at Birunani near Brahmagiri wildlife forest range and the animal probably arrived from this forest he said, adding, \"We are trying our best to chase the animal back to the forest by bursting crackers in the bushes and trees,\" Naik said. The animal can be identified only after veterinarians survey these area, he added.KA Manu of Birunani villager and Kanoor villager S.P.Mahadevappa told TOI villagers are afraid to move about freely on work and students are tense on their way to school and back. After class, students reach home by about 7pm and they tremble with fear on their way back. Virajpet taluk in-charge deputy conservator of forests Anand said cages would be kept in certain points to capture the animal. He said forest guards in groups will try and capture the tiger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430752", "title": "Bloody start to the New Year in Chennai: Nine murders in 9 days", "text": "CHENNAI: The year has started on a tough note for the Chennai police with nine murders being committed in the first nine days of January.Three murders were reported in the last 48 hours - those of an autorickshaw driver in Tiruvanmiyur, a man in Madipakkam and a part-time beautician in Ambattur.Police have solved five of the nine cases reported from different parts of the city. \"Of the three cases reported in west Chennai, we have solved two. We have formed special teams to crack the rest ,\" said west zone joint commissioner of police K Shankar.The reasons for the murders ranged from robbery to spousal abuse. On January 2, bank employee V Aruna Seethalakshmi was murdered in the bedroom of her house in Nungambakkam. This was followed by a man murdering his wife and daughter in Ambattur on January 5. The next day, another man killed his wife in Korukkupet, and a gang stabbed a man. On Saturday, caterer Mani Bharathi was stabbed during a drunken brawl in Kilpauk.The police are planning to set up a special department to handle homicide cases. In 2011, Chennai city reported the highest number of murders (139), followed by Villuppuram (74) and Tirunelveli (72), according to the State Crime Records Bureau. A total of 1,506 cases were reported up to October 2011 as against 1,460 in 2010, an increase of 3%. Of them, 1,408 cases were solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429781", "title": "Over 350 doctors attend medical meet", "text": "PUNE: Interesting videos, live demonstrations of different kinds of surgeries and discussions on technical advancements in the field of laparoscopy, gastroenterology and obesity were part of Metasurg 2012 - the 5th International Congress in the field of laparoscopic and bariatric surgery - that concluded at Poona Hospital and Research Centre (PHRC) on Sunday. Over 350 national and international clinicians, including surgeons, endocrinologists and anaesthesiologists, attended the two-day conference.Addressing the participants, bariatric and laparoscopic surgeon Jayasshree Todkar, conference's organising secretary, said, \"The conference aimed at bringing together the best names from India and abroad to facilitate knowledge and ideas exchange in the fields of laparoscopic, obesity and metabolic surgery.\"The highlight of the event was the live virtual and live surgical workshop on 'Controversies in Laparoscopic and Bariatric Surgery'. Besides, various technical advancements in the fields were also discussed.\"The meet addressed many issues in which clinicians do not have a clear cut answer, till date. The open discussions and paper presentations at Metasurg 2012 have cleared up many doubts and removed mind-blocks among surgeons and clinicians in treating their patients,\" said bariatric and laparoscopic surgeon Shashank Shah, organising chairman of Metasurg 2012.The conference was conducted under the aegis of organisations like the Indian Association of Gastrointestinal Endosurgeons and The International Federation for the Surgery of Obesity and Metabolic Disorders.Interesting videos and live demonstrations of different kinds of surgeries, such as single-incision surgery, trans-vaginal surgery, laparoscopic liver resection, SILS - gastric bypass, laparoscopic duodenal switch, Robotic surgery, and case studies were presented on the second day of the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11430428", "title": "HC appoints advocate commission to inspect Vilappilsala plant", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala High Court on Monday appointed an advocate commission to inspect the operation of the waste management plant at Vilappilsala in Thiruvananthapuram. The court also directed the police to give protection to the advocate commissioner to inspect the plant.Considering a petition by Thiruvananthapuram Corporation seeking police protection to dispose of waste at the Vilappilsala plant, a division bench of acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice P R Ramachandra Menon appointed advocate K Meera as the commission to inspect the plant.The court also asked the commission to inspect the plant on Saturday and submit a report by next Tuesday. The inspection should be done by the advocate commissioner along with the officials of the Kerala State Pollution Control Board, the court directed.Based on the petition filed by the corporation last week, the court had sought explanation from Vilappilsala panchayat and the state government. In the petition, the corporation had highlighted that the life of the people in the city were affected due to the stand taken by the panchayat not to allow disposal of waste at Vilappilsala. The corporation also challenged the confiscation of waste disposal machinery by the panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430349", "title": "Doctor held for obscene campaign against woman techie", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths have arrested a 29-year-old MBBS graduate for harassing a US-based woman techie by creating fake social networking profiles.Three years ago, Manohar, 29, of Nellore, finished MBBS from the Government Medical College in Anantapur and subsequently got admission to the post-graduate programme of the prestigious AIIMS, New Delhi.However, Manohar did not join AIIMS and began drifting away. During the final stages of his undergraduate course, Manohar developed a habit of giving missed calls to random mobile numbers.\"On noticing a missed call, some people used to call him back. If the a caller was a woman, Manohar used to make serious efforts to befriend them,\" CID additional SP U Rammohan said.Using the same technique, Manohar became friends with a software engineer from Hyderabad. The phone friendship continued for about a year but when the doctor finally proposed, the girl rejected his proposal.Enraged with the rejection, Manohar began abusing her over the phone. He also started sending abusive SMSs and emails to harass the woman. Finally a year-and-half ago, she got married and left for the United States .At that time, Manohar created fake profiles of the victim on social networking site, Orkut, using obscene photo graphs and description.\"From the fake profile, Manohar had sent requests to many people including some of the friends and colleagues of the victim,\" Rammohan said.Some of the victim's friends, who saw the fake profile, brought it to her notice and her shocked family members approached the CID a month ago.Police booked a case under sections 66-A, 67 of the IT (Amend) Act 2008 and sections 507, 509 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and launched a probe.During the course of investigation, police managed to trace the IP addresses used by the accused and he was arrested at his relative's house in the city on Monday.Police seized a laptop, and data card used by the accused. He was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11433337", "title": "Hasina visit likely to boost Indo-Bangla bilateral trade", "text": "Agartala: Bilateral trade relations between India and Bangladesh are likely to get a boost during Sheikh Hasina's two-day visit to Agartala from January 11. The Bangladesh Prime Minister will attend a meeting between the business and trade communities of the two countries at Prajna Bhawan here soon after her arrival by a special flight from Dhaka. The neighbouring country's industries minister, Dilip Baruah, along with foreign Minister Dipu Moni, is also scheduled to accompany the Prime Minister.\"The meeting is expected to cover a wide range of issues to give a fillip to bilateral trade relations,\" said a senior member of the Tripura Chamber of Commerce and Industries (TCCI).Tripura industries minister Jiten Chowdhury and Tripura Industrial Development Corporation (TIDC) chairman Pabitra Kar held a high-level meeting with the Toffice-bearers to finalize the issues to be discussed at the top level.\"The issues on the top of our agenda will be transshipment of goods from the rest of India through Bangladesh to Tripura; development of road communication and other infrastructure; and land custom stations on both sides of the border,\" said the TCCI official.Following the signing of the Indo-Bangla Accord in the presence of Hasina in Delhi in 2010, Dhaka allowed Tripura to use Ashuganj river port to bring in heavy machinery - over dimensional cargos - for ONGC's Palatana power project in South Tripura from other parts of the country. However, this time during her meeting with the Tripura business delegation, the TCCI and the state government would request the Bangladesh Prime Minister to grant transshipment facility in perpetuity.Indian officials and industrialists said while the international land customs post at Akhaura (Agartala) is being upgraded with adequate facilities, other Land Custom posts at Srimantapur (Sonamura) and Raghna (Dharmanagar) are not satisfactory.\"We have to expedite the infrastructure-building projects to cope with the increased volumes of export and import to and from Bangladesh. Their infrastructure along the border as well as in Ashuganj port also needs to be upgraded to match the emerging trend,\" said Subrata Roy, a leading businessman of Agartala.TCCI president M L Debnath said they would also request the Bangladesh Prime Minister to open a facilitation centre at Akhaura in Bangladesh to avoid inordinate delays in the smooth and easy certification of goods imported by Tripura businessmen. \"We are hopeful that she will look into our demand,\" said Debnath, adding at present Tripura imports Bangladeshi goods worth approximately of Rs 150 crore while the goods are worth about Rs 20 crore. \"The trade balance is heavily tilted in favour of Bangladesh as far as Tripura is concerned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431690", "title": "In Karnataka, 22% of milk is adulterated", "text": "NEW DELHI: Beware, your daily glass of good health could actually be doing you harm. An all-state study has found that milk is adulterated with detergent, fat and even urea. Besides, it is diluted with water. Across the country, 68.4% of the samples were found contaminated.Only in Goa and Puducherry did 100% of the samples tested conform to required standards. At the other end were West Bengal, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Orissa and Mizoram, where not a single sample tested met the prescribed norms.Only 22% of the milk samples randomly taken from the state for testing by the Food Safety Standards Authority of India did not meet the standards. In Kerala, this percentage was 28, 12 in Tamil Nadu and 6.7 in Andhra Pradesh.In Delhi, 70% of the 71 milk samples picked up by the government agency failed to conform to standards. Fifty samples were found to be contaminated with glucose and skim milk powder, usually added to milk in the lean season to enhance volumes.Other prominent states fared just a shade better than the national capital.Around 89% of the samples tested from Gujarat , 83% from J&K;, 81% from Punjab, 76% from Rajasthan, 70% from Haryana and 65% from Maharashtra failed the test. Around half of the samples from Madhya Pradesh (48%) met a similar fate. The samples for testing - in all 1,791 - were collected randomly and analyzed from 33 states and Union territories. These were sent to government laboratories like department of food and drug testing of Puducherry, Central Food Laboratory in Pune, Food Reasearch and Standardization Laboratory in Ghaziabad, State Public Health Laboratory in Guwahati and Central Food Laboratory, Kolkata. They were tested for the presence of common adulterants such as fat, neutralizers, hydrogen peroxide, sugar, starch, glucose, urea, detergent, formalin and vegetable fat. Just around 31.5% of the total samples tested (565) conformed to the FSSAI standards while the rest 1,226 (68.4%) failed the test. Detergent was found in 103 samples (8.4%). \"This was mainly because the milk tanks were not properly washed. Detergents in milk can cause serious health problems,\" FSSAI official told TOI. The non-conforming samples in rural areas numbered 381 (31%) out of which 64 (16.7%) were packet milk and 317 (83.2%) were loose samples.Times ViewThis only confirms that food adulteration is common in India. Even milk, consumed primarily by children, isn't spared. What's particularly worrying is the kind of substances used to adulterate, including toxic chemicals. This shows that the trade off between the risk of getting caught and the 'reward' of huge profits is skewed heavily in favour of the latter. The government must focus on raising the risks to the adulterator. One way of doing this is by hiking the penalty, including making it analogous to attempt to murder in extreme cases. It's equally important to regularly check foodstuff for adulteration and ensure speedy trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430348", "title": "Mahim gets a citizen candidate", "text": "MUMBAI: Taruna Kumbhar (31) has been chosen as the consensus citizen candidate by Hansel D'Souza's Mumbai Nagrik Manch on Monday in Mahim's ward 181, which has been reserved for women in the civic polls.Kumbhar, a social worker for 15 years, has the support of women in Mahim's Machimar Colony, police quarters and the Slope area. Kumbhar will face stiff competition from Shiva Sena's Milind Vaidya who is the sitting corporator in the ward.\"She is Maharashtrian, which is a plus point. Kumbhar has been working with a women's self-help group for 15 years,\" said D'Souza. Kumbhar said that whether it is water leakage or garbage segregation, she is no stranger to tackling issues at the ward level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11431453", "title": "Forensic report confirms firing of gun shot", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: The forensic postmortem examination confirmed on Monday that the bullet that was fired at Tejinder Singh, the class VIII student, killing him had been fired from a double barrel gun. The postmortem report submitted to the district police suggested that the bullet pierced through Tejinder's body.Meanwhile, equipped with the postmortem report, the district police has intensified raids to round up poachers allegedly involved in the incident which took place on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday. Notably, poachers resorted to opening fire at Tejinder after he raised an alarm when they were about to enter the reserve forest area to hunt for wild boar.Meanwhile, the police have also forward the details of the incident to the wildlife department for action on their part as well.The incident took place when Tejinder was working in his father's fields. Soon after he saw the poachers, believed to be 14 to 16 in number, the boy raised an alarm. Angry over his reaction, the poachers opened fire at him.Before farmers working in the nearby fields could react to the situation , the poachers managed to escape leaving behind five motorcycles which helped the police in identifying the suspects.\"We have got vital clues regarding all the suspects and they would be behind the bars anytime now,'' Dhanpal Singh, investigating officer of the case said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11429853", "title": "Rathod, Chaudhuri to feature at this year's Vasantotsav", "text": "PUNE: Gazal singers Roop Kumar Rathod and Sunali Rathod, vocalist Ustad Rashid Khan, sitar maestro Ustad Shahid Parvez and renowned tabla player and Sangeet Natak Akademi award-winner Swapan Chaudhuri will feature in the fifth edition of Vasantotsav to be held from January 20 to 22 at New English School, Ramanbaug.Organised by the Vasantrao Deshpande Pratishthan, the three-day music festival will feature the best of classical and fusion music by reputed names in the field of Indian and international music.\"Vasantotsav is all about bringing different forms of music to one stage, since my grandfather always liked listening to all types of music,\" said vocalist Rahul Deshpande, grandson of the late Pandit Vasantrao Deshpande, in whose memory the programme is held, at a news conference on Monday.The festival will start with a 'ghazal' recital by Roop Kumar Rathod and Sunali Rathod. This will be followed by a 'jugalbandi' between Ustad Rashid Khan and Ustad Shahid Parvez.The second day comprises performances by Swapan Chaudhuri. The second half of the evening will feature a unique fusion session featuring Rahul Deshpande (vocals), George Brooks (saxophone), Shashank Subramanyam (flute) and Vijay Ghate (tabla). \"Brooks is a leading American musician in Indian jazz fusion. He will be performing in Pune for the first time,\" said Deshpande. The hour-and-a-half-long segment has been conceptualised by and will be compered by actor Rahul Solapurkar.Sitar player Niladri Kumar will present his signature 'Sitarfunk' on the third day of the music festival.Vasantotsav will conclude with a performance by masters of the 'khyal' style, Pandit Rajan and Pandit Sajan Mishra from the Banaras gharana.\"This year, we will also present a scholarship to an upcoming artiste, as well as felicitate established artistes in the field of Indian music with two awards,\" added Deshpande. Performances will be held every evening from 5.30 pm to 10 pm.In the coming years, Deshpande hopes to take Vasantotsav beyond Pune as well. \"I hope to take Vasantotsav to other cities, too. I will also continue performing old 'sangeet natak' (Marathi musicals) for today's audiences because this is one musical genre that my grandfather Pandit Vasantarao Deshpande contributed to in a big way,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430368", "title": "Security guards arrested, 35 illegal guns seized", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths have arrested a private security service firm owner and 11 armed security guards for possessing illegal weapons. Police have seized 35 guns and 38 live rounds from their possession.Acting on a tip-off, Task Force sleuths raided Scientific Maintenance Security Services office at Mahendra Hills in Secunderabad, and Writers Safe Guard, Balanagar, and apprehended 11 security guards, who were working with fake arms licences.During interrogation, private security firm owners informed police that the armed security guards were supplied to them by Turlapati Raja Vijay Prakash Babu, the owner of Protection Management Services, Neredmet. Police apprehended Raja and seized 11 fake arms licences, 35 illegal weapons, including 12 DBBL, 23 SBBL guns and 38 live rounds from the possession of the security guards and agencies.Police arrested Turlapati Raja Vijay Prakash Babu, owner of Protection Management Services, security guards Sanjay Chobey, Sanjay Sharma, Brijesh Kumar Singh of UP, Asgar Ali, Ashok Singh, Rajnarayan Singh, Bhagwar Dayal Singh, Brijeder Singh, Ashok Kumar , Ram Kawal Pradhan and Arvind Kumar Yadav of Bihar.According to Hyderabad police commissioner A K Khan, Prakash Babu, an ex-serviceman, had earlier worked as special police officer (SPO) with the city police in 2008. Subsequently, he had quit the job and set up Protection Management Services in 2010. He supplied 60 armed security guards to other private security agencies by charging Rs 11,000 per month for each guard.\"We have found that all the security guards employed by Raja have fake all-India arms licences purportedly issued by various district magistrates in UP and Bihar,\" Khan said.During the raid, police apprehended 11 guards in possession of fake licences and 11 fire arms. They have also seized 24 illegal weapons abandoned by the 24 absconding accused at Writers Safe Guard office, where they were working.\"The arrested persons along with the seized weapons were handed over to the Tukaramgate police for further investigation,\" the commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/lucknow", "code": "11431179", "title": "EC defends veil statues order", "text": "NEW DELHI/LUCKNOW: The EC on Monday stood by its decision to drape elephant statues and those of Mayawati saying a \"range of comments and interpretations of the order are not based on substance and are misleading\" .The poll panel clarification came on a day a PIL was moved in Allahabad High Court challenging the order. The PIL, filed by Dheeraj Pratap Singh, comes up for hearing on Wednesday . The petitioner claims the Constitution guarantees everyone freedom to practice and profess any religion and the elephant represents Lord Ganesha. Religious beliefs , Singh says, hold that the raised trunk of an elephant represents \"prosperity \" and lowered, is a symbol of \"holiness\".The EC said comments suggested a factual lack of understanding. The model code, it explained, envisages a level-playing field for parties and candidates and bars images of national leaders, poets and historical figures, photographs of PM, CM, ministers etc from being displayed in government premises. The EC said elephant statues, the BSP symbol Mayawati's statues \"in public places at government expenses get covered in the instructions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11429807", "title": "IGP moots studying ratio of recruitment in other states", "text": "PANAJI: With several police inspectors making a representation to SP (headquarters) against the government notification stating that only 50% of serving officers of the rank of PI would be promoted to the post of DySP and the other 50% would be filled through direct recruitment, IGP Sanjay Singh has recommended that the police study the recruitment ratio in other states.Sources said that several PIs who were due to be promoted to DySPs had made a representation to SP (headquarters) after the government issued the notification. Thereafter, the SP sought the IGP's opinion and he recommended that they needed to study the recruitment ratio for DySPs in others states before taking a stand. \"We are looking into the matter and will soon take a stand on the issue,\" said a senior police officer.However, the PIs who have made the representation quoted the Gore Committee report on police training, which opposes direct recruitments to the post of DySP as \"direct entry into the rank of DySP reduces the chances of the subordinate ranks for a promotion and is a serious impediment in the development of correct attitudes and values\". \"A DySP has to wait for 10-15 years before becoming an SP, and being much younger than a promoted DySP (direct DySP) blocks the latter's chances of a further promotion almost completely. The result is that a large number of highly competent and devoted officers, who have risen from the ranks, have to retire without finding a place in the promotion quota of the IPS,\" the report added.In the past, 20% of the vacancies of the junior scale (DySP) were filled by direct recruitment and the remaining 80% were filled by promotions from among the officers who substantively held the post of PI, on a regular basis for a minimum period of five years under the government of Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhix", "code": "11437340", "title": "42% of Indian children underweight, Manmohan calls it a 'national shame'", "text": "NEW DELHIX: Highlighting that 42 per cent children were underweight in a country witnessing high growth, today described it as a national shame and said the government could not rely solely on ICDS, a programme for early childhood development, to address it.\"...the problem of malnutrition is a matter of national shame. Despite impressive growth in our GDP, the level of under-nutrition in the country is unacceptably high,\" he said releasing a report on Hunger and Malnutrition (HUNGaMA) here.Pointing out that India had not succeeded in reducing the levels of malnutrition fast enough, he said, \"Though the ICDS continues to be our most important tool to fight malnutrition, we can no longer rely solely on it.\"The Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) scheme is a major national programme that addresses the health and nutrition needs of children under the age of six.The HUNGaMA report states that the prevalence of child underweight has decreased from 53 per cent to 42 per cent, marking a 20.3 per cent fall over a seven year period with an average annual rate of reduction of 2.9 per cent.The survey found that the rates of child malnutrition were still unacceptably high in the 100 focus districts with the poorest child development indicators where over 40 per cent of children were underweight and almost 60 per cent stunted.\"We need to focus on districts where malnutrition levels are high and where conditions causing malnutrition prevail,\" Singh said.He said policy makers and programme implementers need to clearly understand many linkages - between education and health, sanitation and hygiene, drinking water and nutrition - and then shape their responses accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431584", "title": "City is still 'disturbed area'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While Punjab has withdrawn status of 'disturbed area' 15 years back, UT still holds the tag by virtue of special notification of the central government. However, taking cognizance, Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday put on notice the Chandigarh administration as well as the ministry of home affairs ( MHA) to respond. Importantly, if the notification is nullified, the post of chief commissioner would be restored, which is held by the Punjab governor, who acts as the Administrator of the city.The matter would now come up for hearing before the high court on March 5.The issue surfaced before the division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover while hearing a public interest (PIL) filed by Sector 7 resident Surinder Singh Bhardwaj.Petitioner sought directions to quash the notifications issued on December 2, 1986 and December 5, 1991 whereby Chandigarh had been declared as disturbed area by the administrator of Chandigarh. He had also annexed some information obtained under the RTI Act in which UT had recently conceded that the Chandigarh Disturbed Area Act, 1983 is still in place in city. PIL submitted that the said act was implemented in city along with Punjab during the peak time of militancy in Punjab. However, Punjab has already removed the said act in October 1997, but UT is yet to remove it despite the fact that wholesome and peace has been restored in Punjab and Chandigarh.It was also submitted by the petitioner that due to the Act, extra forces have been posted at many places in city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433478", "title": "Asin\u2019s guest appearance!", "text": "Gossip spreads faster than fire in the industry and looks like it is Asin's turn to be shocked by the latest rumour doing the round.The buzz is that the actress will be making her small screen debut soon and that she will be hosting a reality show every week, which will be aired on national television. However, Asin's spokesperson clarifies that she will be seen in the show - but only as a guest.\"Asin has shot for an episode of Superstar Santa, in which she will be the celebrity guest. She is not hosting the show, nor will she be debuting on small screen. Her hands are full with her Bollywood projects - Bol Bachchan and Housefull 2,\" the spokesperson adds, \"She participated in this show like how she was part of other celebrity chat shows. Sonam Kapoor and Abhishek Bachchan have also shot for this show.\"Asin had reportedly said that she could relate to the show as it is based on real-life problems of people and mostly dealt with their issues in families and between friends. She was also excited because she had a chance to sort out their issues and interact directly with her audience.On the Kollywood front, the actress has not done any project since her outing in Vijay's Kaavalan. Recently, the buzz was that she would do the lead role opposite Superstar Rajinikanth in his forthcoming Kochadaiyan, but the actress denied signing it but stated that she was 'very interested in acting with the Superstar.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11433295", "title": "Koda &amp; aides declared fit", "text": "RANCHI: The IG (prison) on Monday submitted a report to the Jharkhand high court on the health condition of former chief minister Madhu Koda, two former ministers - Kamlesh Singh and Bhanu Pratap Shahi - along with one of Koda's close aides, Vijay Joshi, who are lodged in jail. All of them are accused in the multi-crore money-laundering scam in 2009.Hearing a petition filed by Durga Oraon accusing the former ministers of spending their jail term in hospital comfort by pretending illness, the court directed IG (prison) Vijay Kumar Singh to file a report on the health condition of Koda and his associates by January 10, the date slated for the next hearing.According to the directive of court, a medical board of five doctors, including three from the army, was constituted to conduct a thorough medical check-up of the three former ministers and Joshi on December 28 and submitted its report to the IG (prison).In the medical board report submitted to the high court, all the four \"VIP\" inmates have been declared fit to an extent that they do not require medical treatment in specialized hospitals. The board has observed that whatever disease these people have been suffering from could be treated in the jail hospital itself.The division bench of Justice R K Merathia and Justice D N Upadhyay had issued a notice to the director of the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) seeking a reply under what conditions these four people were allowed a long-term stay in the hospital and the nature of treatment they were going through.Responding to the notice, RIMS director Tulsi Mahato filed his reply on Monday stating that the hospital receives patients from the jail on recommendation of the jail superintendent. He also said in case of Koda and his associates, a government-appointed medical board took the final decision and recommended treatment at the hospital.Counsel of the petitioner Rajiv Kumar said the petitioner was going to file an affidavit praying for action over the previous medical board which allowed Koda and company to stay in the hospital without valid grounds for attaining treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11431500", "title": "Without salary for 8 months, 300 teachers plan boycott of classes", "text": "AMBALA: Around 300 teachers employed in 129 government primary schools of city has entered year 2012 with empty pockets and no money for proper meals. It was yet another unkept promise of education department as these teachers, largely women, have not got their salaries for the past eight months.Non-availabilty of budget funds and staff shortage in the office of district primary education officer (DPEO) are believed to be the reasons behind the hardships faced by teachers. Upset over being left out without salaries in January as well, the teachers have announced to boycott classes now.\"Firstly, we do not have adequate sanction of budget funds for the block. If at all there is sanction, we do not have clerks, who could prepare the salary slips. We are also equally worried about their problems and are hopeful of solving this by Wednesday,'' Uma Sharma, block education officer (BPO) of Ambala city, said.There is only one clerk in the district primary education officer (DPEO) office to deal with salary statements of teachers and hence the problem, department sources said.Meanwhile, when contacted, Hardev Singh, president of Primary School Teachers Association, termed the situation a result of arrogance on the part of government towards the cause of teachers. \"What kind of results the Haryana government is looking forward from teachers who have not been given salaries. On the other hand, the government does not waste any time in seeking explanation of teachers in case there is any mishap in a school,'' Hardev Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11431552", "title": "Special coach to Goa 'cold' &amp; 'stale'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The much-publicized 'Special coach to Goa from Chandigarh' returned to city railway station on Monday with passengers complaining lack of hospitality by the Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation's (IRCTC) aboard the special coach.The coach was attached to the Kerala Sampark Kranti and left city on January 4. The 72-seat coach was booked to capacity and the train reached Madgaon on January 5. Passengers, who were taken on a Goa tour on January 6 and 7, complained that no food was being served to them on the train journey on both sides and the food they got by paying extra was sub-standard. Not only that, the boarding and lodging facilities were also equally uninspiring even though every passenger shelled out Rs 7,015 for a single train ticket.Speaking to TOI, IRCTC chief regional manager R K Sondh said, \"All terms and conditions of the train journey were explained to the passengers and they were made aware that we would not be able to provide food for them on the train rides. However, they had the option of purchasing food trays from the pantry car in the train. If that was sub-standard, then they should have complained to pantry car manager on the train itself.\"He added that the staying arrangements were satisfactory and passengers were free to upgrade their arrangements, if they felt the need.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430826", "title": "CBI summons Amit Shah for interrogation", "text": "New Delhi: The CBI has called former Gujarat home minister Amit Shah , considered a close aide of CM Narendra Modi, to Delhi on Tuesday for questioning in connection with the 2006 `fake encounter' of Tulsiram Prajapati, who was a key witness in Sohrabuddin Sheikh and his wife Kausarbi's murder case. The CBI asked Shah, who is out on bail, to appear at the agency headquarters for questioning in the Prajapati case.Investigators are likely to confront the BJP leader with telephone records about him being allegedly in touch with police officers, including DIG (Jail) D G Vanzara. Shah has been asked by the Supreme Court not to enter Gujarat as the agency alleged that he may tamper with the evidence or intimidate the witnesses.Prajapati, a close aide of Sohrabuddin, a gangster, was killed in a `shootout' near Chapri village in Banaskantha district on December 28, 2006. CBI took over the case last April following direction from the Supreme Court and registered a case against \"police officials of Gujarat, Rajasthan and others for alleged involvement in the criminal conspiracy of wrongful restraint, wrongful confinement, abduction and murder of Tulsi Prajapati and causing disappearance of evidence\".The FIR was registered following the apex court's order on April 8, 2011, on a writ petition filed by Prajapati's mother, Narmada Bai. Her petition formed the basis of the FIR, and the probe was being conducted by the CBI's special investigation team (SIT) that had earlier probed the Soharabuddin case. Bai had alleged that her son was killed in a fake encounter by the Gujarat Police as he was a key eyewitness in the killing of Soharabuddin in November, 2005.The CBI sought help of the forensic experts in reconstructing the `fake encounter' of Prajapati by Gujarat Police in 2006. The agency had also questioned two police officers, Yashpal Chudasama and Ajay Patel, who are believed to be close to Shah, for about four hours in end-December. Chudasama and Patel, along with Shah, have been named as the accused in the CBI chargesheet in the Soharabuddin case. The trio have been accused of trying to influence witness and derail the CBI probe in the Soharabuddin encounter case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon/ new delhi", "code": "11435168", "title": "Haryana wants Gurgaon BPOs to hire local staff", "text": "GURGAON/ NEW DELHI: The Haryana government wants the BPO companies in Gurgaon to conduct campus interviews in state-owned colleges to motivate students to acquire skills that would help them get jobs in industries dealing with IT-enabled services (ITeS).Sources in the state education department said that the industry leaders can choose the college in the region from where they want to kick off this initiative. It has been some time since the state government has been discussing the possibility of designing the college syllabus in such a manner that it makes the state's youngsters more employable.While Gurgaon has emerged as the major BPO hub in north India, the manpower requirement is met from either Delhi or its adjoining cities. Confirming that the state government is thinking of incorporating subjects in college curriculum to meet the industry requirement, higher education secretary S S Prasad said that a high-level task force is looking into the suggestions made by the industry. Prasad was in Gurgaon to attend a workshop on Monday with the Nasscom representatives and top industry leaders.This was also attended by deans and senior faculty of about 25 colleges besides representatives from companies such as Cognizant , Fidelity, IBM , Genpact and WNS. The education secretary said that the task force under the chairmanship of the chief secretary is meeting on January 20 to give concrete shape to the proposals made by the BPO industry. \"The curriculum should be relevant to the industry. There is a need to fill the gap that exists between the industry and our education system,\" Prasad added.It was decided in the workshop that the industry and the academia would jointly organize faculty training workshops, summer internships, industry visits for faculty and students, focused grooming of select interested students to help achieve early results and organize job fairs and campus interviews.Subinder Khurana, chairman, Nasscom regional council, said that the focus is on improving infrastructure, expanding the industry footprint and increasing employment of local talent in the industry. Rakesh Kapoor, managing director of Summit Technologies, said that the education initiative is targeted at increasing the absorption of local talent in the IT/ BPO industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430731", "title": "Dam row hits book fair", "text": "CHENNAI: The Mullaperiyar dam dispute has had its fallout at the Chennai Book Fair with the Malayala Manorama stall there being granted police protection on Monday.This follows a protest on Sunday night by a Tamil nationalist outfit demanding closure of the stall for the publication's alleged \"false propaganda against TN\" in reporting dam-related issues. R S Shanmugam, president of Booksellers and Publishers Association of South India, denied there was any pressure on the organizers or the Manorama group to vacate the stall. \"There was some slogan shouting on the dam issue, but we persuaded them to leave,\" he said.Eye witnesses identified the protesters as members of a fringe group, 'May 17 Movement' formed after the banned LTTE was defeated in the ethnic war in Sri Lanka .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11433349", "title": "Neramac to host food expo at Nedfi haat", "text": "GUWAHATI: With a view to promote the food processing industry of the eight northeastern states, Neramac (North Eastern Regional Agricultural Marketing Corporation), an initiative of the Centre, will organize the North East Food Processing Expo at NEDFi haat at Ambari in the city from January 16.Leading and upcoming food processing industries from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura have confirmed their participation in the event, sponsored by the ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER). The expo, to be inaugurated by state agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka on January 16, will have first generation entrepreneurs on agri-business showcasing and selling their exotic produce and products.Addressing the media on the four-day expo here on Monday, managing director of Neramac S Bhattacharjee said, \"This initiative will provide a platform to the tiny and small food processing units of the northeastern region to showcase their expertise on food processing in the region. We at Neramac are constantly trying to intervene and support these entrepreneurs in providing a good market for their produce and products, and, thereby, earn profits to sustain their operations through value addition in the region.\"He said 28 food processing units from the northeast have confirmed their participation and there will be an additional stall by Neramac. Bhattacharjee expressed hope that the buyer-seller meet to be held during the expo would provide the food processing units an opportunity for a better tie-up to market their products abroad.General manager of Neramac Bhaskar Barua said the expo will give a platform to the entrepreneurs as they lack the economic viability to come to metros to promote their products. He informed that a cooking competition will also be held during the expo.KCS Kurup, general manager (Assam) of Neramac said the event would showcase a range of processed food products and people of all ages would find something of their liking. Agricultural &amp; Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (Apeda), National Horticulture Board (NHB) and Central Institute of Plastics Engineering &amp; Technology (Cipet) have also given their consent to be part of the expo and support the processor and exhibitors by providing a knowledge base to take forward their ventures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ballia/azamgarh(up)", "code": "11438418", "title": "BJP killed Lokpal Bill: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "BALLIA/AZAMGARH(UP): Asserting that a \"strong Lokpal\" would be brought in the next session of Parliament, Rahul Gandhi today trained his guns on the BJP, saying it had \"killed\" the Bill for granting Constitutional status to the anti-corruption watchdog.Rahul, who had floated the idea of giving Constitutional status to Lokpal, said a strong Lok Pal is a dream of Congress that will come true.The AICC General Secretary claimed the BJP leaders were all smiles in the Lok Sabha when the Bill to amend the Constitution in this regard fell through in the Lower House last month.\"A strong Lokpal bill would be brought in the next session of Parliament without caring about opposition to it\", Rahul said while addressing a series of meetings on the fourth day of his five-day election tour of Uttar Pradesh.Rahul hit out at the BJP over its Lokpal Bill strategy, saying they shout anti-corruption slogans in public and then \"kill\" Lokpal Bill in the Lok Sabha.\"They(BJP leaders) were smiling in the Lok Sabha and said Lokpal is not their dream but ours--Manmohan Singhji, Rahul Gandhiji and Sonia Gandhiji's.\"I agree. A strong Lokpal is our dream. Just wait and watch, we will bring a Constitutional Lokpal and defeat them,\" he said.Rahul also accused BSP supremo and UP chief minister Mayawati and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav of keeping mum on the issue of reservation of Muslims during their reign as head of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11433023", "title": "Scientists to help state tackle bird flu", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A two-member central team is slated to arrive here to take stock of the situation arising out of detection of bird flu cases at Keranga in Khurda district, official sources said.Two scientists, including Dr Tara Shankar Pain from Kolkata, would be camping here to assist the state government in tackling bird flu (caused by H5N1 virus) and related cases, said secretary, fisheries and animal resources, Satyabrata Sahu.The Centre's decision to send two experts experienced in handling bird flu or avian influenza came a day after the disease was confirmed in Odisha for the maiden time on Sunday. \"So far two samples, a hen and a duck, have reported positive,\" Sahu informed.The agriculture ministry is yet to order culling of birds, but the state government is ready to undertake whatever is required, official sources said. \"We have stepped up surveillance, formed rapid response teams and stopped movement of poultry birds within three km radius of Keranga,\" Sahu said. \"We have instructed all districts to remain vigilant and report suspected cases of bird flu. There is no need to panic; we are adopting all possible measures,\" he added.The state government also sent more samples of poultry and crow from different districts to the High Security Animal Disease Laboratory (HSADL) of Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI) in Bhopal for examination. Earlier, around 300 samples were sent for testing in the wake of death of hundreds of crows in different parts, including Champua (Keonjhar), Keranga (Khurda), Paradeep (Jagatsinghpur), Jajpur town (Jajpur) and Betanoti (Mayurbhanj), in the state.Official sources said test reports about crows were still awaited. On Sunday, chief secretary Bijay Patnaik discussed with senior officers measures to be taken to deal with the situation in Keranga, where an estimated 40,000 poultry birds are being bred. No significant poultry deaths had been reported from the area, sources said.The state government has also alerted officers looking after Chilika lake and Bhitarkanika National Park (in Kendrapada district) to tackle possible bird flu cases. \"We have put officers of Chilika Development Authority and Bhitakanika on alert as a large number of migratory birds visit these two places,\" a senior officer said.In 2005, 2006 and 2008, bird flu scare had gripped Odisha leading to culling of large number of poultry birds, but no avian influenza case was detected then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430323", "title": "Friends drank as victim lay unconscious", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramdas Bagade (22) lost his life following a petty brawl over a cricket ball. His friend Sandeep Gondke said, \"We were partying on a platform built on one side of the ground when the incident took place. We tried to stop the three while they were assaulting the victim, but they did not listen to us.\" \"After some time, when he collapsed on the ground, they fled the scene.''\"The victim's father, Vishwanath Bagade, said in his statement that the family learned about the incident when their son's friends informed Ramdas's mother that he was lying unconscious on the ground after being hit by three youths over a trivial issue,\" the investigators said.\"The friends continued to drink and an hour later when they again tried to wake up Bagade, they found that he was not responding. They then informed the family who rushed to the ground and took him to Fortis hospital where he was declared dead on arrival,\" one of the investigators said.Both the victim and the accused are from middle-class families and reside in a Mulund locality.\"Through Gondke we got a description of the accused. We looked for them the entire night and found that the three had not returned to their homes,\" said the police.The accused were arrested in less than 12 hours and booked for murder.Additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid formed two teams under Mulund police senior inspector Jadhav, who supervised the team led by inspector Pandurang Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11437502", "title": "Bombing kills 35 in Pakistan's Khyber region", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least 35 people were killed and 69 injured after a remote-control bomb exploded at a crowded marketplace in Pakistan's northwestern tribal region on Tuesday.The blast occurred at Jamrud town of the Khyber Agency,an area where militants carried out deadly attacks in the past, some of them on mosques, killing scores of people. Tuesday's attack was the bloodiest since a suicide bomber killed more than 40 people at a mosque in Jamrud last year in August.Officials said that the bomb was planted in a vehicle in Jamrud's busy market area and was detonated through a remote-control device.\"The total number of deaths in the blast is 35 while 69 people were wounded, several of them in critical condition,\" said Mutahir Zeb, a senior administration official.Locals said that tribal people had formed a militia in Jamrud to fight against a local faction of the Taliban. Although no one has claimed responsibility of the attack but reports suggest that members of the anti-Taliban militia were in the vicinity when the blast happened.The recent violence comes amid media speculation that there have been peace talks going on between elements of the Taliban and the Pakistani authorities. But militants denied such talks, saying they would take revenge if the army continued with the attacks against them.On Monday, at least 10 paramilitary troops, who had been abducted in December, were found shot dead in the Orakzai tribal region. Fifteen soldiers were killed last week and their corpses were found in the small town of Shawa, an area bordering North Waziristan and Orakzai tribal regions near the Afghan border.The US had put pressure on Pakistan to step up the fight against those insurgents who launch attacks on its troops in Afghanistan . In recent months, Washington had accused parts of Pakistan's security establishment of backing such insurgents. Pakistan, however, had denied those charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai/nashik", "code": "11430198", "title": "Onion supplies to improve from today", "text": "MUMBAI/NASHIK: The supply of onions to retail markets will improve from Tuesday.Following a meeting with agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil on Monday, onion traders decided to withdraw their three-day boycott of auctions at the main markets.With onion prices in wholesale markets falling by 30% in the last three weeks, there were protests demanding lifting or lowering of the minimum export price (MEP), which is $250 per tonne at present.While citing the election code of conduct as the reason for not making any concrete promises, Vikhe-Patil assured the delegation of taking up the matter with the Centre. The state government has already asked the Centre to consider a stable policy on the export of agricultural produce.Nashik MLA Pankaj Bhujbal who was present for the meeting, said that the minister has assured the delegation that another demand regarding regular supply of wagons for transportation of onions will be pursued with railways. Traders' meanwhile withdrew the demand for a roll back on 35% levy recovered by the state as weighment charge, handling, and other services related to onion trade.Meanwhile, MP Sanjay Nirupam met Vikhe-Patil with a demand to permit licensed sellers and retailers to procure vegetables and fruits from farmers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430869", "title": "Nursery trauma: Thousands vie for few general seats", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is still a week to go before the closure of the application process for nursery admissions, but schools have already given out thousands of forms for less than a hundred general seats. Springdales School on Pusa Road, for instance, has sold 5,500 applications for just 47 seats in the general category. Similarly, DPS Rohini, which has just 70 general seats, already has 2,250 candidates registered online.Competition for nursery seats in the city is probably stiffer than IIT admissions, with parents already feeling anxious for their tiny tots. \"There is a mad scramble for seats and it is evident in the length of the queues outside the popular schools. I had to wait for an hour outside Springdales last week when I went there to buy a form for my nephew. The rush made us nervous,\" said Kush Bhardwaj, who lives in Patel Nagar.According to schools, the number of applications received in the forthcoming days will be less than those sold, but the difference is going to be hardly encouraging. Ameeta Mulla Wattal, principal, Springdales School, estimated that the number of applications received would still be over 4,000. \"Going by the trend in previous years, the number of forms received are likely to be 800-1,000 less than those sold. Admissions are a challenging task for us, too, as with every form hangs a hope.\"The story is no different at Apeejay School, Pitampura, where 3,900 kids have registered online for less than a hundred seats in the category.The sale and submission of nursery application forms is expected to go on till January 16 after which the schools will declare the first list of selected candidates on February 1. With 25% quota for the EWS and 20% seats reserved for the management quota, only a handful is left for children in the general category.\"The competition is extremely tough every year,\" said R C Shekhar, director, Gyan Bharati School, Saket, where over 2,000 candidates have already registered for 82 general seats. \"Nearly 3,000 candidates have registered so far, including EWS. We expect the figure to go up to 4,000.\"Principals say it's high time government set up good-quality schools to cater to all strata. DPS Rohini principal Rita Sen said: \"Government schools should improve in a way that they become the first priority for parents. Unless there are more schools and this mad rush for a particular set of schools stops, there will be no respite.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429585", "title": "More protests against fee hike at Priyadarshini group institutions", "text": "NAGPUR: The issue of fee hike seems to have become a perennial problem for colleges offering professional education, especially engineering institutions. Two days after rampaging students damaged property at Priyadarshini College of Engineering and Architecture (PCEA) at Digdoh in Hingna during protests against a sixfold fee hike, students from other colleges in the Priyadarshini group held protests on Monday for the same reason.The students of Priyadarshini Institute of Engineering and Technology (PIET) at Hingna and JL Chaturvedi College of Engineering at Nandanvan protested against the fee hike, which they termed 'exorbitant'. Last year, similar protests were held by students of KDK College of Engineering and Yashwantrao Chavan College of Engineering (YCCE).This time, however, the protests were more or less peaceful, with the students only agitating and raising slogans against the management. The students earlier vowed not to attend classes until their demands were met, but backed down after stern warnings from the management. However, the managements had a tough time negotiating with the agitating students.According to protesters at both these colleges, the fee hike was to the tune of Rs 6,000 every year, which was too much for most of them. They claimed that the hike was announced in all engineering colleges, but the management of some colleges, like YCCE, were absorbing the increased costs.\"It's ironical that the fee hike was carried out between two semesters, instead of at the start of the academic session. The management even refused to accept our examination forms. They (college management) told us to pay the extra Rs 4,961 and then fill exam forms,\" students told TOI. They added that no student of PCEA had paid the increased fees yet while some students of PIET had deposited the same.There is a common management for all Priyadarshini group of institutions, and said they are yet to take a final decision regarding roll back in fees. They informed the students that they will take a decision in this regard on Thursday. They also told students that the fee hike was implemented as per recommendations of the Shikshan Shulka Samiti (SSS), which is a state government body.The students of both these institutions have warned they will intensify protests if management failed to give them respite. They even threatened to skip classes and start an indefinite stir. No management representative was available for comments, despite repeated attempts.However, on Saturday, PCEA principal MP Singh had said the sudden fee hike was due to new rules of SSS. He said they were only charging the amount fixed by the SSS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430708", "title": "TNEB staffer attacked over outages", "text": "CHENNAI: Over 250 staff of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board's (TNEB) Mylapore division went on strike on Monday condemning the alleged attack on one of their wiremen by residents who were irked by continuous power cuts on Saturday.One of the protestors said power goes out often in the division because the lines are in bad condition. \"In Sardar Jung Garden alone there are 250 consumers who have power connection with temporary wires. Ideally, the cables should be underground but in this area they were outside,\" said a protestor.The electricity board office receives at least 20 complaints a day. On Saturday night, there was no power for many hours and agitated residents allegedly walked into the TNEB office and attacked wireman Krishnan (45). \"They hit him on his face and back. He lost one tooth,\" said the protestor.Meanwhile, TNEB is in a fix due to the 'Nakkeeran' Gopal and AIADMK clash. \"I went to the media house to check the pillar box on Saturday. But the watchman thought I had come to cut power and started threatening me,\" said an employee of the Royapettah board office.Angered by such threats, the staff went on a strike. \"We do not have sufficient manpower or materials to attend complaints. We cannot work under constant threats,\" said the staff member. The strike was called off after the police assured arrest of the attackers and protection to the staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11429818", "title": "Water tanks case: One arrested, released on bail", "text": "MARGAO: Seby Vaz, a resident of Loutolim in Salcete taluka, who was booked last week by the Maina Curtorim police on charges of violating the election code of conduct, was on Monday arrested and later released on bail.It may be noted that the flying squad led by Salcete sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Dasharath Redkar had recently found 20 water tanks kept in front of Vaz's house, following which the tanks were seized and an offence registered by the police against Vaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431113", "title": "Jewellery worth lakhs goes missing from bank locker", "text": "NEW DELHI: Panchsheel Park resident Ambuj Jain was in for a rude shock when he was told by his bank that somebody had accessed his locker. The retired government servant went to the bank to check what was wrong, only to find that jewellery worth several lakhs was missing.Jain and his wife had last operated the locker on December 23. The bank, he said, alerted him on January 3 that something was wrong with it, and even said he probably didn't lock it properly when he operated it last.When Jain went there, he saw the locker door ajar with scratch marks all over it; the locker itself was sealed with tapes. \"My wife and I were in the bank on December 23 and we had ensured that it was locked properly. But if the bank saw some anomaly, why did they wait for 11 days to tell me that? Their version is highly suspicious and untenable,\" the victim told cops in his complaint.Police have registered an FIR. \"We had asked for CCTV footage, but there was none as there were no cameras inside the locker room. We're questioning people in this regard,\" explained a senior police officer.When TOI contacted Jain, he confirmed the incident, but said he wanted law to take its own course. He has owned the locker with the bank since February 2004 and had kept antique jewellery about 50-80 years old. In his complaint, he has estimated losses to the tune of 23 lakh, but also maintained that the value could be higher.Sources, however, said that Jain also told cops that he had lost the key to the locker last year and that the bank had changed the lock and given him a new key.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11435439", "title": "Turning 150, ASI has no conservation policy yet", "text": "BHOPAL: A century and a half since the Archaeological Society of India (ASI) was set up, the country still does not have a heritage conservation policy.Calling for a multidisciplinary approach to heritage conservation, ASI Regional Director (North) PBS Sengar said it was now working on a conservation and management policy. \"There is no conservation policy in the country,\" said Sengar in his speech at the inaugural even marking 150 years of ASI. \"ASI is on course for preparing a heritage conservation policy,\" he added.Currently heritage monuments and sites are regulated by the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958. ASI regulates Antiquities and Art Treasure Act, 1972.In Madhya Pradesh there are 290 monuments under the ASI, while 349 monuments are protected by State department of archaeology. MP has three UNESCO world heritage sites - prehistoric rock shelters at Bhimbetka, Buddhist monuments at Sanchi and the temples at Khajuraho, while group of Monuments at Mandu have made it to the tentative UNESCO list.According to ASI , the process for getting the Bhojpur Temple and Chanderi listed as world heritage sites is under way.In connection with the ASI's sesquicentennial celebrations, its Bhopal circle will hold programmes in schools and colleges, highlighting heritage conservation efforts.ASI Superintending Archaeologist N Taher said, \"Archaeological conservation and preservation is an ongoing process but what we are doing is not enough. Cultural awareness is most crucial. We plan to hold programmes across the year to encourage peoples participation in protection of heritage.\"Bhopal is one of the 24 circles of ASI in the country.\"There has been a shift in ASI activity from research to monument upkeep in the last decade,\" said Taher.Of the over 7,500 monuments in the country, the ASI manages 3,677 that are monitored on the ground by 24 circle offices. State archaeology departments manage the rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11431098", "title": "Jharkhand's interactive session gets jampacked", "text": "JAIPUR: There were queries about almost all sectors as soon as Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda and his team of secretaries started an interactive session with NRIs on the last day of Pravasi Bharatiya Divas here.Having laid the stage with his crisp and much punctuated speech laced with quotes, Munda managed to make a mark with the audience-a full house one. Investment that held promises, the chief minister felt, were mainly in education, skill development, tourism, mining, solar power, and urban infrastructure. And surprisingly, many of the NRIs had queries just from these sectors.\"There are already many industries in Jharkhand but right now what we are looking forward to is concentrating on non-polluting sectors and investments that match at least the national if not the global standards,\" said SK Chaudhary, chief secretary, Jharkhand, opening the interactive session.\"If the government promises me electricity, we can develop the area near Parasnath hills in Deogarh for promoting religious tourism. I am sure that will usher in thousands of tourists,\" felt Ashok Motwani, an advisor to the government of Mauritius .Interests were also evinced in setting up a university for specialised courses for developing human skills, to which Chaudhary clarified that the state was in the process of finalising a private universities bill. \"Currently, legislations are being passed for each private university. We are looking at this sector to put in a social touch rather than just be in there for business. We would like that whosoever sets up an education institute there, gives preference to STs and SCs and provide subsidy to them. People in Jharkhand are not very affluent and a steep fee structure can be a deterrence,\" he said.A French entrepreneur sought potentials in the state for processing exotic fruits - Litchi, Passion Fruits, pineapple etc while another showed interest in setting up solar power projects. Another NRI proposed for a bio-technology campus in the state and was promptly directed to the agriculture secretary. \"We have a Birsa Munda Institute of Agriculture Research, you can get in touch with them and they have plenty of land for your requirement,\" Chaudhary said.Proposals were also mooted for the creation of a Jharkhand Advisory Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11430883", "title": "Ralegan Siddhi sarpanch plans to contest civic poll on NCP ticket", "text": "Jaisingh Mapari, sarpanch of social crusader Anna Hazare's native place Ralegan Siddhi, plans to contest the Zilla Parishad election scheduled on February 7 on a Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) ticket. Mapari announced this in the village on Monday. Hazare has time and again spoken against NCP president Sharad Pawar for \"shielding corrupt ministers\". He had also opposed Pawar's inclusion in the joint committee of civil society members and government representatives to prepare a draft of the Lokpal bill after Hazare's fast in April last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11429568", "title": "Kanta Parate's removal draws flak", "text": "NAGPUR: The removal of Kanta Parate from the post of city women's wing president of the Congress last week has drawn flak from a section of the party led by Kalpana Fulbandhe, former general secretary of the state Mahila Congress.Fulbandhe has questioned the rationale behind replacing Parate with Aabha Pande and said that the move coming just before the NMC polls would severely affect the party. \"Parate represented the Halba community which has a sizeable vote. The community as well as Marathi women would not take this change favourably,\" said Fulbandhe at a press conference.\"Aabha Pande, was already general secretary of the district Congress committee, her new assignment goes against the one-person-one post concept of party president Sonia Gandhi ,\" said Fulbandhe. Accusing a senior party leader of the city of unfairly favouring Pande, she said that even in 2000 Pande was given ticket from Maskasath ward sidelining the claims of other senior aspirants. She was similarly made the civic standing committee chief though more senior candidates were available, said Fulbandhe.Meanwhile, Parate rushed to Mumbai and met MPCC president Manikrao Thakre and others to protest against her unceremonious removal. There is widespread discontent over appointment of Pande as she, like president of the city Congress president, is non-Marathi speaking. Fulbandhe has urged the party leadership to reconsider decision of replacing Parate with Pande and said any change could be considered after the civic elections.On Saturday protesting against the removal of Parate, around 100 women activists gheraoed Congress minister Nitin Raut and city Congress chief Jaipkarash Gupta at Devadia Bhavan in Mahal. The protesters urged Raut and Gupta to reconsider the removal of Parate from the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430749", "title": "Airport to improve facilities for the disabled", "text": "CHENNAI: Airports Authority of India (AAI) is planning to demarcate an alighting point for disabled passengers at the international departure terminal.The decision was taken after airport officials received suggestions from travel agents federation of India (Tafi) to improve facilities for disabled travellers and senior citizens. Travel agents told airport officials that passengers had to wait nearly an hour to get wheelchairs to board flights.\"A separate alighting point will be marked outside the international terminal for wheelchair users to alight from cars. We will get space once work in front of the terminal is completed,\" said airport director E P Hareendranathan.The new domestic and international terminals that are under construction will be disabled-friendly but airport officials plan to make temporary arrangements at the existing terminals too.Tafi donated five wheelchairs to Chennai airport as part of its social welfare initiative to donate 25 wheelchairs to major airports. \"We decided to provide wheelchairs because passengers have been complaining about the long wait for a wheelchair during peak hours,\" said Basheer Ahemed chairman of the corporate social responsibility wing of Tafi.\"Airports abroad have separate alighting points for disabled passengers. We have asked airport officials to do the same here and arrange special seats inside the terminals,\" said Ahemed.It is the responsibility of airlines to provide wheelchairs because new security regulations prevent travellers from using their own wheelchairs inside the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430663", "title": "Work on solar energy: Kalam to scientists", "text": "CHENNAI: Former President A P J Abdul Kalam on Monday urged scientists to do research on nano-energy for transmission of energy from prospective space-based solar plants.At the 20th National Laser Symposium at Anna University here, Kalam said: \"The sun radiates about 10 trillion times the energy that humans consume worldwide. If we are able to extract a small portion of this energy, it would be sufficient to secure energy demands of our future.\" He said a space-based solar plant would have several advantages over earth-based ones and be more efficient. Earth-based panels absorb solar energy only for six to eight hours whereas a space-based solar power project would collect energy round the clock, he said.He said three focus areas in space-based solar plants are the plant itself, earth-based collection system and medium of transmission. One method for energy transmission is through nano-energy packs that would store energy and deliver power when brought back to earth .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11432671", "title": "Hospitals grappling with staff shortage", "text": "KANPUR: The death of a woman at UHM Hospital on Sunday brought into focus the loopholes in the functioning of the district hospitals. The hospitals are facing shortage of doctors and paramedical staff, which is hampering the smooth functioning.The is shortage of doctors, paramedical staff like nurses, ayas, pharmacists, technicians and wardboys, which is affecting the functioning in the medical hubs like Ursula Horsman Hospital and Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital. Even the recently opened Manyawar Kashiram Combined Hospital And Trauma Centre (MKCHTC) at Ramadevi is facing staff crunch.According to sources, most of the sanctioned posts of doctors and paramedical staff are vacant. In many cases, the sanctioned posts are too less in comparison to the workload.The failure of state health authorities to renew the annual agreement of various contractual doctors and paramedical staff has affected the functioning of the hospitals.MKCHTC, KPM Hospital and all CHCs and PHCs are facing shortage of medical staff. UHM and LLR are worse hit. The LLR Hospital has only 50 per cent doctors, working against a sanctioned strength of more than 100. Pathological laboratories and blood banks no longer offer 24-hour services. Even the class IV employees are less.\"We had nearly 500 sweepers in as many as eight units which includes LLR Hospital, Child Hospital, Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jachcha Baccha Hospital, Divisional Psychological Center, emergency, ICU, OPD and medicine department. As per Medical Council of India's ( MCI ) norms, we must have 1000 class IV employees. Also, the sanctioned posts for nurses is just 175 while we require more than 1000. The imbalance is affecting the work,' said Dr Anita Soni, senior consultant, LLR Hospital.She added that the posts were sanctioned 50 years back when the LLR was having five departments with more than 50 per cent lesser beds.\"No new posts have not been sanctioned since the past 50 years. We have recently opened 56-bed ICU which requires atleast 70 nurses. We are facing acute shortage of technicians and lab attendants as well,\" she added.LLR requires more than 20 technicians while at present only four are working on the sanctioned posts of seven. In the case of lab technicians where the requirement is 20, only three are working. The sanctioned posts are 7. Same is case with wardboys, nurses and ayas.\"We try to fill the requirements by recruiting nurses and wardboys and security staff on contractual basis but the requirement is high,\" Dr Soni added. Even after several complaints and letters to the authorities, no initiative had been taken in this regard.Work at other district hospitals is affected, with more than 30 per cent posts of doctors lying vacant. Some posts were not filled even after the retirement of the previous staffer.The number of nurses and wardboys at UHM is 34 out of the sanctioned posts of 48. The actual requirement is of more than 60. Similar is in the case with radiologists, pharmacists and class IV employees.\"The hospital is facing acute shortage of doctors and other staffers. The condition will become worse as most of the doctors are retiring this year. It would be difficult to manage the load of patients,\" said Dr AK Nigam, chief medical superintendent of UHM hospital.Dr DP Mishra, chief medical superintendent of Kashiram Sanyukt Chikitsalaya and Trauma Centre said that patients from districts like Unnao and Fatehpur come to the hospital. Even after knowing the urgent requirement of doctors and paramedical staff at MKCHTC, the health authorities are helpless.\"Even after having an attractive building and state-of-art facilities, the doctors will not be able to run MKCHTC smoothly,\" Dr Mishra added.Even the functioning of community health centres (CHCs) and primary health centres (PHCs) is affected with contracts of 'ayush' doctors and pharmacists awaiting clearance.\"Vaccination and national programmes including polio are suffering because of the shortage of doctors and other staff,'' chief medical officer Jai Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11432841", "title": "30 NRIs to take part in kite festival in Bhavnagar", "text": "The Bhavnagar Municipal Corporation (BMC) is organizing an International Kite Festival' on Monday. Mayor Suresh Dhandhaliya said the festival is being organized in the cityin association with the state's tour-ism department. The eve-nt will kick start at 10 am on university ground and energy minister Saurabh Patel will attend it.\"The state government has decided to celebrate Republic Day in Bhavnagar this year. The kite festival is part of the Republic Day celebrations,'' Dhandhaliya said. He said over 30 non-resident Indians (NRIs) and some foreigners will be taking part in the kite festival. \"We are expecting over 100 participants in the international kite festival being held for the first time in Bhavnagar and hope it to be a spectacular event,\" he added. BMC and Bhavnagar district administration have widened the roads, cleared encroachments and launched a cleanliness drive. Every year the state government organizes Independence Day and Republic Day celebrations in different cities of Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11437751", "title": "Supercomputing: Govt sanctions Rs 5k cr to IISc to boost research", "text": "BANGALORE: From No.3 in the world to 140th. That is quite a climbdown for India in supercomputing.An embarrassed ministry of science and technology has now sanctioned a Rs 5,000-crore national supercomputing development project to enhance the nation's supercomputing capacity and bring Indian institutions within the top 100 supercomputing countries in the world. Bangalorebased Indian Institute of Science (IISc) will spearhead the ambitious project.Prof N Balakrishnan, associate director, IISc, and supercomputing project coordinator, said the project is being undertaken with the support of the department of science and technology (DST). \"There is an urgency among scientists and policy-makers that India has fallen behind in supercomputing. India is currently ranked 140th in the world; it was ranked third in 2007.The fall is drastic and alarming and has to be arrested immediately. IISc and DST will work to revive the country's original strength.\"Balakrishnan said Rs 5,000 crore was a good initial investment though larger capacity building will require ten times that amount. \"The spinoff from this investment we are hoping will be an investment of at least Rs 50,000 crore by the industry which will have to play a major part in developing supercomputing capacity.Supercomputing involves capacity building, and not just fabrication and setting up of computers. To build capacity, you need the right technology - we will need range of sensors , plenty of intelligence-related equipment, hardware. This will mean high investment. Once the product is ready, the main product and the peripherals can create business in the country.Industries will employ specialized technology researchers to build technology and equipment. Overall, the IISc-DST project should be a vehicle for growth of technology industry ,\" Balakrishnan explained.IISc senior researchers say two reasons explain the fall of India's supercomputing powers - lack of investment over time and absence of grand national challenges in the computing world like in the 1980s which saw development of the missile and aircraft development programmes.A researcher pointed out: \"There has been a chicken and egg problem in the supercomputing world. Do we have the high resolution data and science in the first place to have super computingcapacity or should we have the capacity first to create the data? To break this deadlock, IISc and DST decided on initiating the supercomputing programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11438167", "title": "Chennai Open Chess: Akshayraj share lead with three others", "text": "CHENNAI: International Master Akshayraj Kore defeated fellow Indian Grandmaster Deepan Chakkravarthy and joined the leaders with 7.5 points after the ninth round of the Chennai Open Grandmaster Chess Tournament at the indoor stadium on Tuesday.Kore joined Aleksandrov Aleksej ( Belarus ), Yu Ruiyuan, Zeng Chongsheng (both China) in the lead. Sharing the second position with seven points were GMs Oleksienko Mikhailo, Kravtsiv Martyn (both Ukraine ), S P Sethuraman (India), Marat Dzhumaev ( Uzbekistan ), Hoang Thanh Trang ( Hungary ) and John Paul Gomez ( Philippines ) among others.A fighting draw against Grandmaster S P Sethuraman on the second board fetched Yu Ruiyuan of China a GM norm. Maharashtra player Shashikant Kutwal, who defeated veteran Grandmaster Dibyendu Barua, also got a norm. Kutwal posted his fourth International Master Norm and now requires to touch the Elo rating of 2400 to get his International Master title confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11423497", "title": "I wasn't born with the perfect measurements: Hrithik", "text": "Hrithik Roshan is celebrating his 38th birthday. After an agonising tryst with a bad back, he's just about got his ideal body back; his dream project Agneepath is a fortnight away. Self-admittedly 63 days ago, he was a broken man.Read excerpts of an interview with one of Bollywood's brightest talents:Happy Birthday; heard your waist measures 29 and a half inches! Thank you, yes I've got my waist back in 62 days flat. And to think that just two months ago I had hit rock bottom mentally. I had a slipped disc and was in anguish. I couldn't lift my arm for a clothes trial. Dad was worried. We thought we'd defer Krrish-3. In self-pity I was gorging on brownies and chocolates. Then something within me said - 'I'm not giving in.' I got one of the finest doctors in the world to examine me and the physiotherapy sessions began. I was in anguish but I told myself if I give up today, I may just give it all up.What did you waist measure then? 36 and half inches! I couldn't zip the Krrish-3 jacket or trousers.What is your current mantra? I don't know whether you can call it a mantra. But the golden word for me is `initiative.' It is all about taking that first step when you are down and out. We are all normal; we're the same. I want everyone out there to know that I wasn't born with the perfect measurements. I had to work towards getting this dream body.Are birthdays special or routine? Oh they are always special. I feel blessed every single day. I am happy that I have some really beautiful people around me. And I thank God each day for giving me the awareness and ability to take control of my life. That's my gift.Is Agneepath making you nervous? I am more excited than nervous. I like Karan Malhotra. He was an AD on Jodhaa Akbar. Here he was the one whose instructions I was following. Agneepath is his vision.Who's more exciting - Kalli ( Priyanka Chopra ) or Chikni ( Katrina Kaif )? Chikni will get you excited, Kalli will make you cry.Aamir Khan and Farhan Akhtar both admire you for going from Guzaarish to Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara; Agneepath to Krrish! Are you flattered? I am humbled. That Aamir and Farhan both hugely successful and creative people should have a kind word for me, makes me happy. I am an adventurer and an explorer. For me doing the same thing over and over again spells doom.Is there anything else you wish to ask God for? Yeah I have a lot of questions for him. I want to keep pushing my potential as a performer and a human being to the optimum. I'm hoping that when I've evolved enough, God will answer the many questions I have in store for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11430104", "title": "Bengal is your dreamland too, CM tells industrialists", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee wooed industrialists and investors with the state's potential and infrastructure plans. Helicopter and small aircraft services were about to be introduced in the districts, the CM said, adding that the new Kolkata airport will be ready by March and the Behala Flying Club was \"functional\".\"There is immense scope for you to invest in Darjeeling. Vast open lands are lying unused. It is up to you to nurture the Hills ,\" she said, adding that a land bank has been created and a policy framed to help investors tide over hurdles. \"We shall take a case by case decision on land. If you are interested, come to us and we promise to cooperate with you. Remember, the government can't do anything alone. Bengal is your dreamland, too. We are pro-industry,\" she argued.Her appeal soon took on a more authoritative tone. \"I have requested you so many times.....,\" said an agitated Mamata. \"Some people are spreading rumours. You do business in the state and Bengal will give whatever it can. There have been financial problems, yes. We started off with a debt of Rs 2,03,000 crore. But we kept all our commitments and have delivered much more than we promised,\" Mamata proclaimed. The meet will now be a regular affair, she later told industrialists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11433707", "title": "181 receive gold medals at Karnatak University convocation", "text": "DHARWAD: Sankeerthana C of PG department of biochemistry with nine gold medals to her kitty stole the limelight at the 62nd annual convocation of Karnatak University here on Monday. The biochemistry department has the maximum donors instituting gold medals.K Sannidhi (Mathematics) and Salihabanu Allibhai (Kannada) bagged seven gold medals each followed by Tejaswini Gangayya B ( (MSc Zoology), Vishwanath Kattimani (MA Political Science) and Kaveri Kachari (MA Journalism) who were richer by six medals each.Wajeeda Mithaigar (BSc Chemistry) and Veena Yashwant (M Lib Sc) bagged five medals each while Chetana Hegde(BEd), Shweta Hegde (LLB), Shashikala Mudigoudar and Shridevi Mulgund (MA English) won four each.B G Nadagouda (M Com), B Archana (LLM), Laxmi Morabad (MA Statistics), Tenpa Dolma (Geography), Baretto Avilla (Microbiology), Shankar Bhat (MSc Physics), Chidambar Takkalaki (Sanskrit) and Shobha Hoolikatti (Philosophy) secured three medals each while Roopa Nayak (BA English), Daneshwari Dalal (BA Kannada), Manjula Hadli(BA Pol Sc), Geeta Shetty (BSc Geology), Kishore Vernekar (MCA) Hanumantappa Magdum (MEd), Trivikram Manuvachari (MSc Geology), Vinayak Kamat (MSc Inorganic Chemistry), Vandana Namannavar (Botany), Shivanand Bhavikatti (Linguistics), Mary Njogu (Economics), Sujata Asode (History), Abidali Salodgi (Urdu) and Nagabhushan Guddadmath (M Music) finished with two medals each.In all, 95 candidates shared 181 gold medals. A total of 40,976 graduates and post graduates were conferred degrees at the convocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11432495", "title": "Fog paralyses running of trains", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With no improvement in foggy conditions, rail traffic continued to remain paralysed on the New Delhi-Howrah route on Monday. Most of the trains were running late by several hours.Train number 14083 Mahananda Express, whose arrival time is 6am, was running late by nine hours. Train number 12502 New Delhi-Howrah Poorvauttar Sampark Kranti Express was also running late by nine hours.Train number 12802 Puroshattam Express was delayed by five hours as it arrived at Allahabad railway junction at 12:20pm while train number 14056 Brahmaputra Mail arrived four hours behind schedule.Train number 12428 New Delhi-Rewa Express arrived four hours behind schedule at 1:55pm while train number 12987 Ajmer-Sealdah was running late by more than three hours.Prayag Raj Express arrived at 11: 40pm, five hours behind schedule. Train number 14164 Sangam Express was delayed by five hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11431434", "title": "Melur municipality imposes ban on plastics", "text": "MADURAI: Environmental protection through banning the use of hazardous plastics is the mantra of most of the local bodies in the region and Melur municipality, which aims at becoming plastic-free, is imposing its ban from March 1 and the erring public would be fined strictly from there onwards according to the chairman, C Saravanan.\"We want to make our municipality an example by imposing the ban in a strict manner and take it all the way,\" said Saravanan. Since the municipality doesn't expect to take the people by surprise, it has undertaken various campaigns through newspaper advertisements, distribution of pamphlets and creating awareness about the hazards of plastics. The municipality, which passed the resolution to this effect recently, feels that the people are ready to abide by the rules, because they have heard about plastic bans in the past.Only, this time, the municipality will take it on in a very serious manner and fines have been already fixed for the various categories. \"Wholesale dealers selling plastics, which are less than 40 micron in thickness will be slapped with a fine of Rs 1000 on the spot, retailers Rs 500 and public carrying or using them will be imposed with a fine of Rs 100,\" according to him.Another very important aspect in the plastic menace is the municipality's move to slap fines on houses, shops and other establishments, which fail to segregate plastic wastes from the others while disposing them. About nine metric tonnes of garbage is collected by this municipality every month, of which about 1.5 metric tonnes is plastics, which could be used for laying plastic roads.\"We have sent a proposal to the government for laying a 2.3-km long road with plastic with expertise from faculty of the Thiagarajar College of Engineering and if the segregation of plastics is done in a proper way, it could go a long way in giving the best roads to our local body,\" he said. Initially, the municipality plans to get the plastic shredded in bigger industries and later will purchase its own equipment like the shredding machines and mixers, Saravanan said.Meanwhile, the Virudhunagar district administration has decided to set up a paper cup and paper bag manufacturing unit in Sivakasi, as a first move to remove plastics from its environment. Forty physically challenged persons have been identified in the district and they would be trained on the making of these products at a training programme to be held from January 11 to 13.The products manufactured by them will be used as an alternative to the hazardous plastic products. The district administration would help the trainees to start their work by providing them with raw materials and also transporting them. Based on the success of the programme, it would be extended to other parts of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431605", "title": "MoD orders probe into land `scam\u2019 in Jodhpur", "text": "NEW DELHI: Already grappling with scams like Adarsh, Sukna, Malad and Srinagar, the defence ministry has now ordered an inquiry into another land scandal in Jodhpur, which revolves around the transfer of 4.84 acres of defence land worth almost Rs 16 crore to a private trust.MoD officials said defence minister A K Antony ordered the probe headed by an additional secretary-rank officer into the case, in which even the names of the senior-most officials of the directorate general of defence estates (DGDE) figures, on Monday.The allegation is that the 4.84-acre defence land, located in the heart of the city, was transferred to a private trust belonging to a royal family of Jodhpur in 2007 without requisite government orders or approvals. The transfer was apparently done on the basis that the plot concerned constituted ``excess land''.``The allegations will be examined...If any wrongdoing is prima facie established by the internal probe, the ministry will order a CBI investigation into the case,'' said an official.This comes shortly after the MoD ordered a CBI inquiry into the alleged land scam involving IAF land in Srinagar after a prima-facie probe found around 70 no-objection certificates (NoCs) were issued to private realtors by defence estates officers during the last four years. Some officials of the DGDE issued these NoCs to private parties to buy over 200 acres of land near high-security military installations in Srinagar.After being rocked by scams like Adarsh, Sukna and Malad, the MoD has been forced to change its policies, which will specify that station military authorities are no longer allowed to directly issue NoCs to private builders.MoD is one of the country's largest landowners with as much as 17.3 lakh acres under its control. Most of the recent scams have revolved around the grant of NoCs to private builders by defence authorities, allowing them to construct buildings on military land or plots adjacent to sensitive bases.A new policy is also in the works about the issue of NOCs in cases where local laws required consultation with station military authorities for construction of buildings adjacent to defence installations. But, where a local law does not require so, no NoC will be issued to private builders directly by the station military authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430514", "title": "Signal failure near Kalyan leads to delays", "text": "MUMBAI: CR services ran 20 minutes late on Monday afternoon due to a signal failure near Kalyan station. A CR spokesperson said signalling system cables near Kalyan had caught fire at 12.07pm.\"The fire was doused and the cables are being replaced,\" he said, adding that four trains between Kalyan and Titwala were cancelled. Services were normal by late evening, sources said. The signal problem led to a delay in CST-bound trains from Kalyan. \"It took me half an hour more to reach CST,\" said a commuter, who regularly travels to her workplace at Nariman Point.CR public relations officer A K Singh said the cause of the fire was being ascertained. \"A high-level inquiry has been instituted and we are taking precautions to ensure such fires don't recur,\" he stated. He said trains in the down direction (Kalyan to Kasara) were mainly hit. -Somit Sen \"The trains in the Up direction were running 15 to 20 minutes late. But this was unavoidable as the signal failure had upset the schedule of trains in the afternoon,'' he added.The CR, however, made repeated announcements over the public announcement systems at all platforms and passengers were informed about the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430971", "title": "One more nabbed in scam, police seize laptop from accused", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Anandnagar police station officials investigating the advanced payment lottery scam unearthed last month arrested one more accused on Sunday.Jayprakash Rawal, 23, is the brother of one of the accused in the case who was arrested earlier. Officials have seized a laptop from his residence in Satellite that is suspected to have data of various citizens that were used to open bank accounts on their names.According to officials, Jayprakash had fled to Rajasthan during the police crackdown recently after the scam was unearthed by media last month. He came to Ahmedabad to meet some of the contacts. As the investigators got information about him, he was apprehended from the residence.\"A student, Jayprakash used to look after databases of the venture. We believe that his laptop contains more information on the victims and citizens whose identities were used to open and operate bank accounts. He came in contact with Darshan Prajapati through his brother Ravi last year after which he started helping the group through his online activities. We believe that he was not directly involved in either calling the probable victims or operating the accounts,\" said M S Sindha, inspector of Anandnagar police station.He said that the laptop has been sent for forensic investigation to Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) on Monday.Earlier, investigators have arrested Darshan Prajapati, 20, a resident of Bopal, on January 4 and Jeetendra Rao, 20, a resident of Akshar Avenue, Anandnagar, and Ravi Rawal, 19, a native of Bhakrota near Jaipur in Rajasthan, on December 28.Talking about the group's modus operandi, Sindha said that Ravi and Jeetendra used to work at a shop near Vishal Tower in Anandnagar from where they procured documents used to open forged bank accounts on names of fictitious persons shown as residents of the locality. \"A shop used to get the electricity and other utility bills for payment for a fee. While we believe that the shop owners might not be directly involved, they let the data be used by the duo. Investigation is on,\" said Sindha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11429736", "title": "Have parking space, buy car", "text": "BANGALORE: A parking policy drafted by the department of urban land transport (DULT) has proposed a host of measures to drive people into the arms of public transport.The policy, which is pending before the BBMP for over two months, mandates that those planning to buy a four-wheeler must produce proof that they have space to park the vehicle.\"The Proof of parking concept, adopted by cities across the globe, will prevent people from parking their cars outside their houses and congesting streets,\" DULT commissioner V Manjula told at a discussion on reducing road congestion in Central College on Monday.She also said that the policy proposes to charge citizens higher, if they park their vehicles on the road.\"On-road parking will be costlier and off-road parking cheaper. This will discourage private-vehicle owners from parking on the road,\" Manjula explained.She also said that if off-road parking was made cheaper, people would make that extra effort to park in the multi-level parking complexes built by BBMP and Traffic and Transit Management Centres (TTMCs) of the BMTC.\"Also, parking for short durations will be charged less, while parking for longer durations will be charged more. The higher parking fee will nudge people to finish their work faster and move their cars out, thereby making room for others in queue,\" she said.The DULT chief said that the parking policy's objective was to make people leave behind their cars at home and take public transport instead.Manjula observed that there should be wider pavements for pedestrians, dedicated cycling racks and bus-priority lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11430385", "title": "Govt to modify rules on captive elephants", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: In a bid to ensure effective maintenance of the 'state animal', the government is gearing up to modify the Kerala Captive Elephant (Management &amp; Maintenance), Rules 2003.The Kerala Forests and Wildlife Department has also drawn up fresh guidelines, at the behest of forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar, for parading elephants during temple festivals.The government will modify the rules as per the study report submitted by a team led by Dr P S Easa, member, steering committee, Project Elephant, ministry of environment and forests, and Dr Sunil Kumar, forest veterinary officer.It was in October last year that we submitted the report recommending modifications in the existing rules. We conducted the study as per the instructions of the forest minister and prepared the report after holding discussions with elephant owners, mahouts, members of temple festival committees and elephant lovers in four districts - Thrissur, Ernakulam, Kottayam and Kollam - from August to September,'' Easa told TOI.Easa, who is also the wildlife scientist of Kerala Forest Research Institute, said they had mainly recommended to the government to change the rules in connection with the transportation of elephants from one place to another. As per the existing rules, to transport an elephant from one district to another, a certificate from the district forest officer concerned is a must. However, during our interaction with elephant owners and mahouts, they spoke about their problems owing to this condition and we felt that they were genuine,'' he said.He also admitted that though it was a team led by him that drafted the Kerala Captive Elephant (Management &amp; Maintenance), Rules 2003, there were many loopholes and shortcomings. We have made new recommendations to modify some rules after considering the opinion of elephant owners, mahouts, festival committee members and elephant lovers. The minister told us that the modifications would come into effect soon,'' Easa said.There exists a communication gap between elephant owners and the forest department. When we interacted with the owners, mahouts and temple committees, the majority of them were unaware of the Kerala Captive Elephant (Management &amp; Maintenance), Rules 2003. So we recommended to the government to conduct awareness classes and special courses for mahouts to create awareness on the rules and guidelines in this regard,'' he said.Chief wildlife warden V Gopinath said that as per the directive of the forest minister, they had fashioned new guidelines for parading elephants during temple festivals. During festival times, it is the revenue department and the animal husbandry department which keep issuing guidelines for parading elephants. However, there will be contradictions in their guidelines. So we have framed fresh guidelines compiling the instructions of the revenue and animal husbandry departments. The guidelines are now under the active consideration of the state government,'' Gopinath said.At the same time, Heritage Animal Task Force (HATF), an animal lovers' forum , on Monday filed complaints with the prime minister, minister for environment, director of Project Elephant and secretary of Animal Welfare Board of India after eight elephants ran amok creating panic in various parts of the state from Sunday noon to midnight. The elephants were brought by the mahouts without proper documents and permission from the authorities concerned. So we have filed complaints demanding strict orders to penalize the temple authorities and elephant owners as per provisions of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 as early as possible, '' said V K Venkitachalam, secretary of HATF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11429558", "title": "Tribals urged to boycott Marathi Sahitya Sammelan", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A tribal organization Adiwasi Sahityajagar Aani Jatan Sansad (ASJAJS) has strongly opposed a tribals-related segment that would feature in the upcoming Akhil Bhartiya Marathi Sahitya Sammelan to be held from February 3 to 5. Founder president of the organization Vinayak Tumram declared that the body would boycott the meet and vowed to pursue other litterateurs of the tribal community for the same.Sardar Patel Memorial Society (Trust) and Sarvodaya Shikshan Mandal is jointly hosting the Marathi Sahitya Sammelan at Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering, Research and Technology (RCERT) here. The tribal body has objected to the symposium on Naxalism, vanishing tribal culture and Marathi literature (Naxalwad, Lope Pavat Challeli Adivasi Sanskruti Aani Marathi Sahitya) scheduled during the sammelan. Addressing a press conference on Monday, Tumram termed the symposium as an attempt to highlight that tribal culture is diminishing and could get extinct.\"Do they mean to suggest that tribals should continue eating forest produce or remain without clothes to preserve their culture? We have conserved our rituals, our deities, our marriage practices etc. and our culture is safe,\" he said. \"There is no downfall in our culture and events such as this symposium are a conspiracy to annihilate our culture from the mainstream,\" Tumram alleged.Tumram said that it is unfortunate that organizers of the Marathi Sahitya Sammelan have not involved any tribal litterateur in symposium on tribal culture. He charged that tribals have always been sidelined and neglected on the platform of Marathi Sahiya Sammelan. Now, this attempt to dig shortcomings in tribal culture, is yet another attack on their culture, he added.He informed that he has been invited to take part in Sahitya Sammelan, but he has decided not participate. \"It is my personal view to refrain from participating in Sahiytya Sammelan. I shall, however, apprise my fellow litterateur in the community about the issue,\" he held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11435272", "title": "Aniruddh is happy with his decision!", "text": "Open appreciation is coming for Aniruddh Dave who is seen as Indu Singh in Playtime Creations Ruk Jana Nahi and the lad is happy with his decision of taking up the show.He says, \"\"I always wanted to work with Hemal Thakkar and Paresh Rawal's production house. They are from theater background like me so it was my ambition to work with them and they have made some hit shows like Laagi Tujh Se Lagan. It's a professional production house and the creative involvement is really inspiring to deliver my best performance\"\". Well in an industry where actor don't value the opportunity there is Aniruddh Dave who is all appreciation for the production house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11434288", "title": "Kirsten Dunst obtains 3-year restraining order", "text": "Kirsten Dunst has obtained a three-year restraining order against her stalker.Jean Christophe Prudhon - a 51-year-old French fan, who is believed to have flown to the US on multiple occasions just to sit outside the home of the 'Marie Antoinette' actress - was issued a temporary order in December.However, today (09.01.12, a Los Angeles judge ruled Prudhon must stay at least 100 yards away from the 29-year-old actress for the next three years, TMZ.com reports.According to legal documents, Kirsten's mother is also protected under the order after he recently contacted her in an attempt to get to the actress.Kirsten has previously claimed Prudhon has sent her dozens of letters - which she has described as \"frightening and harassing\" - tried to call her hundreds of times and even sat outside her home on 10 separate occasions, despite his primary residence being in France.In one of his letters he claimed he had sold his home in France so that he could follow the actress on a permanent basis.He wrote: \"This is not the right/accepted way to do but honesty and directness, I have no other way.\"During the hearing, Kirsten's lawyer Blair Berk praised French legal expert Vincent Toledano for serving Prudhon with the original order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11433838", "title": "Swimming trip goes wrong, 4 children drown", "text": "MANGALORE: Four children, who had gone for a swim in a rivulet at Sudemogaru at Belthangady died when they were drowned in it on Sunday evening.Police identified the victims as Abubakkar Hafeer (11), son of Kabeer and Jamila, Javed Hassan (12), and Jamshed (7), children on Haroon Rashid and Rasheeda, and Sayyed Taseen's son Sayyed Nasir (12). While Hafeer and Jamshed were students of St Mary's English Medium School at Laila, Javeed was student of St Theresa Kannada Medium School and Nasir, student of Government Model Higher Primary School.A case of unnatural death has been registered in Belthangady police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430519", "title": "Gizmos helped connect examinees", "text": "NEW DELHI: The gang which remote-controlled the question paper leak at AIIMS worked with clockwork precision. The members relied heavily on modern gadgets, conducted several dry runs and believed they had a fool-proof strategy in place till the law finally caught up with them. It was a high-profile gang comprising a techie and two others who had completed their masters in business administration. The mastermind was Mohit Choudhry, 23.\"Mohit was putting up at a paying guest accommodation in Greater Noida along with his three aides,\" said DCP (crime) Ashok Chand. And it was in this house that they laid the blueprint for engineering question paper leaks and making a fast buck from medical students. Gang member Kapil Kumar had completed his MBA from Jamia Millia and was planning to pursue his doctorate from JNU in public administration. His partner in crime, Krishan Pratap Singh, holds a masters in public administration and an MBA from IIMT, Meerut. Both were put in charge of field operations. The gang was near complete, except for technical expertise. They found an ace computer programmer in Bhishma Singh, who was working with a private television channel.The gang expanded their network to hunt for clients and demanded a mindboggling Rs 30-40 lakh from those aspiring for admission to MD courses. There are 70,000 aspirants for only 6,000 seats spread across 156 centres in 15 states. This meant they had a clientele ready to fork out a fortune. The gang rented a flat in Alpha II sector of Greater Noida and set up computers and even tested their gizmos, including the high-end mobile phones.They even hired an inverter just for Sunday - the day of the exam, apprehensive of the erractic power supply in Uttar Pradesh. They bought Van Huesen shirts and hired a tailor to stitch bluetooths on the collars. Police have recovered six shirts and this indicates that at least six doctors may have been their customers. \"Mohit was not sure that just one person inside the exam hall would be able to transfer all questions through email to their Greater Noida scam hub. Hence they decided to use the services of two persons. Actually, the decision seemed correct as images from one of the cameras appeared hazy while the other seemed to click the questions clearly,'' said Sanjay Bhatia, additional DCP (crime). And kingpin Mohit sat at the control room in Greater Noida trying to crack the questions as swiftly as possible.Kapil and Krishan used forged registration numbers of doctors to get the admit card. On D-day, they fixed high-end cellphones to their wrist &amp; captured images of the question paper. Their phones had a special software to automatically transmit photos to a particular email as soon as they were clicked. And this was procured from Nehru Place. There were just four exam centres in Noida and 36 in Delhi. They asked a doctor, Amit Punia, who completed his MBBS from PGI Rohtak to appear from the Noida centre. And it was same centre at Sector 28 that the three men - Kapil and Krishan - landed to help Punia write the answers.\"We have enough evidence which proves the accused carried several dry-runs. They were aware that AIIMS was conducting this test for the first time under Supreme Court orders,'' said an officer. The fact that the AIIMS website has 18 names \"disqualified on the basis of verifications'' but does not mention the name of MBA graduates has led cops to question the role of some AIIMS employees.\"It is bizarre that the exam centres did not check the doctors' registration numbers or frisk them for mobile phones. This suggests involvement of insiders,'' said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11430573", "title": "Boy\u2019s plight warms hospital\u2019s heart", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI highlighted the plight of - the 13-year-old with a heart ailment waiting at AIIMS Metro station shivering on a rain-soaked blanket - help poured in from many quarters, including Fortis Escorts Heart Institute where the boy was admitted on Monday night.Sufiyaan, who had been waiting for treatment at AIIMS since January 1, suffers from rheumatic heart disease that has damaged the valves. He will be treated free of cost, said the hospital spokesperson.Doctors said due to prolonged exposure to cold, Sufiyaan was suffering from severe infection in his heart valves and had high fever. \"He will undergo a valve repair once the infection is under control,\" said Dr Ashok Seth, chief of the cardiac sciences at the hospital. According to Dr S Radhakrishnan, director and head of the department of paediatric and congential heart diseases, said the patient had been put on antibiotic therapy since his hospitalization.Sufiyaan, from Lakhimpur in Uttar Pradesh , was first admitted to Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow. \"I went to several hospitals in the state to seek treatment for my son and finally they referred him to AIIMS. Doctors at AIIMS checked him on Wednesday and asked us to come back again next week because no bed was available. We kept waiting outside the hospital in the cold because we could not afford any accommodation or to go to any other hospital,\" said Mohammad Aasan, Sufiyaan's father, a daily wage labourer.\"We could never imagine being here (at Fortis). Now, I am certain the doctors will save my child's life,\" Aasan said, referring to the facilities at the hopsital.Moved by the family's plight, many readers also emailed TOI, offering monetary support and medical help. \"If there is any way that we can help this family to pay its debt, please let me know. I would like to contribute,\" wrote Sumita Gehrotra, a reader.AIIMS spokesperson Dr Y K Gupta said the hospital was looking into the ways to expand accommodation facilities for the poor.Following the Supreme Court's rap on lack of facilities for poor patients waiting for treatment, the Delhi government also swung into action. Health minister A K Walia said he would speak to AIIMS and Safdarjung Hospital to ensure that enough steps were taken to provide shelter to poor patients. \"We will arrange shelters in nearby areas,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Metro has asked at least 20 other families staying inside the AIIMS station to vacate the premises. \"We cannot allow encroachment,\" said a senior Metro official.Vishma Yadav, a relative of cancer patient Kunti Devi, said they had shifted to the open space near the AIIMS cafeteria. \"Somebody should help us, too. We have been staying out in the cold for more than 20 days. The doctors are not admitting her because they say there is no bed,\" saidYadav.Netizens also responded sharply to the plight of the poor patients. \"This is happening because the state governments have not provided any worthwhile medical facilities to their citizens. Mayawati wasted thousands of crores on her statues but not a single pie for these helpless people from Uttar Pradesh,\" wrote Vicky from Los Angeles , USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11434900", "title": "Two end life on money lenders' harassment", "text": "INDORE: Following continuous harassment on the part of private money lenders, two debt-ridden persons committed suicide in different incidents in the city. Police booked five persons in the cases.According to police, a resident of Vishnupuri main Satveer Singh, son of Hardeep Singh consumed some poisonous substance as he was unable to repay the money borrowed from private money lenders. The police said that the money lenders were pressuring him to repay the money, and have been allegedly harassing him and his family members.Unable to bear the pressure on him from the money lenders, Satveer Singh committed suicide. The cops have registered a case against Gurdeep Singh Saini, a resident of Vishnupur Colony and Pintoo Saluja. In Chandan Nagar area, one Sharad Kumar, son of Narsing Das Acharya was found hanging in his house. During the investigation, cops found that Sharad had borrowed money from money lenders to purchase property.He could not repay it on time following which, the money lenders allegedly harassed him. Unable to withstand the harassment by the money lenders, he ended his life. Police booked three persons namely Hemraj Solanki, Kuldeep Sardar, Pankaj Jain in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11433264", "title": "No forces from Palamu for UP polls", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Forces will not be withdrawn from Palamu for the Uttar Pradesh polls, which will have no impact on the ongoing operations against the Naxalites here, according to superintendent of police A T Mathew.\"We expect some forces of Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP) to be taken out from here for UP polls, but this will not come in the way of anti-Maoist operations here,\" he said here on Monday.However, JAP personnel have been moved out of Jharkhand to Manipur for assembly election in the northeastern states slated to be held in February.\"Palamu division shares its borders with Chandoli and Sonebhadra in UP, where there is a heavy presence of Maoists,\" said the CRPF DIG adding that extremism in these places was on the wane.He, however, said that reserve CRPF contingents had been sent to UP. \"Reserve contingents are those which have not been deployed and if there is no dislocation of deployed troops, there is not much problem. Movement of reserve forces do not make much of a difference.\"Maoists from Palamu and Garhwa often shift to UP, engage in Maoist-related incidents and return. Jharkhand's border with UP is connected through road and rails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431634", "title": "BJP plans OBC-upper caste tango in UP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversy over tainted former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha notwithstanding, BJP on Monday indicated that it would go all out to woo OBC voters in Uttar Pradesh by highlighting the loss to them once minorities are given reservation from their quota.Shedding its initial reluctance over Kushwaha's induction into the party, the BJP top brass appears to have reconciled to the need to win over OBCs along with the upper castes in its bid to get more seats in UP.Speaking at a party programme here, leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, \"Though BJP has always supported reservations as it helps the weaker sections to become strong, it has always opposed reservations on basis of religion. People of different religions, Hindus and Muslims, all figure in the OBC list.\"BJP is open to making further provisions for Most Backward Classes and those who are socially and educationally backward within this quota but reservation for minorities is not acceptable, he added.The Centre had cleared 4.5% reservation for minorities within the 27% quota for OBCs which has antagonised the latter as it will eat into their share.The letter written by Kushwaha, an OBC leader whose community accounts for 3% of the population in UP, to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari asking for suspension of his membership till he is cleared of all charges seems to have ironed out the differences for the time being.\"Other than BJP, no party is ready to speak about this... Constitution does not allow reservation on religious basis. BJP will oppose this throughout the nation. Those whose share is being taken away should be heard,\" Jaitley said.He alleged that while BSP and SP had divided people of UP on caste lines, the Congress-led Centre was dividing them on lines of religion.Aware that minorities are not likely to vote for it, BJP is eyeing the upper caste and non-Yadav OBC voters in UP. The Lodhs, Kushwahas, and Kachhi OBC castes constitute more than 9% of voters in the state. BJP has given tickets to several Lodh candidates and has Uma Bharti as one of its star campaigners from the caste.Jaitley took digs at the Congress for its strained relations with ally TMC and how the party was now looking towards SP and BSP for a future alliance in UP and at the Centre to save its government.\"Some people felt TMC opposed the UPA government on issues of FDI, pension and Lokpal bills and other issues to gain popularity. But when the name of a bhawan (building), named after Indira Gandhi , is changed, it cannot be done to get any popularity for TMC. This is the beginning of the end of a relationship,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11433393", "title": "Sanjay Dutt\u2019s nephew joins Bollywood", "text": "Nilesh Sahay to debut in the official remake of Cliffhanger, the maiden directorial venture of Manish PandyaAd filmmaker Manish Pandya is gearing up for his directorial debut in the Hindi cinema industry with the official remake of the Hollywood blockbuster starring Sylvester Stallone , Cliffhanger. The film that has been titled Burff will star the Indian Rocky Sanjay Dutt's nephew Nilesh Sahay in the lead role. The film will go on floors in the next couple of months.A source close to the project informed Mumbai Mirror, \"The film will be an action adventure set in the snow capped mountains. It has been aptly titled Burff. It is inspired by the 1993 Hollywood blockbuster Cliffhanger and the makers have already spoken to the agents for the rights of the film. Nilesh Sahay will play the male lead in the film. The leading lady is yet to be finalised.\"When contacted, Manish Pandya said, \"The story is basically a rescue drama with high adrenaline stunts against the stark visual landscapes of snow clad mountains. We have signed on Nilesh since we feel that he is the next big action star in Bollywood . He has the right combination of attitude, looks and acting to essay the role. Once we lock the girl, we will be ready to go on floors.\"When asked about remaking Cliffhanger, Pandya said, \"It is not a frame-to-frame remake of the film. But it is surely an inspiration for our project. We want to do everything the right way and our agents are closing the deal for the rights of Cliffhanger.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11433288", "title": "Road blocked, vehicle burned after accident", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Traffic on the busy Mango-Sakchi road on Monday was paralyzed for over three hours owing to a road blockade and violent protests following an accident, in which one person died on the spot and another suffered serious injuries.Police had a tough time pacifying the mob that set fire to the killer SUV and blocked the road in protest against alleged tardy action from the administration. The locals went berserk finding 40-year-old Amarjeet Singh's body in the drain, which according to cops, had been lying since the wee hours. Former chief minister and JMM leader Shibu Soren's convoy was also held in the road blockade for nearly half an hour while on way to the city to appear in the district court in connection with a case related to violation of election code of conduct in 1999 general elections.\"Apparently, people lost their cool on seeing the body with visible injuries,\" said a police sub-inspector, who was on the spot. However, ASP Rajiv Ranjan said, \"Mango police have lodged a case and inquiry into the matter is on.\" He also said in the wee hours of Monday a Pardih-bound car collided with an autorickshaw near Arjun Tower on Mango road, killing the Dimna road resident on the spot and injuring his son, Rajan Singh (20). \"Police had admitted the injured to a hospital immediately but it couldn't found the body and when the angry locals saw the body lying in the drain, it went berserk,\" said the ASP.Police resorted to mild lathicharge to disperse the crowd. No one has been arrested in this case .\"A case of accident has been lodged and an inquiry is on and we are also trying to verify the identity of the vehicle owner,\" said city SP Ajay Linda.Mahendar Kaur suspects that her son-in-law, the lone bread-earner of the family was killed although she didn't furnish any solid reason to corroborate her claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11431042", "title": "CBI's hostile witness plea rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vardharajan Srinivasan, a former Reliance Communication Ltd official and prosecution witness, on Monday identified the signatures of two Reliance-ADAG officials on a March, 2007 letter addressed to HDFC Bank for transfer of over Rs 974 crore from the account of Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd to Reliance Communications Ltd .He, however, said he had not told the CBI earlier that the letter was signed by Dinesh Kulkarni and Vishwas Joshi - both Reliance ADAG officials - and also that it was meant for transferring over Rs 974 crore from the account of Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd to Reliance Communications Ltd.The CBI pleaded before the court to declare him a hostile witness as he allegedly resiled from an earlier statement given to the agency. The plea, however, was rejected by the court.The agency alleged Srinivasan did not stand by his earlier statement that Hari Nair, a 2G scam accused, had instructed him and one of his superiors to submit an account-opening form of Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd to HDFC Bank. Srinivasan, however, is claiming that he never met or spoke to Nair, the agency said.Srinivasan, who now works as assistant vice president (trade and finance) in HDFC Bank and is based in Mumbai, maintained that he had taken the instructions regarding the letter from his superior A V Venkataramani, and accordingly submitted the documents to the bank.The prosecutor reminded Srinivasan that while giving his statement to the CBI when he was shown the letter, he had stated that \"Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd is a group company of Reliance Communications Ltd\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11431170", "title": "TNAU paddy breeding centre turns 100", "text": "COIMBATORE: The centenary of Paddy Breeding Station at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) was commemorated on Monday with an international symposium on rice science and unveiling of statue of K Ramaiah, considered to be father of Rice Breeding in Tamil Nadu. The TNAU paddy breeding station is the first rice research centre in the country.Inaugurating the symposium, Agriculture Minister S Damodaran said the state government would soon initiate a second green revolution, ensuring food for all. Talking on the occasion, he urged scientists to develop quality seeds of hybrid varieties to ensure the second green revolution a success.Dr P Murugesa Bhoopathi, TNAU vice chancellor said that many measures are needed to be taken to achieve higher productivity of rice. \"The country must increase hybrid varieties. China has better rice productivity as they have a higher area under hybrid cultivation. We should introduce drought tolerant varieties\", he said.He said that Paddy breeding station of TNAU had made significant contributions. \"From its establishment in 1912, the Paddy Breeding station released several varieties of rice which transformed the rice cultivation of the state and the country. Recently, the university released the various varieties of 'Anna 4', having an excellent root system capable of drawing more water even under stress conditions,\" added Bhoopathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11429761", "title": "A tale of two democracies", "text": "PANAJI: In the battle between a weak yes uttered by a majority and a strong no asserted by a small group, it seems as if the latter always prevails. Over the last few months we have seen the truth behind this statement several times in Parliament and outside. The Centre cobbles together a plan for some action, in some cases after great and very contentious debate, only to find itself stymied by smaller regional forces, often from its own alleged side. We saw this at work in a spectacular fashion when it came to the Lokpal bill, as we did in the case of the FDI decision and the pension bill. While the decisive role in these cases has often been played Mamata Banerjee; other regional parties too have been equally responsible for striking their own positions based on highly local calculations.Some would attribute this to the nature of the coalition beast. By definition, only limited agreement is possible between parties that may not even have been allies at the time of going to elections (not the case of course with the Congress and the Trinamool), and therefore disagreement on major policy issues might only be expected. We saw this at work in the first UPA government where the Left played a big role in making life very difficult for the government by virtue of its own ideological positions, most notably in the case of the nuclear deal with the US. It was widely expected that this government would be much better off, not being saddled by the creaking and rigidly inflexible ideological apparatus that is still being lugged around by the Left. After all, regional parties were known to have limited interest in larger questions of policy; in most cases if the CBI was not actively pursuing any prominent regional leaders, smaller parties were not expected to get in the way of major policy initiatives. This time around, however, that somewhat tidy division of labour has disappeared.But there is division of labour of another kind. It has become the lot of the national parties to take note of the niceties involved in the democraticprocess and to be seen to be saying and doing the right things while the regional parties seem to have freed themselves from this burden. This was particularly clear in the case of the Lokpal bill; it was apparent that the government was forced at gunpoint to draft the bill. Left to itself, it is extremely unlikely that this would have a priority for any political party. It was forced to do so in the face of sustained pressure brought to bear by the media's showcasing of the anti-corruption movement.And yet, purely in electoral terms, the government could have got away by doing very little. The noteworthy thing about the Anna Hazare-led anti corruption movement was that it was for all practical purposes, electorally insignificant. Whatever Team Anna might think about their ability to influence electoral outcomes, most politicians were unlikely to have spent too many sleepless nights worrying about the prospect of an election campaign carried out by this group. It was a largely urban middle class movement; its intensity was formidable, but in electoral terms, it did not really count for much.It would seem that we have two concurrent democracies running the country---one that is enacted for us on television cameras and the other that actually determines who comes to power. For the television democracy, appearances do matter, although there is great and often misplaced confidence, on both sides, in the ability to argue any case with the help of lawyers. For the electoral democracy, a completely different set of calculations come into play, and this is where the smaller regional parties have an advantage. Unlike the national parties they are under no great compulsion to be seen to be the doing the right thing as deemed by the consumers of television democracy, the audience. Disrupting the house, tearing up bills, taking positions on national policy that are based on narrow political concerns and coming in the way of progressive legislation are actions that carry fewer consequences for these parties. It is not that the national parties are necessarily more progressive in their outlook; it is just that they have no choice but to participate and be seen to be doing a good job in the television version of democracy. It is instructive to think back to the extreme reluctance with which the BJP took action against Yeddyurappa or in its recent dilemma about the induction of tainted BSP leaders in its fold in UP; nothing illustrated the conflict created by having to perform in both versions of democracy better than these instances.For a coalition government to function, it needs to get some leeway for issues of national importance. The inability to move things forward at a national level because of regional political considerations makes governance of any kind extremely difficult.Simultaneously, the ability of state governments to escape scrutiny of the kind that the Centre is subject to, partly owing to the fact that today leadership is much stronger at a regional level, allows them a freer hand to do what they wish to with the democratic institutions under their control. This presents a significant challenge for the national media too, which arrogates to itself the power to make or break governments. What we are seeing is the appropriation of effective power by groups that do not have either this mandate or accountability and the lack of a mechanism that can act as a counterweight to this phenomenon.Of the two democracies in operation, one gets too much scrutiny and debate but eventually seems to not matter much while the other gets its own way simply by saying no.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11430435", "title": "Anti-garbage dumping committee calls hartal in 3 panchayats", "text": "KOCHI: The anti-garbage dumping committee has declared a hartal in Kunnathunad, Vadaukode and Puthencruz panchayats on Tuesday. The protesters' demand is that the high court order allowing the corporation to dump waste from other parts of the district near the Brahmapuram waste treatment plant should be revised.The agitators will take out a protest march to the high court on Tuesday morning. Abdul Basheer, general convenor of the committee, said that about 70 loads of garbage had been dumped at Brahmapuram which was already polluting wells other water sources next to it. \"If garbage from other municipalities and panchayats are dumped here the situation will get worse and will trigger various health issues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11430287", "title": "3 retract statements in Dey case", "text": "MUMBAI: Three of the accused in the J Dey murder case have retracted their confessional statements.While advocates for the accused believe this could be a jolt for the prosecution, the police denied it. In July last year, three of the 11 accused had given confessional statements before the magistrate admitting to their role in the case. \"We knew they would retract the statements later. The case will go against them. Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab had also confessed his statement and retracted it later,\" said a senior police officer.The three are Arun Dhake, Deepak Sasodia and Joseph Paulson. All the three accused had confessed to their respective roles in the crime hoping for milder punishment.Sources said as one of them was threatened in Arthur Road jail by a co-accused, he withdrew his statement. Investigating officer Ramesh Mahale said, \"We haven't got any information about threats.\"NCP activist Paulson is accused of providing the 10 global SIM cards to the shooters at behest of Rajan to kill Dey. The other accused is Dhake who drove the bike on which the main shooter, Satish Tangappa alias Kalia, was riding pillion. Sasodia from Nainital arranged and supplied weapons to Satish Kalia on behalf of Chhota Rajan.Sources said that Dhake in his confessional statement has stated that he drove the bike at Kalia's behest from his house in Amrut Nagar till Hiranandani gardens in Powai where Kalia fired at Dey. Dhake's statement is an important piece of evidence to nail Kalia. Kalia is an important accused in the entire conspiracy as it was he who along with Rajan hatched the conspiracy.The police are awaiting the Forensic Science Laboratory reports of co-accused Jigna Vora's seven mobiles and a laptop to retrieve details.The state FSL have failed to retrieve the mobile phone's details stating technical problems.Dey was shot dead on June 11 at Hiranandani gardens at Powai. Police arrested 11 persons including Chembur-based builder Vinod Asrani. Vora is accused of instigating Rajan but also passing on Dey's motorcycle number, his address and other details through email.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11436793", "title": "Prime Minister Gilani not an honest man: Pakistan Supreme Court", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani is not an honest man as he had not lived up to his constitutional oath, Pakistan's Supreme Court said on Tuesday, as it warned of action against him for failing to act on an order to reopen graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .Piling pressure on PPP-led beleaguered government, a five-judge bench, which had taken up the issue of implementing the apex court's verdict striking down a graft amnesty that benefited Zardari, said in its order that Gilani was not an \"honourable man\" as he had not lived up to his constitutional oath.The premier had shown loyalty to his political party rather than the Constitution, the bench said.\"Prima facie, the Prime Minister is not an honest man and violated his oath,\" the bench said in its order.The bench contended that the Pakistan People's Party-led government's refusal to write a letter to Swiss authorities to reopen cases of alleged money laundering against Zardari went against the Constitution and the Quran.The bench listed six options for the government, including action against the premier for contempt of court and declaring Gilani ineligible to be a member of parliament for five years ? and referred the case to Chief Justice Iftikhar Gilani. The bench recommended that the Chief Justice form a larger bench to hear the matter on January 16.The bench asked Attorney General Anwar-ul-Haq to ascertain the government's views before the next hearing.It also summoned the Attorney General, the Law Secretary and the chairman of the National Accountability Bureau to appear before the apex court at the next hearing.The apex court struck down the National Reconciliation Ordinance, a graft amnesty issued by former President Pervez Musharraf that benefited Zardari and over 8,000 others in 2009.Since then, the court has been pressuring the government to write to Swiss authorities to reopen the money laundering cases against Zardari.The five-judge bench headed by Justice Asif Saeed Khosa had earlier set January 10 as the deadline for the government to implement the apex court's order on the NRO.The government has refused to act on the court's orders, saying the President enjoys immunity from prosecution under the Constitution.During an interview last week, Zardari made it clear that the government would not approach the Swiss authorities as long as he was in office.The confrontation between the PPP and the judiciary over the NRO comes at a time when the Supreme Court is pressuring the government over an alleged memo that had sought US help to stave off a feared military coup in Pakistan last year.Despite the government's objections, the court formed a judicial commission to investigate the Memogate scandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11430714", "title": "Nakkeeran editor moves court for protection", "text": "CHENNAI: Claiming that there was a 'running hostility between the AIADMK and 'Nakkeeran', a Tamil bi-weekly, its editor has approached the Madras High Court with an omnibus prayer of protection for himself, his family members, employees and sales agents throughout Tamil Nadu.A mention on behalf of Nakkeeran editor RR Gopal was made before the first bench comprising chief justice M Y Eqbal and justice K B K Vasuki on Monday and counsel was permitted to move a lunch motion. However, as the matter could not be readied for hearing, the bench said it would be taken up on Tuesday.In his writ petition, which did not mention anything about the controversial cover story on chief minister Jayalalithaa, Gopal said his office at Royapettah came under sudden attack at the instigation of three AIADMK functionaries, including two MLAs. He said that though a complaint was lodged with the D-4 Zam Bazaar police nothing was done to stop the violence.Apprehending danger to himself and his employees, Gopal wanted the court to grant an interim injunction restraining the AIADMK functionaries and their men from 'indulging in any violent reactionary activities against himself and his properties. He also wanted the court to issue appropriate directions to police for an effective protection.Meanwhile, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan informed the first bench that the magazine had published the article despite an injunction restraining it from publishing anything about Jayalalithaa without giving her enough time to send in her version too.During lunch recess, a group of AIADMK lawyers led by party advocate S Divakar held a dharna outside the court premises and burnt an effigy of Gopal. Traffic on NSC Bose Road was disrupted for about half an hour. Gopal also filed an anticipatory bail petition in the high court, apprehending arrest in the case registered by the Zam Bazaar police against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11429992", "title": "GJM wants ST status for Gorkhas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) on Monday demanded Scheduled Tribe status for all Gorkhas living in Darjeeling Hills area, recruitment of Gorkhas in central armed police forces and immediate release of central funds promised for the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA).These demands were placed by the GJM at a tripartite meeting here with the central and West Bengal governments.\"We want that Gorkhas living in Darjeeling should be given ST status,\" GJM general secretary Roshan Giri said after the meeting.He said detailed plan estimates worth Rs 93 crore for carrying out development works was submitted to the central government and a representation was given to release the funds at the earliest.The money is part of the Rs 200 crore package the Centre announced for the development of Darjeeling Hills and its adjoining areas. A tripartite draft memorandum of agreement on Darjeeling was signed in July for creation of the new hill council GTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11430327", "title": "Gambling den raided, seven held", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths raided a gambling den and apprehended seven persons at Chilakalguda on Monday.Acting on a tip-off, police raided a house where a card game was going on.Following the raid, police apprehended seven persons, including organiser T Mallikarjun and gamblers, K Thirupathi, W Kishore Kumar and N Santosh Kumar of Chilkalguda, S Peanty of Gandhi Nagar, M Narsing Goud of Lower Tank Bund and A Sudhaker of Amberpet. Police seized Rs 1.35 lakh in cash from their possession.The arrested persons along with the seized money were handed over to the Chilkalguda police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11431154", "title": "China softens tone as India confirms visit", "text": "BEIJING: The Chinese foreign ministry has responded to India's decision to send a military delegation to China with a promise to \"make concerted efforts\" to improve relations in 2012. New Delhi's decision to send the military delegation had caused some surprise after Beijing refused visa to a military officer born in Arunachal Pradesh to reinforce its ownership claim over the region.\"China hopes that the two sides will support each other and learn from each other, so as to push for better and faster development of the Sino-Indian strategic,\" said China's assistant foreign minister Liu Zhenmin said on Monday.Liu's approach towards India is very different from the one displayed by the Communist Party-run Global Times , which recently said that the Indian Ministry of External Affairs was \"full of narrow nationalism\". It blamed India for \"hyping up\" a trade dispute in which two Indian traders being detained in the southern city of Yiwu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11429675", "title": "Illegal barrage made by Adani collapses in Dec rains", "text": "GONDIA: An illegal barrage made by Adani Thermal Power Plant on river Wainganga near village Kawalewada was swept away due to flooding caused by rains on December 31. The resulting debris has damaged machinery and works completed by Soma Construction Company on a barrage being built down river for the Dhapewada Lift Irrigation Project (DLIP).Even as Adani officials said they had written to the administration regarding the barrage, the collector and tehsildar have said that Adani had not taken any permission to build a barrage on the river.In fact, provision of 90 million metric cube (MMC) of water has been made for Adani Thermal Power Plant in DLIP Phase-II. However, Adani was apparently erecting its own barrage without permission. Following the rains on December 31, the Adani barrage collapsed, damaging the infrastructure of Soma Construction Company, which is constructing a similar structure for DLIP.Officials of Soma said this has also delayed their work by about a fortnight, since the debris of the Adani barrage has buried their works. Sources said that this had also resulted in loss of rabi crop along the bank of the river and damaged infrastructure of sand mining contractors.When DLIP was planned, there was no provision of water for Adani Thermal Power Plant. So, Adani should have been asked to make its own water supply arrangement. However, efforts by union minister Praful Patel resulted in sanction of quota for Adani through DLIP.Despite this, Adani management apparently decided to erect its own barrage adjacent to the existing one for DLIP, on the upper side of the basin. Locals say that if it had been completed to its proposed height, the Adani barrage would not only have damaged crops on the banks but probably created problems for the barrage being constructed by Soma.Adani had also been accused of constructing a similar sand barrage last summer, which was washed away in the rains. The sand had entered the pumps of DLIP and farmers had been deprived of water when their wanted it the most.Vice president of Adani Thermal Power Plant, Tiroda, Omprakash Bhardwaj said the company only required permission from the irrigation department for construction of a barrage. He added that the company has also \"written to the Gondia collector regarding permission for this barrage\".Irrigation department subdivisional engineer (Tiroda), responsible for DLIP, Dilip Jawade too said permission is required for such a construction. He did not know if Adani applied for, or been granted, such a permission.Resident collector of Gondia NKP Rao and deputy collector (rehabilitation) CH Parate said they had not given permission for any such structure.Although the December 31 rains were quite moderate here, it rained heavily in the river's catchment area in Madhya Pradesh, resulting in good force of water in the Wainganga. This damaged Adani's barrage and the sudden release of water damaged the machinery of Soma Company.There were also reports that the swollen river damaged rabi crop in Tumsar tehsil. Also damaged was the summer plantation of melon, which is a major crop in the basin of the river. In addition, metal contractors who excavate sand also complained that they have suffered heavy losses due to this.Interestingly, naib tehsildar in charge of Tiroda tehsil VR Kokwar initially said he was completely unaware of the entire incident, but later could not be contacted for a comment. If there was no permission for this structure on the river, Kokwar would be responsible for stopping it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11430861", "title": "Govt reply on SPP appointment fails to satisfy HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday expressed its dissatisfaction over the state government's affidavit saying that the file about formation of policy to appoint special public prosecutors (SPPs) is not traceable.The process to form a policy for appointing SPP in special cases was initiated following HC directive way back in 1971. The state government told the court that the file had gone missing and what happened to the process initiated later could not be known. The affidavit filed by the legal department also sought apology from HC for not following court directive.However, justice M R Shah was not satisfied with the content of the affidavit and orally observed that the issue of framing policy has nothing to do with the file. It is up to the government to go ahead with formation of a policy as per HC directions. Dissatisfied with the content of the affidavit, justice Shah asked the government to file another affidavit by Tuesday making it clear what time will it take to form the policy to govern appointments of distinguished lawyers in cases by paying special fees.The issue came up before the court when senior counsel Prakash Thakkar filed a petition on behalf of one Madhabhai Asar questioning appointment of SPP in a murder case in Jamnagar. It was contended that SPP was appointed in the case as per provisions of criminal procedure code on payment of higher fees by the government because the complainant in the case had political clout.Advocate Thakkar argued that other states have a policy in place governing appointment of SPPs, clearly setting guideline in which cases the government should make higher payment towards advocate's fee. Though the high court had asked Gujarat government to come up with such a policy four decades ago by fixing criteria to extend the facility of SPPs, no heed was paid to that.Following this argument, HC asked the government to state what action was taken to implement the 1971 order. The affidavit filed on Monday failed to satisfy the court, and further proceeding has now been kept on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11433261", "title": "Students protest at Ranchi university", "text": "RANCHI: Over a hundred students of vocational courses, who were declared unsuccessful in the subsidiary papers of Part I examination, gheraoed the administrative block of Ranchi University on Monday. The students were of IT, BCA and BBA courses of various RU-affiliated colleges.\"Only 6% of the students who appeared in the examination passed. Even the toppers of the main papers were declared unsuccessful in the subsidiary paper, which seems impossible,\" said Aarti of Ranchi Women's College.Another student, Jyoti Pandey of IT department of the college, said, \"I got 80% in honours paper but the marks for my subsidiary paper were not even displayed and I was declared failed. If I don't clear the paper this year then one whole year would be wasted.\"The students also complained that the result was announced very late. \"The result should have come out within 45 days of the examination, but it was announced after six months and that, too, with so many flaws,\" said Roshan of Gossner College.Another student of Gossner College, Rahul Singh said, \"It is not possible that none of the students in Ranchi study, we are not fools. If there was semester system in UG then at least we would have got another chance, but now there is no other option.\"The students demanded revaluation of their papers. Jyoti said, \"We want our papers to be re-evaluated in front of us otherwise they will again declare us unsuccessful.\"Acting VC V P Sharan said, \"I have asked the examination centre to make a list of students who appeared in the exam and of those who failed. After I go through the list I'll ask the examination department to re-evaluate the copies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-10"}
