{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395535", "title": "CIL changes way of measuring coal quality", "text": "NAGPUR: Mining public sector undertaking Coal India Limited (CIL), which has shifted to a new method of calculating calorific value of coal, expects to register higher revenue due to it. CIL, which has city-based Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) as it flagship subsidiary, from this month onwards has shifted to gross calorific value (GCV) method of determining the quality of coal, instead of the useful heat value (UHV) method used earlier.With this, some of the key grades of coal mined by the company will now come under the higher quality bracket, fetching a higher rate. Calorific value is a measure of amount of heat generated by the coal. UHV measures the net value, which means the ash and moisture content in the fuel is deducted.However, the GCV method is much simpler as it name suggests, since there are no deductions, it only measures the heat generated on burning the coal. Even as the move is expected to leave the industries fuming, CIL says that it is an internationally accepted method. The company's turnover while selling the same quantity of coal is expected to increase due to this method.\"In layman's terms, UHV measures the net value while GCV takes into consideration the gross heat generated. Naturally, gross is always more than net,\" said the source.CIL had to make a substantial provisioning of funds for wage revision and payment of performance related pay to executives this year. Coal production too was hit due to various reasons, apart from environmental restrictions. The revision is expected to compensate this loss to a certain extent.Given the type of coal available in WCL, as well as CIL in general, a 25 to 40% hike in revenue is estimated with the revision in rates due to the shift in methodology of measuring the calorific value, said a source in this company.WCL, which has mainly E grade quality of coal, earlier pegged its calorific value in the range of 3,360 to 4,200 kilocalorie/kg. The value of the same grade now comes in two ranges of 4,300 to 4,600, and 4,600 to 4,900.With old calculations, the coal fetched Rs 630-880 a ton for power utilities, fertilizer and defence sector, and Rs 990-1,010 for other industries. This figure will now jump to Rs 880-1,680 for power, defence and fertilizer sectors, and Rs 1,320-2,230 for other industries.Earlier, the range of calorific value as against the price was wider, to include a higher number of grades in a price band. CIL will be under pressure to produce better grade of coal to get a favourable rate, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11397914", "title": "'Sex' doctor Prakash acquitted in cheating case", "text": "CHENNAI: Dr L Prakash, currently serving a life sentence following conviction of cyber pornography, was today acquitted in a cheating case by a city magistrate.Chief Metropolitan Magistrate R Killivalavan, concluding that the charges against Prakash and another person C K Kothari had not been proved beyond all reasonable doubt, absolved them of the charges.The duo were charged with cheating youth by enticing them to study a course at a private firm on the assurance that after completing the course, they would be given employment abroad.The two, who allegedly had not provided a proper course or job opportunities, were charged with cheating and criminal intimidation by the Central Crime Branch.A Fast Track Court in 2008 had sentenced Prakash to life imprisonment for offences under the Information Technology Act, Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act and Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act for uploading obscene pictures of women on internet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396244", "title": "Realty around Thol hits green hurdle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A green hurdle seems to have hit construction activity around Thol lake. The Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (Auda), which gives clearance for development in the vicinity of the lake has issued a diktat that is likely to hinder construction activity within the 10-km radius of Thol.Auda's orders follow a state government's general resolution (GR) issued last month regarding construction activity around eco-sensitive zones.The Supreme Court had in 2002 issued an order directing state governments to identify eco sensitive zones in their respective regions and stall all non-forest activity in these areas. As per the new resolution, all construction and development activity within the 10-km radius of an eco-sensitive zone - an animal or bird sanctuary or wetland - could be carried out only after clearance from Standing Committee of National Board for Wildlife.The resolution will hit development in more than 70 villages around Thol where around Rs 30,000-crore worth of projects have been launched in the last five years.\"We respect the Supreme Court directives to preserve wildlife sanctuaries. But, we would like the government to simplify land acquisition and environmental clearance procedures. Else, development would suffer,\" says Jaxay Shah, vice-president, Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (Credai).However, there seems to be ambiguity as to which state government agency will monitor illegal construction. When contacted senior Auda officials said that clarity on the issue will come only after consultations with concerned state government departments.The new resolution says developers who had taken permission for construction and development activity after 2008 will have to once again apply for permission with the union environment ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399426", "title": "Reality check for Anuja Iyer", "text": "Actress Anuja Iyer is gearing up for the release of her next Tamil film, titled Vinmeengal, in which she's playing an author.Says an excited Anuja, \"The film is very realistic and true to life. I play a writer who is chronicling the life history of the physicallychallenged protagonist. There is no melodrama or cliched scenes in the film and director Vignesh was clear from the beginning that none of us would prepare for our roles. We just had to follow his vision. I decided to sign the movie purely based on the script and the way my character was moulded.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396222", "title": "DRI seizes 10 chemical containers of city firm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials has seized 10 containers of a city-based chemical company for alleged misdeclaration of contents inside. DRI officials had received information that the company has been importing Diethyl Thiophosphoryl Chloride (DETCL) from China but falsify records to show it was Diethylenetriamine (Deta).Sources said that the company has been caught on wrong foot as to evade the heavy anti-dumping duty on DETCL, which is an intermediate used for manufacturing pesticides, the consignments were declared as that of Deta.\"The government had in 2009 introduced an anti-dumping duty of around Rs 30 per kilogram of DETCL. The city-based company has accepted the misdeclaration charges and has already paid Rs 1.25 crore evaded duty on the consignments which weighs around 200 tonnes. However, DRI suspects that the firm actually carried out imports for a chemical manufacturing giant,\" sources said.Sources said that DRI has already raided the chemical manufacturing company's office in Ahmedabad and manufacturing unit in Ankleshwar.\"The duty evasion runs into crores as the department suspects that the firm has been for more than a year importing the chemical from China and misdeclaring the contents,\" said a DRI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11394568", "title": "EC team recovers Rs 43 lakh cash from six persons", "text": "NOIDA: A surveillance team of the Election Commission recovered Rs 43 lakh in cash from six persons. The said persons have been detained by the police.In one case, three persons, Rajinder, Devjyoti Mukherjee and Rupesh, were detained for carrying Rs 22.5 lakh, while another three persons were detained for carrying Rs 20.5 lakh in cash.The ADM (Finance) Sarvjeet Ram said that after verifying the cash with the income tax department, it would be returned to the six persons. \"However, action would be taken if anyone is found guilty,\" Ram added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394210", "title": "India should emulate Beijing: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram on Friday said there was no reason to envy China and New Delhi should rather try to \"emulate\" Beijing in carrying out development works. \"We should not fear competition from China. There is no reason to envy China. If at all, we should try to emulate China,\" he said.Addressing the 7th Northeast Business Summit, the home minister pointed out that trade between India and China was booming and China had become India's largest single trading partner.Stating that China, a competitor, challenged India to compete on equal terms, Chidambaram said if China could build world class roads, India should be able to build world class roads and if they could build world class railway lines, right up to Tibet , India should be able to do so across the northeastern states. \"And that is how it will be, it should be,\" he said.The home minister's statement came amid a controversy over the detention and subsequent release of Indian businessmen in Yiwu, China, following a business dispute.Chidambaram said India had cordial relations with the three neighbouring countries - Bangladesh , Myanmar and China - which had borders in the northeast.\"Today, we have Bangladesh, with whom we have the best of relations and Myanmar with whom we hope to have very good relations in the short term,\" he said.Urging Indian businessmen to look at the potential of the northeast, the home minister said, \"Seize the opportunities of the northeast, grow businesses and help these states to grow along with the rest of India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11393974", "title": "MCD proposal to name road after Sachin scrapped", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much-hyped proposal to rename a road after legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar was dropped from the list of proposals placed before the naming committee of MCD on Friday.According to Delhi mayor Rajni Abbi, the proposal was dropped as it didn't specify the road which was to be renamed after Tendulkar. Abbi blamed Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit for twisting facts to gain political mileage. On Friday, the naming committee of MCD rejected 150-odd naming proposals.\"The chief minister didn't understand the issue properly. We had never said we were thinking of renaming the main Chandni Chowk after Sachin Tendular. She should have read the newspapers properly or checked with us before making any statement. The proposal didn't specify the stretch which was to be renamed. Therefore, it was dropped from the list of proposals placed before the naming committee,'' said Abbi.The ruling BJP at MCD has decided to re-evaluate all the naming proposals. \"We have now decided that roads, parks, community halls, etc will be named after only eminent personalities. It has been seen that there was an increase in the number of proposals from representatives of political parties to name the road after their family members. We have decided to put and end to this trend,\" said Abbi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11396150", "title": "Other hospitals chip in for rescue", "text": "Minutes after the UPS batteries stored in the basement exploded, smoke detectors sounded the alarm. Hospital security staff rushed to the basement to put out the fire but the billowing smoke was too thick and moving rapidly to the first floor. Once they realized it would not be possible to contain the smoke, evacuation plans were executed.The first call was made to the fire and emergency department by administrative staffer Srilakshmi at 3.13pm. Two fire tenders rush to the spot from Hebbal fire station. Officers said there was no fire when they reached the spot but there were clouds of smoke. \"We didn't have to do much firefighting. The blast had burnt the batteries and that caused the smoke which was sucked into the central air-conditioning system. We had to create space for the fumes to escape, for which we broke some windows and glass panels of the hospital,\" said NU Erappa, chief fire officer (west) said.Hospital staff called all hospitals in the area for back-up during the evacuation. More than 50 ambulances rushed to the incident spot as did several vehicles of the 108 emergency services. From both floors, patients were brought down as were equipment and medication for patients in the intensive care unit, labour room and those who had just finished surgeries. By 3.20pm all 79 patients and around 150 medical staff in the hospital were moved out without a scratch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11396308", "title": "Encroachers evicted from Kharguli hills", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup (Metro) district administration on Friday carried out a massive eviction drive at Kharghuli hills in Guwahati. This came as a result of chief minster Tarun Gogoi's announcement of taking strict measures against land grabbing in Guwahati. Twenty bighas of government lands were freed from encroachers during the eviction drive carried out in the presence of Kamrup (Metro) DC Ashutosh Agnihotri.An official of the district administration said Arun Boro, Ranjit Das and Padum Boro were involved in the encroachment at Kharghuli hills. The administration lodged an FIR at Panikhaiti police station. Police detained Padum Boro for questioning.\"Even though the district administration has prohibited hill cutting, the encroachers were cutting the hill lands and they had even completed fencing the land that belonged to the government,\" said Tankeswar Das, circle officer of Dispur revenue circle.The district administration had made an announcement on December 31, 2011 to go all out against the land mafias and encroachers. The Kharghuli village that comes under Dispur revenue circle has a total area of 1185 bighas, three kathas and 13 lechas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "11396791", "title": "Bharuch gets image makeover before Modi\u2019s Sadbhavana fast", "text": "BHARUCH: Bharuch is in an image makeover mode, thanks to chief minister Narendra Modi's day-long Sadbhavana fast which is slated for Sunday.The district administration is working overtime to clean up the city. Besides resurfacing of roads, illegal street stalls are being removed and dividers are being painted.Bharuch Nagarpalika has demolished all illegal structures along the road while the walls of Modi's fast venue are painted with pictures by students of Fine Arts College. About 125 hoardings with pictures of Modi and local leaders have cropped up all over the city.The district police administration also has swung into action. Nine DySPs, 45 police inspectors and 127 police sub inspectors along with 2000 police men have been deputed for the bandobast.District superintendent of police Gautam Parmar said due to security reasons, mobile phones, water bottles, purse, perfume bottles will not be allowed in the venue of Sadbhavana fast.The local BJP unit has chalked out programmes starting Friday in the build up to the Sadbhavana show. These include a scooter rally. Ishwarsinh Patel minister for co-operatives, sports, youth and cultural affairs said, \"Party workers will hold Maha arti tomorrow in temples of the city. The BJP women's wing would collect signatures of the people on clothes and hand it over to the chief minister.\"Dushyant Patel, MLA from Bharuch said over 40 religious leaders will fast along with the chief minister while members from about 60 tribal communities will participate in the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "11404011", "title": "Man gets life term for killing sister", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A local court today sentenced a man to life imprisonment for murdering his sister in a honour killing case.According to the prosecution, the girl had married a boy against the wishes of her family in Kudiya Gadhi village in April 2006.On November 21 last year, Dharam Bir visited his sister's house and shot her dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393736", "title": "Samiti to celebrate 100th anniversary of national anthem", "text": "PUNE: On the occasion of the 100th anniversary of India's national anthem, the Jana Gana Mana Shatabdi Samiti, formed under the aegis of Shri Swami Vivekanand Smruti Trust, has organised a special programme on the evening of January 8 at New English School, Tilak Road.Scientists, Raghunath Mashelkar and Vijay Bhatkar will be present on the occasion. Bhatkar is the president of the Samiti. A Marathi book on the history of 'Jana Mana Gana,' written by Milind Sabnis, will be unveiled on the occasion by chief guest, Mashelkar.\"Besides invitees and guests, we have also invited students from around 300 different schools across the city. Around 4,000 students will sing the national anthem towards the end of the programme,\" said Vasant Kunte, convenor of the Samiti, at a press conference on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393855", "title": "PU bid to link Aadhar with students' bank accounts", "text": "PATNA: Responding to the advice of the UGC, Patna University (PU) has started an exercise of linking \"Aadhar\" (Unique Identification Number) with individual bank accounts of students.In its directive to the heads of all postgraduate departments and principals of colleges, PU has asked them to cooperate with the Canara Bank for setting up the enrolment counters in colleges and university departments. The Bank is preparing to set up Aadhar Enrolment-cum-Savings Bank opening counters in universities and colleges in the country to link Aadhar with students' bank account numbers. No cost will be charged by the bank from the institutions or students for this.Linking of Aadhar to students' bank accounts would facilitate effective delivery of Central schemes, namely loans to eligible bonafide students, help track students to minimize the possibility of defaults on loans and encourage more banks to be a part of the Central schemes besides disbursals of scholarships and fellowships, said the notification.Non-payment of scholarship: Meanwhile, the minority students of architectural engineering course of the National Institute of Technology (NIT) Patna have expressed their concern over the non-payment of their scholarships owing to the delay in recognition of their course by the National Council of Architecture. Even though the authorities have assured them that the recognition of the course would be restored soon, nothing has been done as yet. NIT Patna student leader Mukesh Kumar Singh has urged the Union HRD minister to take immediate steps for restoring recognition to the course by the Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11395576", "title": "Ultrasound unit sans technician causing problems for Dufferin patients", "text": "KANPUR: The ultrasound unit at AHM-Dufferin Hospital is not functioning since the past two weeks, causing hardships to the patients. The reason is the non-availability of technician, who was initially hired on an ad hoc basis and later left the job.The absence of ultrasound technician is forcing the poor patients to get the ultrasound tests conducted from private pathological labs. The ultrasound is done free of cost at Dufferin Hospital. The patients had to pay more than Rs 500 at private labs.\"The doctors ask for an ultrasound after every trimester of pregnancy. The cost of ultrasound test outside is Rs 600 and more, hence it cost approximately Rs 3000 rupees for ultrasound. We get only Rs 1,500 as a beneficiary of JSSY scheme,\" said a patient. Similar words were echoed by several other patients.According to the hospital authorities, ultrasound technician M Ratnakar was hired on an ad hoc basis. He worked for more than 10 months and now got a regular posting at Mati.\"No new appointments can be done due to election code of conduct in force,\" chief medical superintendent of Dufferin Hospital Usha Jain said. \"We try to refer most of the patient to UHM Hospital but the number of patients is so high that it becomes difficult to tackle the situation,\" she addedMore than 200 ultrasound tests are conducted at Dufferin Hospital daily.Dr Shailendra Tiwari, additional chief medical superintendent said that the influx of the ultrasound patients had increased since the past few days. \"Even we are having limited machines and technicians which causes delay,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396105", "title": "Iskcon flyover mishap: Car driver surrenders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Driver of the Chevrolet Optra car that met with a freak accident on Thursday afternoon surrendered to Vastrapur police on Friday. He revealed that as another youth sitting in the car with him was injured in the accident, he took him to the hospital, and thus, he had been away from the spot when police started investigation.Vastrapur police officials said the accident had taken place near Iskcon flyover at 5 pm on Thursday when the car hit the divider and then hit a lamppost. The speeding car had turned into a metal mesh after the collision. Eyewitnesses told police that there were three men riding in the car. \"Vasu Rawal, a native of Kadi in Mehsana, was driving the Optra when the incident took place. At that time, he was driving Kiran Gajjar, son of Ramesh Gajjar, owner of the car. The duo was going towards Thaltej to meet one of Kiran's relatives when the incident took place. As per his statement, he was in speed when he saw a biker crossing the divider illegally. To avert the possible collision, he applied brakes due to which the car turned a full circle and hit the divider and the lamppost. Kiran was injured in the incident,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11398746", "title": "Now, a bio-pic on badshah of B-grade", "text": "Kanti Shah who once famously got on Sunny Deol's wrong side, and made innumerable filmgoers happy with his films, is the subject of Sneha Tulli's debutPolitical leaders, social reformers and even literary figures usually made the cut when it came to biopics. But for the first time ever, a man who will forever be associated with the Indian adult film industry, has found himself as the central subject in a mainstream Bollywood venture. Debutante director Sneha Tulli is all geared up to make a biopic on Kanti Shah, the famous B-Grade filmmaker of Bollywood.For the uninitiated, Kanti Shah is the one who made the small single screen theatres buzz with activity. With films like Lage Raho Partner, Free Entry, Shaadi Basanti Ki Honeymoon Gabbar Ka and the cult 'so-bad-it's-good' Mithun starrer Gunda in his kitty, Kanti Shah was the undisputed king of adult cinema.Line producer Rakesh Sabharwal of Prince Movies confirmed the news and said, \"We do have a character inspired by Kanti Shah in the film. I wouldn't call it a biography, but the film is definitely about him.\" The film has been titled Ye Hai Mumbai.Explaining the character in the film and its similarities with Kanti Shah's life, Sabharwal added, \"The character in our film is called Shanti Shah. Bijendra Kale will play the role. It is more or less like a spoof on the filmmaker. However, there are a few instances from Kanti Shah's life that have been incorporated in the film. For example, we have the entire episode involving the Deols, wherein Sunny and Bobby bashed him up, as a part of the film. His famous 'rivalry' with Yash Chopra is also a part of the film.\"For those unaware of the Deol episode, Kanti Shah had once bluffed Dharmendra into acting out a scene, which turned out to be quite risque. Sunny Deol, on learning this, confiscated all the prints of the film and gave Kanti Shah more than an earful.\"Kanti Shah was the one who started the trend of small films. He made the entire B-grade cinema industry boom. At one point, even big producers used to be apprehensive about releasing their films alongside his. Kanti Shah would make four films in a year...He would simply add a couple of words to any major film that was announced and within a fortnight release his film alongside it. His career is inspiring. That's why we are making a film on him,\" explained Sabharwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394314", "title": "Missing Malad GRP cop traced to Kalyan hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: A GRP constable, who had disappeared after a row with commuters at Malad station over alleged high-handedness, has been traced to a hospital in Kalyan.On Wednesday evening, the constable, Pratap Jadhav (50), pulled up a passenger for refusing to vacate a bench at a police helpdesk at Malad station. When Jadhav dragged the passenger to a police chowky, his friend allegedly raised an alarm, claiming that the constable had beaten up the passenger. Soon, a large mob of peak-hour commuters gathered at the chowky and started demonstrating. Additional forces had to be called in to bring the situation under control.Later, a police team was sent to Jadhav's home in Kalyan, but he wasn't there. He also did not report to work the following say and officials suspected he had fled the city. However, on Friday, Jadhav informed his superiors over phone that he had been admitted to Rukminibai Hospital in Kalyan. He said he was a heart patient and had been suffering chest pain since the Malad incident, the police said. He added that he had been advised by doctors to rest for a few days.No FIR has been registered in connection with the incident. The passenger, who had been detained by Jadhav, managed to escape in the melee. Officials said some of the protesting commuters smashed potted plants kept outside the chowky. A home guard said the mob was trying to forced their way into the chowky and had to be pushed back with lathis. Sources said the police also had to resort to lathicharge for a short while to disperse the crowd.\"No CCTV cameras were installed near the chowky and so we haven't been able to see what transpired on Wednesday.We have recorded the statements of a few eyewitnesses and the home guard,\" a senior official said.The police added that Jadhav had returned from a colleague's funeral in Navi Mumbai on the day of the Malad incident. He was the only in-charge at the station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11395943", "title": "New Biotech Bill not to dilute rights of states", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dispelling apprehensions of various states that the new biotechnology Bill infringes upon their rights over agriculture and health, the adviser in the department of biotechnology (DBT) Dr S R Rao on Friday asserted that the Bill has no such provision.Dr Rao, who is the coordinator in DBT for establishment of national biotechnology regulatory authority, said \"The Biotechnology Regulatory Authority of India (BRAI) Bill-2011 will in no way dilute the respective state governments' constitutional powers on health and agriculture.\"The Bill says commercialization of biotechnology products in agriculture and healthcare would be subject to all other laws, whether Central or state, for the time being in force and rules and regulations made thereunder. This means decisions on health and agriculture will continue to be state subjects. It's not going to change, Dr Rao told TOI.Dr Rao, who was in city to attend the 99the Indian Science Congress here, countered the apprehension of farmer organizations and activists that the companies may conceal information under the confidential commercial information clause.\"Such data doesn't include the bio-safety aspects, which will be revealed to the authorities and the public,\" Dr Rao said. The Authority is proposed to examine the safety, efficacy and effectiveness of a product, which will be done through a specialized scientific process, he said. The proposed regulator would be a nodal agency of the Centre to ensure comprehensive safety assessment of organisms and products of modern biotechnology, he said.The Bill has provisions under which the autonomous Authority with independent checks and balances will explain why it approved a genetic product, Dr Rao said while advocating for an effective regulation in place for transparency and consistency in approach towards GM products. Dr Rao said the Bill gives provisions for a regulatory appellate tribunal for redressal of disputes and violations even after GM product is cleared.At least four states, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Kerala and Bihar, have opposed the Bill, now in Parliament, in its current form. Madhya Pradesh agriculture minister Ramkrishna Kusmaria had written a letter to Union Science and Technology Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , stating the state's opposition to certain provisions \"infringing constitutional rights of the states on health and agriculture.\" The other states too had similar reasons to oppose the Bill.Living Farms, a network of farmer organizations, had urged Naveen Patnaik to oppose the Bill in Parliament. The organization contested the clause 2 of the first chapter which \"gives\" the government control over organisms, products and processes of modern biotechnology industry,\" \"This violates the constitutional authority of states over agriculture and health, it had argued. This is a regressive step after the regulatory regime in India made a progress towards respecting the constitutional authority of state governments,\" said Debjeet Saranagi, a member of Living Farms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11394420", "title": "MCG to seal 298 \u2018hazardous\u2019 mobile towers near houses", "text": "GURGAON: In a bizarre move, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has decided to seal all the mobile towers in its jurisdiction with immediate effect, citing health hazards.This move is seen affecting mobile services particularly in the old city. While it's not clear what the health hazards caused by mobile towers are, this decision was taken unanimously during Friday's House meeting. There are a total of 502 mobile towers in the city out of which 298 are under the MCG's jurisdiction.The MCG wants the mobile operators to relocate these towers from residential areas to commercial locations. \"It's a well known fact that the radiation from these towers causes deadly diseases like cancer and we want to ensure the safety of our residents. There are hundreds of mobile towers in residential areas and in case somebody gets affected by this radiation everybody will blame us for it,\" said mayor Vimal Yadav.According to Yadav, mobile operators have to pay Rs 2.5 lakh per tower annually to the municipality, but they have not done so in the past three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394259", "title": "CBI hunts for Bhanwari wrist watch", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has launched an operation to locate the wrist watch of killed nurse Bhanwari Devi from the Rajiv Gandhi link canal near Jaloda village, putting 30 divers on the job, after an accused claimed that they had dumped the watch along with the remains of the body into the canal.The agency also found a bag containing two country-made pistols and a wooden bat from the canal. Water supply to the canal has been stopped to enable CBI to conduct its search. The CBI has also picked up samples of soil from the spot near the canal for examination.The bat, CBI sources said, was reportedly used to hit Bhanwari when she was abducted on September 1.\"We are draining the nearby canal to search for her watch which one of the accused claims was dumped along with the ashes of the nurse,\" a senior CBI official said.CBI director A P Singh and additional director Salim Ali, accompanied by forensic experts, had visited the spot on Thursday where the nurse was allegedly burnt after being kidnapped. The agency also found a gunny bag in which Bhanwari's remains were thrown in the canal.The remains were allegedly dumped by accused Bishnaram and Kailash Jakhar in the canal near Jaloda village. The CBI took both the accused to the spot and recreated the scene of the crime.Meanwhile, a local court in Jodhpur extended the judicial custody of accused Mahipal Maderna and Parasram till January 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11394776", "title": "Erratic weather: Rain, cold winds add to chill", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cold conditions were back in the state capital with overcast skies and drizzles on Friday. The maximum temperature plummeted to 16 degrees Celsius, which was six degrees below normal. Cold winds added to the chill, and foggy conditions in the morning affected the rail, road and air traffic. However, the night temperatures were high. The minimum temperature was 10.5 degrees, four degrees above normal.State Met director J P Gupta said that similar conditions would prevail on Saturday. \"The change in the weather has been caused by a circulation over east UP. The circulation is getting moisture feed from the Arabian sea, resulting in showers in some parts of the state on Friday. On Saturday, rainfall is expected in a few parts of the west UP and isolated places in the east UP. In Lucknow, skies will remain cloudy with possibilities of fog in the morning and in the night. Light showers may also occur. The circulation would last for two days,\" he predicted.People woke up to thick dense fog and overcast skies in the morning. The day temperatures were down. Similar conditions had prevailed in mid December as well. But thereafter, the weather had become warm. The warm spell ended with heavy rainfall on the New Year day.It was followed by yet another warm spell which has now been broken due to showers. The unusual weather trend this winter has left people surprised. While the longest foggy spell was witnessed in December, the heaviest rainfall on the New Year day in last 60 years had thrown the normal life out of gear.Similar weather conditions were reported from other parts of the state. While Shajahanpur recorded 14.5 degrees Celsius maximum temperature, Hardoi recorded 15.5 degrees, Kanpur 15.8 degrees, Moradabad 15.9 degrees, Bareilly and Meerut16 degrees each and Lakhimpur Kheri recorded 16.4 degrees Celsius. While the maximum temperatures across the state were 1-6 degrees below normal, the minimum temperatures were 1-5 degrees above normal. No significant change is expected in the next 24 hours.The districts where visibility on Friday morning dropped to 200 metres or less were Hardoi, Kanpur, Hamirpur, Lucknow, Rae Bareli, Allahabad, Varanasi, Gorakhpur and Ghazipur. Etawah recorded the lowest minimum temperature of 4.6 degree Celsius. The foggy and cloudy conditions will continue in most parts of the state on Saturday as well. The circulation is expected to fizzle out soon. Thereafter, the night temperatures would drop. The showers and snowfall in the hill region would also lead to a drop in the temperatures in plains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395584", "title": "Govt school principals to monitor admission", "text": "BHOPAL: Principals of state government schools in the district would act as nodal officers for monitoring admissions in private CBSE and ICSE schools under the Right to Education Act. Government school teachers would be appointed as nodal officers who would monitor the random selection procedure. This was decided by the DEO's office on Friday.District education officer, C M Upadhyay said, \"About 60 CBSE and ICSE schools have been identified in the district where principals of government schools would be appointed who would monitor the admission procedure via random selection. These schools are prestigious public schools of the city where applications received are manifold compared to number of seats.\"He added, \"For the rest 1,000-odd private schools, government school teachers would be appointed as nodal officers to monitor the admission of the 25% students coming under the RTE Act. The list for the same is being prepared now.\"On January 3, commissioner of the Rajya Shiksha Kendra Ashok Varnwal had said at a meeting of the district administration and school authorities that all schools in the state capital would be monitored by specially appointed nodal officers. The schools will have to admit 25% of their seats to students belonging to the BPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394537", "title": "Adarsh panel had sought time till Aug", "text": "MUMBAI: The commission set up to probe the Adarsh scam got an extension till May from CM Prithviraj Chavan.The panel which was set up on January 7, 2010, was supposed to function for three months, but its term was extended to January 7, 2011. On December 7, 2011, the commission sought an extension from the state to August 31, 2012.As per the terms of reference, the commission will complete its inquiry and submit its report to the state government within three months or within a time as extended by the state government from time to time and it may also submit such interim reports, concerning such matters in the terms of reference, as it may deem fit. \"The terms of reference are clear, we can't compel the commission to submit an interim report. Our officials will soon call on the commission secretary with a plea for an interim report,'' the official said.In the wake of a series of reports in TOI, Congress president Sonia Gandhi had asked then chief minister Ashok Chavan to step down. At the same time, the state government set up a commission headed by Justice J A Patil, a former judge of the Bombay High Court, and former chief secretary P Subrahmanyam as members, even as defence minister A K Antony entrusted the probe to the CBI.Among the 13-odd terms of reference, the commission has been asked to submit a report on the ownership of land and whether there was reservation for Kargil war heroes. The CBI has already registered a criminal case against 14 persons, including Ashok Chavan, former municipal commissioner Jairaj Phatak and former urban development secretary Ramanand Tiwari.The commission has recorded the statements of Phatak, Tiwari, Subhash Lala and will record the statements of Ashok Chavan, Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde . As per official records, the state government has so far spent Rs 1.15 crore on the commission, which includes the fees of the lawyers representing the commission and the state government and remuneration paid to the commission staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11395726", "title": "FMs to discuss GST, VAT at Bhopal on Jan 9-10", "text": "INDORE: The first meeting of empowered committee of finance ministers to discuss the Value Added Tax (VAT) regime has been organised at Bhopal on January 9 and 10.The meeting will be presided over by Bihar deputy chief minister and chairman of the empowered committee Sushil Modi. Finance ministers of 11 states will be attending the meeting.The committee will discuss common interests of the states, especially the proposed imposition of service tax on the basis of negative lists of services. Compensation of losses being suffered by states in the wake of reduction in the rates of sales tax by the Union Government and VAT revenue during year 2011-12 will also be reviewed, during the meeting, said an official spokesman.On the inaugural day on January 9, discussions will be held in the context of the recommendations made by the committee comprising principal secretaries, secretaries and commercial taxes commissioners regarding the concept-paper on negative list of services. Discussions will also be held on the status of the CST compensation of professional tax as well as VAT and non-VAT revenues and other related matters.On January 10, presentations will be made by various states on best IT practices.Besides, compounding schemes, audit procedure followed by various states, status of e-return and other issues will also be discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393572", "title": "Two get life for abduction, murder", "text": "PATNA: The court of ADJ, Patna, R C Mishra on Friday awarded life imprisonment to two accused in a kidnapping cum murder that took place in September, 2007, in the state capital.Court sources said that one Sunny Kumar, a resident of Lohanipur here, was kidnapped in September, 2007 and the kidnappers had demanded Rs 30,000 as ransom for his safe release. The kidnappers, however, eliminated Sunny later.The court after hearing the defence and prosecution arguments awarded life term to Arun Kumar Ram, a native of Nathupur under Parsa Bazaar police station, and Sudhir Kumar, a native of Bauna village under Gaurichak police station in Patna district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395350", "title": "State dragging its feet on information commissioners", "text": "HYDERABAD: Last month, the state government had committed to the high court that it would appoint information commissioners for the AP Information Commission within a month. A month later, however, the government has failed to keep its word. The commission's three information commissioners had retired on November 17, 2011, following which the posts have been lying vacant. At least 10 commissioners can be assigned to the body as per the RTI Act.On December 5, when a case pertaining to delay in the appointment of information commissioners had come up for hearing, the advocate general on behalf of the government had given an oral commitment that the appointments would be completed within four weeks upon which the case was adjourned to January 23. But the state government has so far not made any progress in this regard nor has it filed a counter affidavit.Advocate D B Rao who had filed this case on behalf of RTI activist G Bhargavi said, \"The government had admitted its mistake and had informed that they were in the process of appointing information commissioners but they have not done it so far.\" Rao said that the information commission in the state has been \"void and illegal\" for more than a year now as per section 15 (2) of RTI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11395317", "title": "Teach teachers, guide guardians", "text": "PANAJI: The alleged molestation of a 17-year-old girl student by a teacher of her school has left stakeholders stressing the need for a code of conduct for teachers and a sensitization programme on child safety for parents.A system to receive feedback on teachers' behaviour should also be evolved, they maintain.\"Children feel comfortable and get friendly with their teachers over a period of time. Teachers should not take advantage of this familiarity and dependence,\" says Sabina Martins of NGO Bailancho Saad that was involved in getting the case registered.Asserting that the responsibility in such cases, where minors are involved, lies with the adult, Martins pointed out, \"Teachers also go through teachers' training where they are told what is expected of them. They should not exploit the situation in any way, even emotionally.\"President of the Goa School Management Association, Vinayak Naik, opined that the school management concerned should \"reflect on the reasons why such an incident would take place\". \"They should impose a code of conduct on teachers. Schools should imbibe certain moral values in teachers,\" said Naik.He felt parents too should be made aware that children should not be sent alone with teachers outside of school premises without making proper inquiries about the meeting.\"I do not know the full details of the case and cannot hold the accused responsible until proven guilty, but I can say that teachers should think of students as their own children and realize that they have some responsibilities towards them,\" said Pradosh Salkar, a teacher at a Panaji school and member of the state School Teachers' Association.He stressed the need for teachers to realize the importance of their role in a student's life: \"Teachers should provide guidance to students even when parents fail to provide it.\"Member of the parent-teacher association of a Porvorim school and a father of four, Allen Rocha, emphasized the need for parents to be alert to avoid cases of sexual abuse.\"I would partly blame the parents for sending the girl child alone with a male person. I do not know how the parents allowed the girl to go alone with the art teacher for so-called guidance, that too when the subject is not science or mathematics. What guidance on studies will the art teacher provide? Even if there was a study-related problem, the girl should have been sent to some tuition teacher where other children are present,\" he said.Opining that schools should evolve a system where feedback on teachers is sought by school heads and managements through a set network, Rocha held, \"Even if the girl was told by the teacher that she is being taken to provide some guidance, one parent should have accompanied the child.\"Claiming that a deterioration of values already exists in society, Salkar said, \"If it continues, all teachers will be afraid to show their affection towards students and all teachers will be viewed in bad light by people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395608", "title": "MP board registrar roughed up", "text": "BHOPAL: A clerk of the MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) allegedly roughed up the education board registrar over a petty issue on Friday.Board chairman M K Rai has ordered a probe, sources said. Sita Sinothia, registrar, MPBSE was allegedly kicked in the stomach by O P Barsena, a clerk over a parking row between her husband Suresh Sinothia and Barsena. Sinothia said, \"Barsena has created problems in the past too. During the dispute, he kicked my wife in the stomach in an inebriated state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395321", "title": "ACB raids on inspector", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths Friday conducted simultaneous raids on the properties of Chaitanyapuri inspector P Praveen Kumar and booked a case against him for possessing assets disproportionate to his known sources of income.According to ACB officials, while the arrested OSD Sarveshwar Reddy was working as ACP of Rajendranagar division in Cyberabad commissionerate, Praveen was a sub-inspector with Raidurgam police station, which fell under Reddy's jurisdiction. Reddy knows Kumar, who hails from Dokur village in Devarakadra mandal of Mahbubnagar district, well as the two hail from neighbouring mandals and belong to the same community. Police suspect Reddy might have used Praveen or his family members for his benami deals.ACB officials first conducted searches at Praveen's house (No. 102) at Sri Nilayam apartments in Errum Manzil colony last year on November 19 to unearth evidence related to Reddy's benami assets.On Friday, simultaneous searches were again carried out at nine places, including Praveen's house and his relative's houses in the city and Mahbubnagar district. During the two rounds of searches, ACB sleuths have found Rs 2.62 crore worth assets, including Rs 2 lakh in cash along with farm lands, plots and houses in the city and Mahbubnagar district in the name of Kumar's father Bucha Reddy and mother Sarojini Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394260", "title": "Disqualified ex-corporator free to contest polls: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: A former Shiv Sena corporator, Rashmi Pahudkar, who was disqualified after her caste certificate was invalidated, is free to contest elections after the HC on Friday set aside a civic order restraining her. Her caste certificate was invalidated by the Caste Scrutiny Committee on April 12, 2007 and thereafter BMC disqualified her from contesting for six years. The civic order was based on a provision of the BMC Act which was deleted by an amendment, her advocate Ramchandra Mendadkar submitted. Pahudkar moved HC to strike down the order.A public interest litigation against social activist Anna Hazare and a trust was withdrawn after the Bombay High Court said it was inclined to dismiss it. The petition was filed by an activist Hemant Patil , of the Rashtriya Brashtachar Virodhi Janshakti, alleging that Hind Swaraj Trust and trustee Hazare have not submitted audited accounts for 2005-07. The judges said the petitioner should take his grievance to the Charity Commissioner first and only then come in public interest. The petition stated that while a show cause notice was issued after Patil filed a complaint, no action has been initiated despite knowledge that donations were received by misrepresentation to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396130", "title": "Indulal\u2019s film on Begda was a hit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The only film made on Gujarat's most powerful emperor Mehmood Begda or Mohammad Begda was directed by none other than Maha Gujarat's architect Indulal Yagnik during his brief stint at the tinsel town.There too he sparked a controversy by showing the Muslim king eating bananas while seeking blessings of Goddess Kali.In 1928, Yagnik made his debut in filmmaking with 'Pavagadh', where he showed how the last king of Patai Raval dynasty lost to Begda. The film was an instant hit when it was released in Imperial Cinema in Mumbai. But all did not go smooth as the movie also attracted controversy and Yagnik had to remove certain scenes following public uproar.\"Within few days, I was informed on telephone that there was trouble in the cinema hall because of a scene wherein Mohammad Badshah, while eating a banana and bowing down to the Hindu Goddess, takes her blessings. On the very next day, the scene was removed and the film was a success during the following two weeks,\" Yagnik wrote describing the incident in his autobiography, which has recently been translated into English.Opposed to Gandhiji's insistence on adopting charkha, Yagnik had left the movement and turned to full-time journalism in Mumbai by accepting an editor's job in an English daily. The necessity of writing on films brought him close to filmwallas. Soon he began working on a script and joined Sharda Film Company. He shot 'Pavagadh' at different locations in Vadodara, Champaner and Pavagadh. Bolstered with it's success, he quit journalism to make films.He made different kinds of films including 'Young India', 'Kashmir nu Gulab', 'Rajput Savar', 'Rakhpath Rakhapath' on Jhaverchand Meghani's 'Sorthi Rasdhar' and 'Kalino Ekko' among others.Yagnik even tried shooting a film in Kashmir in collaboration with a German photographer, but his later films flopped on box-office for various reasons.Heavily into debts, Yagnik even accepted General Motors' offer to make an advertising film for them. However, the money earned through this promotional movie was spent on his illness.Curtains came down on Yagnik's film career in May 1930 following Gandhiji's arrest post Dandi March. Considering himself a \"pigmy\" in the film world, Yagnik decided to rejoin freedom movement and gave up the film world and put on the khadi attire once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11394552", "title": "Gali made Rs 4,300 cr through illegal mining: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Obulapuram Mining Company Pvt Ltd (OMC) owned by mining baron and former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhana Reddy earned over Rs 4,310 crore by selling illegally mined iron ore by way of local sales and exports, according to the CBI chargesheet. With so much money coming his way, Gali went to the extent of buying a Bel helicopter for his exclusive use. CBI seized this helicopter and it is currently in its custody.Ironically, according to the investigative agency, Gali managed to get the mining leases in Andhra Pradesh on the pretext of using them for captive purpose for his Brahmani Steel Plant proposed to be set up at Kadapa. He did not set up the plant but got the words captive mining deleted from the GOs that granted him the mining leases. He used these leases to justify his illegal mining activities elsewhere and ended up buying a chopper, says the CBI.Though the CBI chargesheet explains at length how the authorities had crossed their brief in circumventing all the existing norms to help OMC get leases and how the company sidelined other rival applicants, it only made a small mention about political overtones in the case. At one para at the fag end of the chargesheet, the CBI did say as to how a rival mining lease applicant N Konda Reddy was silenced by powerful politicians. It was in this connection, the CBI earlier questioned Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy and left things there.The current chargesheet did not say anything about Jagan. But CBI officials are now maintaining that they will file a supplementary chargesheet but remained mum as to whether Jagan will be a witness or an accused in that.The CBI probing the allegations of illegal mining and irregularities in allotment of mining leases to OMC in Anantapur district had filed the chargesheet against OMC, Janardhana Reddy, his brother-in-law and the mining firm's MD B V Srinivas Reddy, former mining and geology director V D Rajagopal and the then assistant director of mines and geology late R Linga Reddy on December 3 last year.According to the chargesheet, the total amount earned by OMC through local sales and by export of iron ore worked out to Rs 4,310 crore during the 2007-10 period. The Reddys (arrested by CBI in September last year from Bellary) and Rajagopal (arrested in November last year) are presently under judicial remand and lodged in Chanchalguda jail here.The chargesheet further says that Reddys entered into criminal conspiracy with public servants including late Linga Reddy, VD Rajagopal, suspended IAS officer and then secretary (Industries and Commerce department ) Y Srilakshmi and ensured that the mining lease for the iron ore on area of 68.5 hectare and 39.5 hectare were granted in favour of OMC.Srilakshmi had committed various omissions and commissions in the criminal conspiracy and favoured OMC while ignoring other mining bidders, the CBI alleged in the chargesheet. \"Srilakshmi by abusing her official position issued two GOs on June 18, 2007 sanctioning mining lease for iron ore in over two stretches of 68.5 hectares (of Anthara Gangamma Konda of D Hirehal mandal in Anantapur district) and 39.5 hectares (in Obulapuram village) in favour of OMC while rejecting other mining applicants,\" the CBI said.The GOs did not specify the clause 'Captive Mining' though OMC itself applied for mining lease stating its intention to set up a steel plant in Kadapa district, which in turn caused pecuniary gain to OMC and gave an impetus to Janardhana Reddy and Srinivas Reddy to indulge in illegal mining and justify it, the CBI alleged.The CBI further said that V D Rajagopal and Srilakshmi had demanded huge bribes running into crores for grant of prospective mining lease to one C Sashi Kumar, a mine bidder. The investigation were on with regard to demand of money by Srilakshmi from Sashi Kumar, and the quid pro quo in this case against her was in progress and a supplementary report will be filed, the CBI added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393826", "title": "State beset with problems, says CPM", "text": "PATNA: Though the upper middle and elite class is enthused over some of the proposed projects of the Nitish government and the government has successfully capitalized on some of its works to create an aura of 'Shining Bihar', a large majority of people in Bihar is still suffering.CPM politburo member S R Pillai and party Central secretariat member Hannan Mollah said here on Friday that the agricultural workers in Bihar are not getting enough work and proper wages, marginal, small and medium farmers are not getting proper price for their produce and are forced to buy seeds and fertilizers from black market, youths are facing increasing unemployment and urbanized working people, too, are not having a good time. \"This is our feedback from district-level party conferences in the state,\" said Mollah.He said that attack on Dalits and atrocities on women had increased in the state and the state government has caved in to feudal forces, putting Bandopadhyay Committee's recommendations on land reforms on the backburner.Pillai said that the party's 20th Congress would be held at Kochi in Kerala between April 4-9. Prior to it, the party state conference would be held at Motihari between January 29-31. He said that the party Congress would chalk out an action plan to build an alternative to both the Congress and the BJP as they were following the same neo-liberal economic policy and same foreign policy based on strategic relationship with the US.Speaking about the party stand on the Lokpal Bill, he said that it was very weak and had three major flaws. Lokpal should be appointed by an independent and non-partisan body, and not one in which the government or government-related people were in a majority. Besides, Lokpal should have its own investigative agency which is totally under its administrative control, and corruption cases involving the corporate sector should be under its ambit.The party reiterated its opposition to the proposal to allow foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail sector as it would render small traders and their staff jobless on a largescale. The proposal has been put on the backburner for now, but could be revived anytime, the two leaders said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11395874", "title": "New Delhi-Howrah route affected due to dense fog", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The movement of trains on New Delhi-Howrah route has been paralyzed due to the persistent foggy conditions. The trains are running late by fifteen to seven hours causing problems to the passengers.Train number 12405 New Delhi-Bhagalpur Gharib Rath is running late by about 15 hours and 30 minutes. Train number 12818 Jharkhand Express is running late by 10 hours and 30 minutes. Train number 14083 Mahananda Express whose arrival time is about 6:00 am was running late by ten hours. Even the prestigious train of Allahabad Prayag Raj Express arrived at about 11:55 pm getting delayed by about 5 hours.Train number 14164 Sangam Express was also delayed by about 5 hours and 30 minutes as it arrived at Allahabad junction at about 2:00 pm. Train number 14056 Brahmaputra Mail was running late by about 8 hours. In addition to this, train number 14512 Nauchandi Express was running late by about 4 hours and 30 minutes and train number 18631 Gharib Nawaz Express was running late by about 3 hours.Train number 12505 North East Express was running late by about 9 hours while train number 15632 Guwahati-Barmer Express was running late by about 5 hours and 30 minutes. Train number 12311 Kalka Mail was also running late by about 5 hours as it arrived at Allahabad junction at about 2:00 pm. while train number 12321 Mumbai Mail was running late by about 3 hours and 30 minutes.Train number 12802 Puroshattam Express was running late by about 7 hours as it arrived at allahabad railway junction at about 2:00 pm while train number 18101 Moorie Express was running late by about 6 hours as it reached Allahabad junction at about 2:30 pm. Train number 12987 Ajmer-Sealdah was running late by about 4 hours. Train number 12427 New Delhi-Rewa Express has been cancelled on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396084", "title": "Auto damaged in accident recovered", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police officials recovered the autorickshaw damaged in the fatal accident that took place in the wee hours of January 1 as one of the evidences on Friday, six days after the incident.The badly damaged three-wheeler mysteriously went missing after the accident much like its driver, Ajay Janade, 27. Janade, too, has been missing since the last five days. He was one of the eye-witnesses and complainant in the case.While sources said that he has been to Maharashtra to avoid being questioned, police officials said that search for him is on as he will be a crucial witness to ascertain who was to blame for the accident. Officials also suspect foul play. \"He might have been bribed to get away and weaken the case,\" said a police official.Labdhi Shah, 19, a resident of Naranpura, was apprehended by police for the incident. After her arrest, Labdhi had claimed that another car had hit her first.In the accident, a 24-year-old youth had died and two others were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11396345", "title": "Labour pains: Japan companies rethink strategy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Japanese automobile companies are rethinking their labour strategy in India to better communicate with a young and often volatile workforce.Companies like Honda, Suzuki and Toyota, that have faced labour unrest in their Indian operations, are now trying to better understand the psyche of a workforce that is a different demographic than those they handle in their operations elsewhere in the world. While labour problems are not peculiar to India alone, auto experts say the growing aspirations of Indian labour is a testimony to the maturity of this market as a production hub.Maruti Suzuki which lost 83,000 units in sales - worth around Rs 2500 crore - due to the labour unrest that hit its operations last year, is clear that part of the problem was a communication gap between the workers and the management. \"I hope the workers in Manesar understand that an internal union better represents their interests ,\" said Maruti MD Shinzo Nakanishi . While the strike hit Maruti's sales and profitability, its parent was clear in how it viewed the problem. \"Suzuki has a lot of experience handling strikes in Japan and elsewhere ,\" said Nakanishi. \"If a market is growing these problems are not possible to avoid and every company will face this kind of situation. How quickly you handle the issue is important.\"Auto experts say as Indian salaries and aspirations go up, India is moving up the value ladder and is no longer a preferred destination simply because of its cheap labour. With global companies moving their R&D; work to India , the labour angle is now less crucial to attract investment. For MNCs that means taking a relook at the entire supply and production chain. Said Keita Muramatsu, president &amp; CEO, Honda Motorcycle &amp; Scooter India (HMSI): \"Now that our production facilities are in place we are trying to satisfy our associates including our employees.We understand that there can be tension on the shop floor and that's true of many countries where we have production facilities. Of course we invest in automation but finally the production depends on people skills so we're focussing on that.\"Japanese companies are also learning about how to handle the aspirations of a workforce that's both young and restless. Take Toyota Kirloskar Motor, which faced its own share of labour problems earlier. Said Vikram Kirloskar , Toyota Kirloskar Motor vice chairman: \"We're trying to improve communication with team members and instill ownership in the company. When we started out, we ended up with a fresh hands and failed to understand their demographic and personal requirements.That's why we had labour problems in the first plant but the second plant the going has been smooth. We have promoted career development and ensured a mix of experienced and new people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11395512", "title": "Two held with unaccounted cash", "text": "VARANASI: In two separate incidents, two persons were held at different places with huge amount of cash and silver in Adampur police area on Friday. The police referred the matter to the income tax department for investigation.According to reports, the police held the cashier of an auto agency situated in Padao locality, Deepak Pandey, with Rs 23 lakh near Bhadau Chungi. During interrogation, the police were not satisfied with his explanation.In another incident, police arrested a person, Avinash Kumar Soni, a native of Siwan (Bihar), with Rs 3 lakh and 6kg silver near Rajghat bridge when he was going towards market by a rickshaw. He also failed to satisfy police during interrogation. Both the cases were referred to income tax department for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393833", "title": "Man duped of Rs 14 lakh, four booked", "text": "PUNE: The Bund Garden police have booked four men for allegedly duping a Gujarat-based man of Rs 14.28 lakh on the pretext of getting his daughter admission to a city-based medical college.The incident took place between September 27 and October 22 last year at a five-star hotel in the city. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Divyanshu Girishchandra Dholkiya (47) of Sagwadi in Bhavnagar district of Gujarat . The suspects have been identified as Ranvir Singh (32) of Mumbai, Chandra (45) (full name not known), Vishalkumar Bhagat of Dadar, Mumbai, and Saroj Chaudhary of New Delhi.Assistant police inspector of the Bund Garden police station S L Dubal said that Dholkiya is a senior officer with Power Control Systems in Bhavnagar. His daughter scored 82% in the higher secondary certificate (HSC, std XII) examination held in March 2011. She wanted to opt for medicine, but had missed the cutoff percentage in a college in Bhavnagar by 0.3%.Meanwhile, Dholkiya got an SMS on his cellphone in September that carried a contact number and an offer for assured admission in well-known medical colleges in Pune. \"When he called the number, the suspect Ranvir Singh answered the phone. He promised to get admission for Dholkiya's daughter in Pune,\" he said.Dubal said Singh called Dholkiya to Pune for discussions and they met at a five-star hotel in the city. Singh introduced Chandra as a trustee of a private medical college in the city. \"The duo told Dholkiya that he would have to pay Rs 4 lakh each for five years for his daughter's education in the medicalcollege. The duo said they would give a concession of Rs 4 lakh if Dholkiya paid Rs 16 lakh at one go.\"He said that between September 27 and October 22 last year, Dholkiya gave three cheques amounting to Rs 14.28 lakh to the suspects. \"As per the duo's instructions, Dholkiya issued the cheques in the name of Vishalkumar Bhagat and Saroj Choudhary,\" Dubal said, adding: \"The suspects told him that Bhagat and Chaudhary are employees of the medical college.\"Dholkiya returned to his hometown and used to call on the suspects' numbers, but after a while, they stopped taking his calls. Later, when he found out that his daughter had not got admission in the college as promised, he realised he had been cheated. Dholkiya then lodged a police complaint. \"We are investigating further,\" Dubal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394799", "title": "\u2018Why should the Centre finance abattoir plan?\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Friday questioned why the Centre must finance the expansion of Deonar abattoir when informed by the BMC that it proposed to seek the Union government's help.Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi were hearing a PIL filed by Viniyog Pariwar Trust against the slaughter of cattle for their meat. When the court was informed that the civic body is running losses, it called for the records. Figures for 2010-2011 showed that while the BMC's expenditure was Rs 23.88 crore annually it earned an income of Rs 15.42 crore. \"The statement shows that your expenditure is more than your income. You are hardly getting Rs 4 crore annually,\" said Justice Shah.BMC advocate Geeta Joglekar said 74% of the expenditure goes towards consumption charges, including paying salaries of 473 employees. These were covered under establishment charges of Rs 17.70 crore. She said the exporters were paying Rs 45 (per animal) as 'slaughter charge' compared to Rs 20 charged for local consumption. The judges, however, opined that the exporters should be charged much higher. Joglekar said a proposal to revise the rates for exporters will be put up before the civic body after elections.In view of the losses, the judges questioned how the BMC planned to go ahead with the abattoir's expansion. Joglekar said the lion's share would come from the Centre and remaining sum would be contributed by the civic body. \"The proposal is still at the planning stage,\" she said.The judges observed that the exporters should contribute towards the expansion. All India Meat and Livestock Association's advocate Zubin Kamdin said it would be \"unviable\" for his clients.Viniyog's advocate Praful Shah alleged that the BMC was in league with the exporters and sought the \"expansion at the cost of public money.\" He said civic byelaws specifically state that \"consumption is only for Mumbai and not foreigners.\" However, Joglekar said the abattoir needed renovation as it is in a dilapidated condition.The judges have directed the BMC to file an affidavit stating how it proposed to spend for renovation and expansion and also how it would increase the income from meat exporters .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394280", "title": "Metro to provide 800 lifts and escalators in Phase III", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Metro's third phase will see the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) install an automatic monitoring and rectification system for the 800 new lifts and escalators that will be added to the network.As part of the Delhi Metro's efforts to make travel by metro convenient, DMRC is planning to have 800 elevators and escalators in the third phase. This is besides the 399 lifts and 490 escalators already operational across its 140 stations, eight depots and other installations.\"These lifts and escalators are regularly checked by a team of inspectors nominated by the government of National Capital Territory of Delhi . To ease the process, DMRC is planning to evolve an automatic monitoring and rectification system in Phase III,\" a Delhi Metro spokesman said.Around 72 crore metro commuters use these lifts and escalators while journeying in Delhi Metro every year. To spread awareness among the public, Delhi Metro has tied up with Bharat Scouts and Guides of Northern Railways to guide passengers in the Metro on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395510", "title": "HC notice to MP Bhavna Gawli", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Friday issued show cause notices to the state chief secretary and Washim MP Bhavna Gawli (Patil).A division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Ashok Bhangale was hearing a plea of Subhash Uttamrao Dewde (Patil) of Washim district who alleged gross irregularities in affairs of Shree Balaji Particle Board owned by Gawli. Cooperation secretary, principal secretaries of finance and planning departments, and National Co-operative Development Corporation are other respondents in the case. They were asked to file replies by February 14.The petitioner demanded investigation into the company's affairs by a special investigation team (SIT) of police officers. He also insisted on appointment of a high-level probe panel headed by a retired high court judge to probe the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394734", "title": "Horse owner is govt nominee, sparks row", "text": "MUMBAI: The appointment of a leading race horse owner as a government-nominated steward of the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) has kicked up a storm. The government, which has powers to nominate up to two persons on the committee of Stewards of the Club, recently appointed Vijay Shirke as one of its nominees.Shirke is a RWITC member and owns a number of horses. This is the first time the government has appointed a private horse owner as its nominee on the body, which is responsible for ensuring that racing events are properly conducted. The 11-men committee of the Stewards of the Club has powers to order inquiries on matters related to racing and can initiate action against owners, trainers, jockeys and agents found violating norms.A senior home department official said the normal practice is to appoint senior police officials like the director general of the ACB or joint CP (administration) to \"protect public interest\". He also said, \"RWITC members were not nominated (even as rules permit the government to do so) to avoid the possibility of a conflict of interest.\"To make place for Shirke, the government withdrew the nomination of Bhagwantrao More, joint CP (administration), who had been discharging the role since 2009.The decision is intriguing, since Shirke is involved in an active dispute with the Stewards of the Club and the RWITC. Shirke's horse Eloise was disqualified and trainer Pesi Shroff served a suspension last year, after the filly tested positive for a banned substance (Boldenone). Contending that the feed supplements supplied by the club to the trainers were the source of contamination, Shirke has demanded that tests be conducted on the supplement samples in a US-based laboratory, which the RWITC and its stewards have so far resisted.The manner of appointment is also under a cloud. Shirke stood for elections to the RWITC's managing committee, only to withdraw his nomination a few days earlier. Immediately after the election, the government withdrew More's name and replaced him with Shirke two weeks later. Sanjeev Dayal, DG (ACB), the other government nominee on the committee, was retained.Confirmed sources also revealed that senior officials in the home department had wanted the earlier arrangement (More and Dayal) to continue. But home minister R R Patil and CM Prithviraj Chavan overruled it. \"Police officials nominated on the body find it difficult to take time out to attend meeting of the body. We thought this time we could appoint a person with knowledge and passion for racing for a one-year term,\" Patil said.Shirke said that Articles of the Association of the Club gave preference to appointment of club members (with knowledge of racing) as government nominees. But a section of RWITC members feel the move is a backdoor entry by Shirke to a \"position of influence\". An NGO, Public Concern for Governance Trust, whose trustees include former police chief Julio Ribeiro, has sought documents and correspondence pertaining to it in an RTI application. \"It's a bad precedent and we plan to write to the government to change the laws to ensure that club members are not appointed as nominees,\" Ribeiro said.Sources said it was Shirke who filed an application to the government for his nomination, which was approved later.RWITC chairman Vivek Jain said, \"The appointment is without precedent, being a member and not a bureaucrat. I hope it signals the government will take a more positive approach to the sport.\"In his defence, Shirke says as a government nominee, he hopes to dispel misconceptions in government circles by submitting unbiased reports on matters concerning the race course. On allegations regarding conflict of interest and backdoor entry, he said, \"Many stewards own horses. The committee itself has appointed two unelected persons of their choice as stewards to replace two elected committee members who did not wish to become stewards. Should such an appointment also be termed as a backdoor entry?\" On the Eloise case, he said it was a settled matter and could not be re-agitated before the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393745", "title": "ECR GM inspects stations", "text": "PATNA: East Central Railway (ECR) GM Varun Bharthuar on Friday inspected Garwah-Sasaram section of Mughalsarai division under the ECR. He was accompanied by senior railway officials of ECR headquarters and of Mughalsarai division.During his day-long inspection, the GM first inspected Mohammadganj station where he thoroughly inspected bridges, railway crossing gates and other safety measures available at the small station. Satisfied with the work of a few railway employees, he announced a cash reward of Rs 2,000 each for Ram Binay Ojha, Mukul Minz and Rajdeo posted at the station for their sincerity in duty, said ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha.Bharthuar then visited Japla station and inspected the railway crossing gate there. He also watched a 'nukkad' play based on drug menace. The GM appreciated the railways artists who staged the play. The GM also inspected Sonenagar and Sasaram stations on the route. He inaugurated a newly built barrack for RPF at Sasaram station. Later, Bharthuar visited Mughalsarai DRM office where he inaugurated a conference hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11396636", "title": "Ensure enough Bengali sessions at literary meet: CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has suggested that the Kolkata Literary Meet (KLM) have at least 50% sessions in Bengali.As chief patron of the book fair, she is taking a keen interest in KLM, which is the first literary meet of its kind in the city. KLM has invited leading writers from the Indo-Anglican genre, like Vikram Seth , Kunal Basu, Chetan Bhagat and Amish Tripathi, and several other internationally famous figures from the world of English literature to participate in the meet. However, the CM has advised the organizers of KLM to ensure that there are \"enough\" Bengali literature related sessions, too.The KLM is being jointly organized by the Publishers and Booksellers Guild and Gameplan. \"There will be five Bengali sessions at KLM and the first such session will see the participation of the CM. It will be a commemorative session on Swami Vivekananda and she will be in conversation with writer Sanjib Chattopadhyay, who is also an expert on Swamiji and the Ramakrishna Mission,\" said Tridib Chatterjee, general secretary of the guild.KLM was formally announced on Friday and the starstudded programme was attended, among others, by authors Sirshendu Mukhopadhyay, Samaresh Majumdar and Kunal Basu. All three stressed on how Bengali literature needs an impetus and KLM should be able to provide that. \"A lot of Bengali literature is being created, but how many are reading that? KLM should try and find out the reason through a writer-reader interface,\" said Samaresh Majumdar.Mukhopadhyay, on the other hand, felt that KLM will provide the opportunity for writers of Bengali fiction to interact with those writing in English and there will be a scope to pick each other's brain. \"Otherwise, the world of the writer is a lonely one,\" he reminded.Basu felt a lot of bestsellers are being written, but not all of it is fiction. \"A lot of serious literary work is being done in Bengal and that needs to be taken to the world. KLM is capable of providing that platform.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11395579", "title": "Old, ailing woman made to wait for hours for bed at UHM", "text": "KANPUR: A patient faced hardships in the chilly weather due to mismanagement of hospital authorities. Ramdulari (70), from Dibiyapur, was forced to spend four hours outside the emergency ward of Ursula Horsman Memorial (UHM) Hospital on Friday.The kin of the ailing patient charged the hospital doctors of inhuman behaviour. Even after seeing the seriousness of the patient, they did not admit her to the ward, they alleged.This incident comes just a day to the one in which a 78-year-old heart patient died outside the medicine ward of Lala Lajpat Rai (LLR) Hospital on Thursday due to unavailability of bed in the ward.On Friday afternoon TOI team visited the emergency ward of UHM. An old and ailing woman, Ram Dulari, was lying on the floor in an unconscious state outside the emergency. She was unable to even sit on a chair. Her son and sister-in-law had enveloped her in a blanket they had brought from home. The suffering of the patient could be gauged from the fact that she was continuously vomiting and crying out in pain but no doctor or hospital staff paid any heed to her.Talking to TOI, Ajay, son of Ram Dulari, informed TOI that he had brought Ram Dulari to UHM at 10.30 am. The doctors at the emergency ward asked them to get the patient's ultrasound done and to come with the reports. After getting the ultrasound done at 12 pm, the patient's kin asked the hospital staff to shift her to a bed. \"The doctors and nurses refused to provide any bed to my ailing mother. Even the higher officials who came on rounds did not pay any heed towards her,\" Ajay said.The patient was made to wait for the bed till the ultrasound reports came. This whole process took more than four hours. Until then, the patient was lying on the floor in an unconscious state. When TOI spoke to the hospital authorities, chief medical superintendent of UHM Dr AK Nigam said he had not been informed about the incident. However, he promised to look into the matter.While, additional chief medical officer Dr AK Saxena admitted that when any patient came to the emergency, he or she should be admitted to the hospital immediately. \"The doctors can wait for test reports but only after providing a bed to the patient,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11394722", "title": "Snowfall rejuvenates tourism in Himachal", "text": "MANALI: Good amount of snowfall has not only rejuvenated the glaciers of Himachal Pradesh, but also proved beneficial for tourism industry of the state, with scores of tourists heading to the hill state.Thousands of tourists, mostly couples are expected to visit Manali, Shimla, Dalhousie and Dharamshala in the next few days. Also, hundreds of ski enthusiasts are reaching Manali to learn basic techniques of the winter sport this month. Private ski instructors have offered many courses while Atal Bihari Vajpayee institute of mountaineering and allied sports (ABVIMAS) is going to start short and long term ski courses from Wednesday.\"This is the best time to visit Manali, when possibility to see fresh snowfall is very high, and tourists are reaching here to enjoy and capture some romantic moments,\" a travel agent in Manali, Roop Chand Negi said. \"Tourists are inquiring about places in Himachal which have experienced fresh snowfall. Shimla and Manali are their first choice,\" he added.Travel agents in Delhi said at least 5,000 inquiries per day are coming in from those keen on visiting Shimla and Manali sometime in January and February. Owner of Himalayan Holidays, Ritesh Mehta said, \"Delhites are most excited about the snowfall in Himachal Pradesh. Honeymooners are going to warm up the winter tourism in Himachal. Travel agents are having good response.\"Bringing cheer among locals and tourists, snowfall is continuing for the third day in tourist resorts of Manali. According to reports from rescue post at Marhi, Rohtang pass has received 3.5 feet of snow. Solang ski slopes have received 10 inch snow. The intermittent rain has melted 4 inch snow in Manali town and converted it into slush.Manali winter carnival is going to begin from January 5 and for the fun of tourists and participants from across the country, several snow-related activities have been added this year. \"Competitions like igloo making, snow statue, snowballs, snowman, fun races, snow mobile stunts, paragliding on snow etc would be organized in Manali. The completion would be the unique of its type,\" Kullu MLA Govind Singh Thakur said.Hoteliers in Manali said many tourists are extending their holidays to enjoy the snowfall here. \"Two couples from Bangalore, who were supposed to vacate their rooms on Thursday, have extended their booking for another two days. Couples want to enjoy the snowfall as much as they can. Similar is the news from many other hotels here,\" general manager of Hotel Hill Top, Sushil Chandel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11395420", "title": "Maya richest among poll-bound state heads", "text": "LUCKNOW: The comparative picture of chief ministers of all the five states, headed for polls in January-March 2012, is interesting. While the comparison of MLAs has been done previously, it's for the first time that CMs have been compared for assets, education and other information provided by them in their affidavits submitted to the Election Commission of India in the last elections.While UP chief minister Mayawati is the only woman chief minister, she has the distinction of heading the biggest state too. She is also the richest chief minister, compared to her counterparts in Punjab, Uttarakhand, Goa and Manipur. She has the highest assets, worth more than Rs 87 crores. Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal is close second, with assets worth more than Rs 9 crores.Goa chief minister Digambar Kamat is third with assets worth more than Rs 3 crores, and major general (retired) B C Khanduri with assets worth Rs 1 crore stands fourth. Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh has least assets, worth only Rs 6 lakhs. He also happens to be the only chief minister who has not declared his PAN details. Mayawati also governs the state which has maximum tainted MLAs in its assembly. Out of total 403 MLAs, UP has 143 MLAs with criminal cases pending against them.As many as 76 MLAs have serious charges. While UP has 35% tainted MLAs in its assembly, Uttarakhand with 24% tainted MLAs is at the second spot. Goa has 23% such MLAs, Punjab 17% and Manipur has 2% MLAs who have criminal cases pending against them. On the educational front, Uttarakhand chief minister B C Khanduri is most educated. He is a postgraduate while all other chief ministers are graduates. On the number of women MLAs in the state assemblies, UP has only 23 women MLAs, out of the total 403 MLAs. Manipur has none in its 60-strong assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394193", "title": "Mumbai for kids schooling interrupted", "text": "MUMBAI: Eight-year-old Sonia Pradhan was a normal student who loved extra-curricular activities as well as studying. However, Sonia gradually began to make excuses to not attend school. Her excuses became more frequent over time and her mother realized something was wrong.\"Everyday she would complain of headaches, stomach aches, body ache, fever and so on. She would excuse herself from going to school. We visited many neurosurgeons to understand what the problem was and they all told us that the problem was psychological,\" said Sonia's mother, Manisha.Five years after the excuses first began cropping up, Sonia has begun attending school again, but she still finds it difficult to attend regularly.Psychiatrists diagnose her problem as 'school phobia' or 'separation anxiety'. Separation anxiety occurs when a child becomes anxious as he or she has become separated from the primary caregiver, usually the mother. Psychiatrists say they have been dealing with an increasing number of school phobia and separation anxiety cases.\"The reasons for school phobia could be anything from eve teasing at school to a strict teacher to problems at home that affect the child's emotions and psychology. An increasing number of parents have been coming to us with such problems now,\" said Dr Harish Shetty, a psychiatrist.Sonia has been attending regular counselling sessions with a psychiatrist for the past five years after much deliberation by her family. \"This is not mental instability but psychological instability and I knew my daughter needed help. But I had a tough time convincing my family,\" said Manisha, who is part of a joint family.Similar problems had to be tackled by the Malhotras after 11-year-old Puneet began displaying such behaviour. A sudden attack of asthma hit his mother while Puneet was at home and he then became filled with the fear that he might lose her forever. \"He thought that he might lose his mother if he wasn't around her all the time. He would cry all the time or suddenly start coughing to the extent that he would throw up and still keep coughing,\" said Neelu Malhotra, Punnet's aunt.As in Sonia's case, the Malhotras needed convincing to get professional help. \"We knew the problem was psychological, but my brother-in-law was dead set against visiting a psychiatrist,\" said Neelu.While in class, Puneet would suddenly walk out as he felt \"suffocated\". Soon, he began returning home from school after one or two lectures. After detailed discussions between the doctor, parents and school representatives, it was decided that Punnet could skip classes till he was ready to return to school. \"My nephew didn't attend school for an entire year when he was in Class VII. All that time he attended regular sessions with a psychiatrist and his parents kept consoling him to ward off his panic,\" said Neelu.Sonia, meanwhile, showed stronger signs of refusal. \"She would throw things at us to keep us away,\" said the girl's mother. \"Once, she locked herself in the room and tied a cloth around her neck. We were too shocked to react.\" That was when her family finally decided to approach a psychiatrist.Dr Shetty stresses that there is no quick-fix cure in such cases. \"Schools as well as families need to understand that the healing is a very slow process,\" he said.While in both of the above cases, separation anxiety was termed as the sole cause of the behaviour, city psychiatrists say a number of school phobia cases have also been reaching their clinics.In many cases, it is children with a very high IQ who are slowly opting to not attend school. \"I am currently treating a child who hasn't gone to school for three weeks,\" said Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head of the psychiatry ward, KEM Hospital. \"She was yelled at by a teacher and when she shared this with her mother she was again yelled at for being mischievous. The child then completely stopped sharing her feelings with anybody.\" Parkar added that while such problems arise partly at schools, the major contributors to such fears come from immediate friends and relatives.With the help of psychiatrists, both Sonia and Puneet gradually began attending lectures again. \"Puneet would get fully dressed for school but only go up to the school gate for some days. A few weeks later he started walking into the school premises and then began attending one lecture a day,\" said Neelu. She added that school authorities were very helpful and supportive throughout.It took more than six months for Sonia to start going to class again, but the problem is far from solved. \"I still wake up with the fear that my daughter will suddenly announce that she will not go to school,\" said Manisha, who has started taking math tuitions herself. \"Since she's not attending school, at least I need to be up to date with her portion.\"(Names of students and their relatives have been changed.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11396071", "title": "More names enroll for UP polls", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The large induction of new voters in the electoral list points that people have taken interest to get the names enrolled. The district election office has come up with the list of 37,08,071 voters.As many as 20,47,035 men and 16,61,036 women voters are there in 12 Assembly segments of the district, including Phaphamau, Soraon, Phulpur, Pratappur, Handia, Meja, Karchana, Allahabad West, Allahabad North, Allahabad South, Bara and Koraon.Allahabad North Assembly constituency has the highest number of 3,48,227 voters. The constituency has 1,96,126 men and 1,52,101 women voters. Meja Assembly segment has the lowest strength of 2,78,105 voters of which 1,54,444 are men and 1,23,661 women.Allahabad North Assembly constituency has added the highest number of 68,777 new voters registered during the last three voters revision. The constituency had 2,79,450 voters till September 30 last year. Similarly, Koraon Assembly constituency has 44,057 new voters in the electoral list.The constituency has currently strength of 2,90,284 voters, with 1,56,260 men and 1,34,024 women. Till September 30, 2011, the constituency had 2,46,227 voters. Assembly segments like Phaphamau, Soraon, Phulpur, Pratappur, Handia, Karchana, Allahabad City West, Allahabad City South, Bara and Meja have added an average 40,000-55,000 voters after the three voters revision exercises. Allahabad West Assembly constituency has currently a strength of 3,41,519 voters, including 1,90,536 men and 1,50,983 women voters.Over 44,000 names of new voters have been added after the revision. Booth level officers ( BLO) are still carrying out door-to-door campaign to verify the electoral revision list and ensure that voters, whose names are somehow left, should be added after giving them form six to fill till January 12. Officials said that the voters, who have names in the electoral list but do not have photographs, should fill form No 8. And, if any voter whose name is already in voters list and died, then it is the responsibility of the family member to fill form No 7, so that the voters list could be updated. Officials claim that over 20,000 names might be added into the voters list till January 12.The voters who have not receive the photo identity card, need not worry. The officials assured that the remaining EPIC cards would soon be delivered on the addresses of the voters. EPICs are being dispatched to the voters. Voters, whose names have been included during first and second revision, have either received the EPIC or receive it within 48-72 hours. Similarly, voters, whose names were included in last revision work, would be getting the EPIC after January 12.Meanwhile, the district authorities have set up a helpline-cum-control room at district election office for those who want to enroll themselves in the voters list. The office has been carrying out an awareness campaign in each block, tehsil and city area, asking the voters to get the names enrolled at the earliest. The officials pointed out that there has been an increase of 31% in the number of voters in the district having a population of around 59.59 lakh. The registration of 61% voters of the total population is mandatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393531", "title": "PCMC corporator gets bail", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge N P Dhote on Friday granted bail to Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) corporator Prashant Krishnarao Shitole (34) of Sangvi in connection with a murder case.Shitole was granted bail of Rs 30,000 with one or two sureties of the like amount and directed to report at the Sangvi police station.Judge Dhote had rejected Shitole's first bail plea on November 26, 2010.Shitole's name figures in the first information report filed in the murder case of Tushar Rajendra Dhore (23), was killed during a clash between two groups in Sangvi on October 3, 2010.He had been arrested after he surrendered at the Chatushrungi police station on October 15.Shitole, who is also the former standing committee chairman of the PCMC, was directed not to leave the jurisdiction of the Pune district without seeking permission from the court. tnnThe prosecution had pleaded that the bail plea be rejected as there was sufficient evidence against Shitole to prove his involvement in the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11399263", "title": "Two minors among seven held for murder Bhayander RPI youth leader", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven youngsters, including two minors have been arrested by the Navghar police in connection with the murder of a RPI youth wing leader of Mira-Bhayander on December 30.Dilip Ingle, the youth leader of Republican Party of India (Athawale) was stabbed to death by unknown persons in the wee hours of December 30. Ingle was woken up from his sleep when the door bell rang at his Indira Nagar hutments home. He was approached by an unidentified man who said there was trouble in the locality. When Ingle went out, he was stabbed by a group of youngsters.The police picked up the seven youngsters from their homes in the same hutments in Bhayander (east). On questioning it was found that a previous enmity over politics had led to the killing. Ingle (32) too had a criminal record. Externment process was initiated against Ingle by the police.Among the arrested include Dhiraj Patil, Dhanraj Gangurde, Vijay Singh , Ravi Tagale and Vivek Torde, all in the age group of 18 to 20 years. They have been remanded to police custody till January 13 by the Thane sessions court. The minors have been send to the Bhiwandi Children Remand Home.According to the police, the Ingle who resided in the same locality used to threaten the youngsters, most of who belonged to the Shiv Sena party. The prime accused Patil, is the nephew of a local Sena corporator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11400753", "title": "Potter gave me young fans: Fiennes", "text": "Ralph Fiennes has attracted a new generation of fans because of the 'Harry Potter' franchise.The 49-year-old actor thinks it is \"amazing\" that so many young people have developed an interest in his career after he played the titular boy wizard's nemesis Lord Voldemort in the movie series.He said: \"It was an amazing thing to play Voldemort and to have so many younger people be curious now about what 'Voldemort' is going to do next is great.\"When doing 'The Tempest' on stage in London last year, so many 'Harry Potter' fans came to see the show. I had no idea when I took on the part what a ride it was going to be.\"Ralph also credited the movie series' director David Yates for pushing him hard in his performance as Voldemort.He said: \"David Yates would never let us move on from a moment unless he felt a proper density of performance going on.\"He was quite persistent in making sure we get everything out of a scene. Definitely.\"The actor urged people interested in pursing acting as a career to give it a go, believing they will learn quickly whether they are good enough to succeed.He told Elle magazine: \"If you feel this real hunger to do it, then you must do it. And quickly you will know if it works or if it doesn't.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393272", "title": "Minimum temperature up by 1 degree C", "text": "PUNE: The minimum temperature in the city was 13.6 degree C on Friday, one degree above that recorded on Thursday and 3 degrees higher than normal for this time of year.The maximum temperature too was 3 degrees above normal at 31.9 degree C.The IMD has forecast mainly clear skies with the maximum and minimum temperatures at around 32 degree C and 13 degree C respectively.Since Sunday, the minimum temperature has been above 12 degrees. This is in contrast to the below 10 degree C temperatures last week, under the influence of strong northerly winds flowing into the central and the peninsular India.It was only after cyclonic storm 'Thane' hit the Tamil Nadu coast on December 30 that the minimum temperatures started going up and went as high as 18.6 degree C on January 1.Barring a few exceptions like Ahmednagar, Jalgaon and Nashik, the minimum temperatures remained above normal in the central Maharashtra belt that stretches from Jalgaon in the north to Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre.Nashik recorded the state's lowest temperature at 8.6 degree C, followed by Jalgaon at 10.8 degree C, Ahmednagar at 11.4 degree C and Malegaon at 12 degree C. Minimum temperatures remained mostly above the 15 degree C mark in the south central Maharashtra areas of Satara, Sangli and Kolhapur. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11394644", "title": "4 jumbos dead in the last 2 days in Erode district", "text": "COIMBATORE: Carcasses of four elephants have been found in three forest ranges in Erode district in a span of two days, forest officials confirmed.A five-year-old female elephant was found dead in Kothamangalam forests under Bhavani Sagar range of Sathyamangalam on Thursday. Officials suspect that the elephant may have been killed by a tiger. Pug marks of a single tiger have been found near the carcass.According to Sathyamangalam DFO N Sathish, even a single tiger can kill an elephant below the age of five for meat. A large portion of the flesh was found eaten by the carnivorous animal.Meanwhile, a 40-year-old male elephant was found dead in the Athani region of Anthiyur in South Bergur on Friday. Forest Officials said the animal died due to formation of worms in the liver. The aged elephant's health had been deteriorating for a while. The carcass was buried in the evening.In the Chennampatty forest range, a 20-year-old female elephant and her three weeks old female calf were found dead on Friday morning. After delivery, the mother elephant faced complications as the placenta was not removed from her womb and the animal developed stomach and lung infections.For the last three weeks, the elephant was unable to consume food. She collapsed and died while going to drink water in a nearby pond. The calf also died instantly as the mother fell on her body.During 2011, at least 23 elephants died in the district, officials said. There are about 1200 elephants in the district's forest ranges.\"Of this, three elephants died due to electrocution, one was killed by poachers while 19 others died of natural causes,\" said D Arun, district conservator of forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11395751", "title": "\u2018SMEs in MP need to broaden vision for growth\u2019", "text": "INDORE: \"Availability of funds is not a problem for small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Madhya Pradesh. What the SMEs need to do is to broaden the mindset and vision to grow. The SMEs will have to ensure consistent cash-flow and improvement in their employee productivity,\" said KV Srinivasan, CEO, Reliance Commercial.He was in Indore for a day-long seminar on small and medium enterprises conclave, which was held by Mirchi Upswing, on Wednesday. Thinking of getting treatment by the lenders at par with the big corporate houses was not a practical idea, he reminded.Talking to ToI, Srinivasan said that there was a fantastic opportunity coming up for SMEs in the state. However, they had to change the mindset to grow their business further, he added. The SMEs may also look at sources like private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) for raising funds, before they come up with an IPO.The SMEs should try to bring in those outside investors who may also bring expertise of their respective domain with them, said Manoj Jain, MD &amp; CEO, SFSL, which has already gone for first round of funding from a VC firm. When it comes to PE investors, they are there only for a period of 3-5 years before exiting. Hence, the SMEs must have their long-term business plan ready before going for PE funding, added Jain.The entrepreneurs must know the fact that the margin money was thin and accruals were late. Above all, funding from outside has a cost, warned Subhash Mathur, president, Pithampur unit of Rosy Blue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11395339", "title": "If they spot the signs, students can stave off an attack: Experts", "text": "PANAJI: \"Students need to be educated that molestation is a reality today,\" says psychiatrist Peter Castelino, \"And since this is a reality, students need to maintain certain boundaries; they should know that their contact with teachers should not be too close.\"Reacting to the alleged molestation of a 17-year-old girl student by her teacher, registered as a case in Panaji on Thursday, counsellors and psychiatrists told TOI that much needs to be done to ensure that students can protect themselves from such abuse.\"When sexual abuse takes place, the child goes through several feelings... shock, denial, guilt, anger. The guilt is because they feel they are responsible for the person molesting them,\" explains the Mapusa-based mental health expert.Andrea Gomes of the Don Bosco counselling centre at Panaji-Carreno-adds, \"Once a child is molested, she/he has a feeling of fear and of being used. A sense of worthlessness develops. Sometimes, depending on the molester, the child may feel guilt and shame as his or her trust has been destroyed.\"It is therefore important that children should be made aware of the signals to look out for before the advances or the act occurs. \"The child should be made aware of the difference between good and bad touch and the nature of sexual advances,\" says Gomes.She adds that children should also be taught not to accept anything that they don't feel comfortable with and should be given the confidence to tell the person that the advances are not acceptable.Castelino says teachers should be restrained in their contact with students. \"Their contact with students should be during working hours only. Calling for private tuitions should be avoided and the staff should be made aware of the consequences they can face if they are involved in sexual abuse.\"Both add that students should be provided with an environment at school and at home which are free for them to speak out in when such incidents occur. \"It is important for family to be supportive. Quite often the child is not believed, which makes the trauma the child is going through worse,\" says Gomes.Castelino feels that those \"who feel tempted\" to make one-sided sexual advances should seek help from counsellors or psychiatrists \"before it is too late\".And how will a child survive such a traumatic experience? \"With time and ample support from family and friends the child will hopefully learn to come to terms with the incident and move on in life,\" says Castelino.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394357", "title": "Uma Bharati joins anti-Kushwaha war cry", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP's Babu Singh Kushwaha headache won't go away anytime soon. Friday began with BJP's firebrand leader Uma Bharati throwing a tantrum over the controversial BSP man's induction and while it was later \"clarified\" that reports of her threatening to withdraw from campaigning were incorrect, the Kushwaha pot continues to bubble and boil.Bharati kept alive speculation of her unhappiness over the entry of Kushwaha - a main accused in UP's Rs 2,000 crore National Rural Health Mission scam - by saying she would air her views only within the party. \"I will tell what I feel to my party's leaders,\" she said . The disclaimer that she was not calling off her campaign came later.Party sources said Bharati's \"real\" grouse was BJP's reluctance to give party tickets to some members of her erstwhile Bharatiya Janshakti Party, but clearly admitting Kushwaha into the party has led to an open season of discontent. Bharati's grandstanding forced BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman to repeatedly clarify that the leader was not sulking.While BJP is also lukewarm to Bharati contesting herself, the number of BJP MPs going public with their criticism of the party leadership continues to increase with Aonla MP Maneka Gandhi saying BJP had erred in letting Kushwaha into the party. \"People who have looted the country and enjoyed the fruits of power are taken into the party,\" Maneka said.Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath has been airing his strident opposition to Kushwaha and did not relent on Friday either, saying he and other leaders who felt similarly about the decision to induct Kushwaha were ready to quit BJP. The party reiterated BJP president Nitin Gadkari's view expressed at the party's central election committee meeting that Kushwaha will have to face criminal charges against him and the law would take its own course.He did not refer to specific charges against Kushwaha. Senior leaders pointed out that the move had caused \"incalculable\" damage to the BJP as it has sought to project itself as serious about confronting graft.Four days after Kushwaha was ushered into the BJP, the mist over his induction is lifting with the decision seen to be based on surveys, the expertise of a UP leader who commands the trust of the leadership as a demographic expert and an RSS organizing secretary for UP. The BJP leadership felt that while Lodhs and Kurmis were gravitating towards the party, the Kushwaha community was still immune to the party's blandishments. The party was told that if the Kushwaha factor was managed, the BJP could be in the reckoning on something like 100 seats.BJP leader Yashwant Sinha was hard put to defend the decision, describing Kushwaha as a \"whistle blower\" who would expose Mayawati. BJP leaders pointed out that by taking Kushwaha on board, \"we are moving around the country explaining why the man is not a criminal\". Instead of BJP asking Congress questions on corruption, the shoe is on the other leg with the UPA lead player gleefully taking digs at the saffron party.BJP spokespersons said the decision to use Kushwaha as a \"weapon\" against Mayawati was not taken in haste. It was suggested that UP leaders were consulted as were some central leaders. Gadkari is believed to be sticking to his decision. So far, senior leaders like L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj and M M Joshi have not pressed their opposition to the point of demanding that the decision be rescinded.Some feel the Kushwaha card may not work, but now that BJP has already taken him into the party, to throw him out could also be a problem as the OBCs that BJP is looking to woo because of him may turn against BJP. Gadkari is also in touch with party leaders like Adityanath, Maneka, Kirti Azad and others who have opposed Kushwaha's induction. \"Kushwaha represents a very backward class community. He has come into the party and we have welcomed him... SP, BSP and Congress are not serving the OBCs. They are engaged in minority appeasement,\" Sitharaman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11397568", "title": "'Major expansion, modernisation of coast guard underway'", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian Coast Guard is in the process of activating four new stations and two air stations besides inducting over 12 ships and 10 aircraft in its force in the immediate future as part of a major expansion and modernisation drive, an official said today.\"The capacity building projects of the Coast Guard and Marine Police are under full swing. We are in the process of activating four new stations, two new air stations besides inducting more than 20 ships and 10 aircraft in the immediate future,\" Coast Guard Regional Commander (East) Inspector General Satya Prakash Sharma said.He was speaking at a function at the Chennai Port where three Coast Guard ships - ICGS Avvayar, ICGS Habbah Khatun and ICGS Rani Jindan were decommissioned with full military honours, a Coast Guard release said.Sharma said a major expansion and modernisation plan of the coast guard was underway and it was important to \"pay off these ships.\"The coastal areas have rapidly grown as major economic hubs and industrialisation along with the development of sea ports and power generation including nuclear plants close to the coast \"required utmost vigil and preparedness\" on the part of the Coast Guard, the release quoted him as having said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11395909", "title": "Delay in land acquisition stalls Lingaraj road construction", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Though the state government floated a nearly Rs 2 crore tender for a proposed road connecting Lingaraj temple and Kotitirtheswar temple here a few months ago, the construction work is yet to take off following a delay in issuing the non objection certificate (NOC) by the state endowment wing.The 600-meter proposed road includes 998 decimal land of Lingaraj. Since endowment wing is the custodian of the Lingaraj temple, the former should issue NOC to the public works department (PWD) to go ahead with the construction.\"We had written to the endowment commissioner seeking NOC two months ago. But we are yet to receive a reply, delaying the construction work,\" said Lingaraj temple's executive officer Abani Pattnaik. \"An endowment inspector has been engaged to a make field visit and submit a report,\" a senior endowment official said.Sources said the endowment wing has asked the shrine trust to formally acquire the land by paying a certain amount, but the temple body is reluctant to do so. \"We do not have funds. Besides, it is government land and we just want to develop it to attract tourists,\" a shrine officer said.Sources said the proposed road also includes some patches of land of Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC). Around 69 decimal of private land has already been acquired for the road.The tourism department and PWD will develop a three-acre parking area near the proposed road, which will ease off traffic near the temple. Pilgrims will park vehicles near the Devi Padahara tank and walk to the Shiva shrine.To keep the temple front spacious and open, the government will demolish the row of shops in front of the shrine. Around 20 shops would be razed down and other encroachments will also be removed. Nearly 282 decimal of private land will be acquired for development purpose, sources said.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had recently announced to turn the Lingaraj temple area into a mega tourist circuit by renovating the Bindusagar pond and other religious institutions in the locality. The government will also set up a tourist interpretation centre near the Lingaraj temple. Tourists visiting the 11th century Shiva shrine can be updated about the historical relevance and rituals of almost all the major temples of Bhubaneswar at the interpretation centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11394480", "title": "MCG joins push for \u2018toll hatao\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: The agitation pressing for the removal of the two toll plazas on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway got a fresh impetus with the councillors unanimously deciding to get rid of them. The mayor has in fact sought an appointment with Union highways minister C P Joshi and Rahul Gandhi to discuss the issue at hand.\"Gurgaon is the only city that has two toll plazas in such close proximity to the municipal limit, which I think is against the rules,\" said mayor Vimal Yadav. Saying that the toll plazas were adding to the congestion rather than easing it, Yadav said, \"I will soon be meeting the Union highways minister to find out the best way in which we can do so and I will also try to meet (Congress general secretary) Rahul Gandhi and apprise him of the turmoil commuters face every single day at the toll plaza.\"The mayor said that since the private concessionaire in question was doing well financially regardless of their toll income, \"there is no reason why these toll plazas should not be removed.\" For the past one month various pressure groups and residents' welfare organizations have been protesting against the existence of these toll booths and have found support from various political parties such as BJP and INLD.In fact, on Monday they even succeeded in forcibly opening the toll gates providing free passage to hundreds of vehicles at the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza. Many commuters have welcomed this move and are hoping that this turns into reality. \"It simply does not make any sense to have these toll plazas when the private concessionaire has failed to even provide basic facilities and miserably failed to prevent the traffic mess along the expressway and mainly at the toll plaza,\" said Vijay Sharma, a daily commuter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11394510", "title": "Pele returns, with pack of legends", "text": "KOLKATA: A constellation of yesteryear soccer legends, with the king himself at the head of the pack, will gift this football-crazy city another memorable sporting evening, four months after Lionel Messi weaved his magic at the Yuvabharati Krirangan.On January 23, the city will have its second tryst with three-time World Cup winner Pele when a Superstars XI, led by Brazilian Cafu, takes on the Baichung Bhutia-captained Indian XI in a charity tie. The proceeds of the match will go to the Football Players' Association of India, of which Baichung is the president. \"Pele has accepted our offer and will be here as ambassador of the world stars' outfit. He may also come here to promote the 2014 World Cup in Brazil,\" said Sunil Hamal, CEO of JPR Events, which is organizing the match.More than three decades back, in 1977, Pele-mania had sent the city into delirious fits as Cosmos played Mohun Bagan in an exhibition tie in front of 80,000 fans at the Eden Gardens.\"This is, in reality, the only chance of an Indian team beating a World XI. Cafu and others have long retired from the game whereas we will have some running legs in our side. It's a dream come true for me and any other footballer to play in front of Pele. And winning the match will be an icing on the cake for us,\" said Baichung, who will play his international testimonial match against Bayern Munich at Delhi's Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Tuesday.The Superstars XI are on a tour of 20 countries. They will also visit Bangladesh and Sri Lanka before going to other Asian nations like Indonesia , Malaysia , Mauritius , Japan, Singapore and Thailand later in the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11394130", "title": "Drama festival in Dharwad from today", "text": "DHARWAD: Abhinaya Bharati, a cultural organization will host a two-day 'Hemant Drama Festival' of Neenasam plays at Srujana auditorium in Dharwad on Saturday and Sunday.On Saturday Neenasam team will stage Vivek Shanbhag's 'Kantu' (director: Channakeshav). On Sunday it will stage Kannada play 'Nammolagina Basheera' written by Vaikam Mohemmed Basheer and directed by Rajeev Krishnan. The show will commence at 6.30pm on both the days. Abhinaya Bharati secretary Arvind Kulkarni said the tickets on concession would be available to students at Srujana on production of identity cards.Special Lecture: Orthopedician Dr M I Sheikh will speak on Common man's life and corruption at Karnatak Vidyavardhaka Sangha in Dharwad on Saturday at 6pm under the Gadigeyya Honnapurmath Endowment lecture series. Shivanna Bellad will preside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394189", "title": "Sukhram not in coma, say doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former union minister Sukhram, convicted in a 1993 telecom scam and ordered to surrender, is not in a state of coma, doctors attending on him said, contradicting his counsel's submission in a court here that he cannot move from hospital as he is in a coma.\"It may be clarified that Shri Sukhramji was never in coma while in hospital,\" Dr Wasi U Khan, Medical Superintendent, Metro Heart Institute, Lajpat Nagar, where Sukhram is admitted, said in a statement.\"His condition is generally stable other than mild drowsiness because of low sodium,\" Dr Sandeep Chatrath Group chief, Metro Group of Hospitals, said.The former minister's counsel told the Delhi High court on Friday that Sukhram \"has gone into coma, he cannot move from hospital\".Sukhram, was directed by the SC to surrender before the trial court on Thursday but he expressed inability to do so citing medical reasons. He was admitted to the Metro Heart Institute on December 31, 2011, after he complained of severe chest pain. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11394378", "title": "Woman held with drugs worth Rs 80 lakh", "text": "KARWAR: In a joint operation, Karwar rural police and railway police arrested a woman for carrying drugs in Karwar railway station on Friday morning. According to police, 28-year-old Golma Devi was carrying the 4.25 kg of charas worth Rs 80 lakh.Superintendent of Police K T Balakrishna said on Friday that Golma hails from Hulu in Himachal Pradesh. \"Though Golma was caught red-handed with the bag full of charas, her accomplice Narayan Singh Rathod escaped. Both were carrying the drugs to Goa. Police were checking luggages as part of the Sagara Kavacha mock drill in Karwar railway station when the accused was caught.\"\"Cops at the railway station observed that Golma and her accomplice were loitering around suspiciously. The cops immediately approached them to check their bags and found a huge quantity of drugs. The final estimation is not out but it's expected to touch Rs 80 lakh,\" Balakrishna said.The police are on a lookout for Narayan. \"This is the first case where a huge quantity of drugs were seized,\" he said.Narayan has been staying in Karwar for four years and was selling vegetables with one Maneshwar Gowda. Meanwhile, Golma alleges that she has no role in drug trafficking. She claimed the bag belonged to Narayan and she wasn't even aware of the contents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395442", "title": "Doc donating new mindset on organ donation", "text": "NAGPUR: Dr Sunil Shroff, managing trustee and founder of Chennai-based Multi-Organ Harvesting Aid Network (Mohan) Foundation, is known for his passion and devotion in helping people needing organ donation since 1997, when he started the foundation. From a humble beginning, the organization has facilitated over 500 donations in the last 15 years not just in Chennai but in other cities like Hyderabad, Vishakhapatnam, Coimbatore and Bangalore.Dr Shroff has been tirelessly promoting organ donation across the country. The foundation plans to soon start an office in the city to help the Zonal Transplant Coordination Centre (ZTCC). It will also create awareness, especially on cadaver donation, and provide professional training to create transplant coordinators who can act as link between hospitals, citizens, donors and patients requiring organ donation.Shroff was in the city for an informal meeting with ZTCC members and spoke exclusively to TOI. Excerpts:Q: You are known as a crusader for organ donation. But don't you agree that despite all efforts even educated people still are not forthcoming in donating organs of their relatives after death.A: True. And very sad indeed! But that in no way should stop us from continuing our efforts to promote the cause. Mindsets of people won't change overnight. It is a long drawn out, but there is hope as attitudes are changing.Q: We heard Mohan foundation is keen to support ZTCC, which is yet to start its work in the city.A: Yes. We are always ready to support anyone seeking our guidance and help create awareness about organ donation. Dr Ravi Wankhede, who has himself donated a kidney to a friend, approached me and is keen on facilitating the work of ZTCC to promote organ donation.Q: Do you feel government bodies like ZTCC can bring the needed change?A: Difficult to comment. But committee or no committee, awareness alone will bring the change. It will happen. Logistically it is viable if the hospitals have the will and the infrastructure. The medical fraternity has failed to pull its act together. Hospitals and doctors need to rise to the occasion.Q: How exactly do you plan to support Nagpur in creating awareness about organ donation?A: The foundation can begin with a three-month pilot project in the city and start an office to generate volunteers who could work as 'transplant coordinators'. Foundation would give them professional training in motivating public at large, and doctors and hospitals in particular for the cause. However, I want to make it very clear that these coordinators, who can be social work graduates, would act as link between people, hospitals, doctors and patients, should take up the cause as a job. We need to look for agencies that could support their salaries.Q: Do you think government and NGOs need to work in tandem to create right kind of awareness. Myths and misconceptions still rule the people.A: Yes, very much. Creation of ZTCC in itself is a big opportunity. But still lots needs to be done. We need to have an organ donation cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11395757", "title": "Punjab Polls: Sons &amp; daughters tilt in Cong list", "text": "CHANDIGARH: By the fag end of a disma , overcast day, almost every district in Punjab's three regions, Malwa, Majha, and Doaba, had erupted. Seething Congressmen, who were denied tickets, were swearing revenge and sending ultimatums to the high command. With thousands clamouring for 114 Congress tickets, those left out in the cold are expected to create trouble for their own party.That's not a promising start for the Congress which hopes anti-incumbency will sweep the Shiromani Akali Dal-BJP combine out of power.The chosen ones - who were on a week-long vigil in Delhi waiting for the list - are now rushing to their favoured religious place for thanksgiving. With little over three weeks left for polling, they might well be seeking divine intervention for stemming rebellion against their candidature. Late chief minister Beant Singh's daughter Gurkanwal Kaur, Mahila Congress president and former MLA Malti Thapar , and scores of have-beens vented their anger in public. A dismayed PCC president Amarinder Singh had to face the ire of his younger brother and ticket aspirant Malwinder Singh, who is now planning to contest as independent . It was family war: He was pipped to the post by Amarinder's son Raninder Singh for the Samana seat.In fact, the anger of nearly all those denied tickets is directed at top Punjab Congress leaders: Amarinder Singh, CLP leader Rajinder Kaur Bhattal , MPs Preneet Kaur , Manish Tewari and Mahinder Kaypee. The charge against them is they have all got their kin and loyalists into the list at the cost of \"true grassroots leaders\" .At least eight Congress councillors in Ludhiana have warned the party to either withdraw ex-MLA Surinder Dawar's ticket by Sunday or accept their resignations. Dawar is Amarinder's and Manish Tewari's choice . Bhattal's son-in-law Vikram Bajwa , a newcomer to Sahnewal near Ludhiana , has locals baying for his blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396481", "title": "Balamuralikrishna flips 81, says he\u2019s 18", "text": "BANGALORE: With his immense versatility in all the fields of music, his mesmerizing voice, his unique way of rendering the compositions, legend M Balamuralikrishna has held sway over millions. Having collaborated with the top musicians in the Hindustani circle, the maestro who has over 25,000 concerts to his credit, is also one of the pioneers in the 'jugalbandi' concerts.On the eve of a fusion music concert in the city on Saturday, he said he was not 81, but 18. Excerpts:Are youngsters still listening to Carnatic music? How comfortable are you with the concept of fusion music? Any good music pleasing to the ears is Carnatic music. I have done a lot of fusion music, with many artistes all over the world. I quite enjoy collaborating with musicians from all genres and creating some good music. And any singer who knows Carnatic classical music will be capable of rendering songs in all genres, be it contemporary, Rock, Jazz or any other form.Do you listen to popular songs like 'Kolaveri di' and 'Chikni Chameli'? I have not heard the songs. If they have become popular, they must be good. Possibly with the singer being Rajinikanth's son-in-law, the song has become a big hit.Music and medical health, how does the combination work? I have done research in my own significant way and found that music does help in soothing the nerves of an ill person and eventually helps the patient recover fast. We need to have an institution which will put in extensive research work in this field and scientifically establish the benefits of music therapy.Fusion concert on SaturdayBalamuralikrishna will perform with British Indian Fusion violonist Jyotsna Srikanth at 'Carnatic Jazz and World Fusion Concert' at Ravindra Kalakshetra on Saturday at 6.30 pm.You have sung in all regional languages, any plans to shift base to Bangalore? Make provisions for me to settle down in Bangalore and I shall be glad to be in this city forever. This city is my second home and I keep coming back to perform here. If I sing something (any raga) and you as an audience like it, my job is done and that becomes my favourite raga too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "11393862", "title": "Nitish holds Janata Darbar at Purnia", "text": "PURNIA: \"If no one comes to my rescue, I will either become another Rupam Pathak or commit suicide,\" wailed Naznoon Khatoon, a victim of domestic violence of Forbesganj in Araria district before chief minister Nitish Kumar at his Janata Darbar at Indira Gandhi Stadium, Purnia, on Friday. This victim of domestic violence, Naznoon Khatoon, wailed how her maternal uncle, who apart from fattening on the small earnings of both her mother, Haseena Khatoon and herself, sexually abused her. When her efforts to save herself against uncle's tyranny came to naught, she said she had no option left but to appear at the CM's Janata Durbar, with hope. The CM promptly asked the Purnia DIG to address her problem.Another villager Santosh Kumar Mandal of Khairapur village in Bhagalpur district sobbed inconsolably while narrating how his father was abducted by the land mafia to usurp their family land in 1999. Though he was rescued, the land mafia implicated the entire family on trumped up charges of murder. His family's land property fell in adjacent Madhepura district. On CM's direction, Purnia DIG called his Kosi counterpart and suggested prompt action.A large number of people from across Purnia, Kosi and even Bhagalpur divisions braved the chilly morning and streamed in at the Janata Darbar since early Friday morning. The CM, who walked in around 10.30am, gave a patient hearing and collected their complaints and grievances which were carried in several bags. A torrent of complaints and grievances poured in. Most of the complaints related to education, power and usurpation of government and Bhoodan land across Purnia division, according to co-operative minister Ramadhar Singh. The people narrated how the land mafia was trampling on the rights of others. Senior bosses of the various departments, particularly HRD, vigilance, police and health were often summoned on the public address system, and given necessary instructions by the CM.A huge chorus of cheers greeted the CM when he, throwing all security concerns, headed towards the crowd which had broken through the tight security cover and gate-crashed into the stadium, furrowing the eyebrows of the police as well as the civil administration. The top brass literally scampered towards the gate and personally tried to stem the human tide. Amid shouts of \"CM Nitish Kumar zindabad\", the CM wrapped up his three-and-a-half hour Janata Darbar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396169", "title": "Eatery kitchen fire ravages school too", "text": "BANGALORE: Students of SN English School, Rhenius Street off Richmond Road in Shantinagar had a providential escape after a fire broke out in an adjoining building late Friday evening.The school was partially gutted in the blaze that erupted a couple of hours after children left for the day. The building in which the fire broke out housed Wazir's Restaurant. The fire was noticed at 7.15pm. It is suspected to have originated in the kitchen. Police said there were two customers and eight workers in the restaurant but no one suffered injuries. Three fire tenders rushed to the spot and took 45 minutes to douse the flames. \"The school had closed. Else, there would have been many casualties,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "11395397", "title": "8 fishermen released by Lanka", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Eight fishermen of the 13, detained by the Sri Lankan Navy few days back have been released.The release comes in the wake of the mechanised boat fishermen threatening to go on an indefinite strike in Rameswaram demanding the Centre to ensure the release of their counterparts detained in Sri Lanka. However, five others who were held in the month of November last year are yet to be releasedThe fishermen, who met on Friday, prior to the news of the fishermen's release reached them, had decided to strike work on Saturday and would continue if the release of the Indian fishermen was delayed. Now that eight of the 13 fishermen are released, the tempers have cooled a bit. However, fishermen said that they would stage a token strike on Saturday against the detentions by the island navy.While five fishermen were detained in November last year by the Sri Lankan navy and jailed in the island nation, four were held on January 3 and four more on January 5. The fishermen demanded that the Centre should immediately get the fishermen released from Sri Lanka and vowed to continue the strike till their release.The five fishermen held in November last year near Neduntheevu islet, including a 22-year-old youth from Rameswaram were booked on charges of drug smuggling by the Lankan police and were produced in the court and sent to Jaffna prison. The Mallagam Court on December 5 extended their remand till December 19 and once again extended the remand till January 2. Fishermen in Ramanathapuram said that the court again extended their remand till January 16. The boat belonging to the fishermen is also held in Lanka. The fishermen charged that the Sri Lankan government has foisted cases of drug running on the fishermen. They also charged that the Central government had failed to protect the fishermen who earn multi-million dollar foreign exchange for the country.Fisheries officials said that remaining eight fishermen - four detained on January 3 and four on January 5 - have been released by the Sri Lankan government and it was only a question of the fishermen reaching Rameswaram shores.Meanwhile, members of the Seafarers Association observed a fast in Tuticorin demanding the Centre to take initiative and secure a sailor from Tuticorin who was allegedly taken captive by Somalian pirates four months back.The members of the association, who observed a fast said that Daniston, of Punnakayal in Tuticorin district, a sailor in MV Asphalt Venture was taken captive by Somalian pirates. The pirates had raided the vessel and all the 15 persons on board were taken as captives. After talks by the company owning the vessel with the pirates, eight of the sailors were released. However, the remaining eight are still in the clutches of the pirates, including Daniston. The other captives are from states like Punjab, Kerala, Maharastra and Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11008051", "title": "Sanjay Dutt's Ferrari taken for a ride?", "text": "Buzz is that Sanjay Dutt's 5 crore swanky Ferrari isn't getting royal treatment like it should have on the sets of Vidhu Vinod Chopra's 'Ferrari Ki Sawari'.The Ferrari pile-up might have happened in Japan but the same seems to be happening in tinsel-town as well. Sanjay Dutt's slick car doesn't seem to be enjoying a very pleasant ride in Bollywood.It's known news that Sanjay Dutt has lent his red Ferrari for the shoot of Vidhu Vinod Chopra's upcoming flick Ferrari Ki Sawari . And if sources are to be believed, the 5-crore automobile isn't in the pink of health. Rather it's seeing red!A source informs us, \"The film is currently being shot in Navi Mumbai, and the car is being prominently used for some important sequences. But if Sanjay Dutt was to see the way the car is being mishandled, he wouldn't be too happy. The car is being transported using towing trucks. Also though Sanjay Dutt has given strict instructions that not anyone and everyone can use the Ferrari, some unit-members have been seen sitting inside it\".Ferrari is a rare luxury in India and Sanjay Dutt who is a proud owner of a Ferrari 599 GTB lent it to good friend Vidhu Vinod Chopra for film. One can imagine how important Ferrari is to the film, which almost happens to be a title character in it. Sanju Baba had also given special lessons to Sharman Joshi (who plays the lead in the film) on handling the vehicle.We wonder how he would react on learning this news though. It may just drive him crazy!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11394271", "title": "State firm's MD named in FIR for illegal power connection", "text": "THANE: The Vartak Nagar police have registered an FIR against the managing director of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co Ltd, Ajoy Mehta, and seven other MSEDCL officials over allegations of a Thane hospital illegally extending its power connection to a hotel.A case of cheating and criminal breach of trust has been registered against the IAS officer and the others on the orders of a magistrate's court after hearing out a complaint filed by a Thane activist, Vinayak More.The principal charge against the MSEDCL officials is their alleged \"connivance\" with the proprietor of Jupiter Hospital, which is accused of illegally extending its electricity connection to Fortune Park LakeCity hotel without authorization or installation of new meters by the power company. Cops said the FIR also includes the owner of the hospital and the manager of the hotel.Explaining the case, More said: \"The hotel did not have a separate electricity connection and would draw power from the hospital, which is located in the same compound. Though both are purely commercial enterprises, the nature of business is different. The hotel was using power provided to the hospital and a payment of over Rs 89 lakh was to be recovered by the MSEDCL for the same,\" said More.The activist claimed that he brought the issue to the notice of the local MSEDCL officials, but they did not take any action. \"It's a clear case of misusing a public utility. Despite several reminders to initiate action against the hospital and stop power supply to the hotel, the local officials failed to act. This compelled me to take up the matter with their MD, Ajoy Mehta, on August 2, 2010,\" More said.A bill of Rs 89.4 lakh was then generated, said More. The dues were, however, never cleared as the recovery committee of the power agency ruled in favour of the hospital.An MSEDCL spokesperson said the company did not incur any loss as claimed by the complainant. \"Members of our top committee had quashed the bill raised by our local authorities after a scrutiny of the hospital records. At the time of granting power connection to the hospital, the management had informed that their second building would also be a commercial venture. We raised the bill in keeping their consumption on the then prevailing tariff and there is no loss of revenue for us,\" he added.Officials at the hospital declined to comment, saying they have not received any intimation from the police or the court in the case. \"We will issue a statement only after verifying the complaint,\" a spokesperson told TOI.\"It was a serious offence. The MSEDCL was at fault as it did not register any case against the hospital for the illegal power-sharing pact with the hotel. Also, on receiving my complaint and verification of facts, the power connection to the hotel should have been stopped but this, too, was not done. So, it amounted to criminal breach of trust and cheating by public servants,\" More contended.Inspector Narsimha Patil said 10 people have been booked under Sections 406, 408,409,418 and 420 of the IPC.The MSEDCL officials named in the FIR are Mehta, Shegaokar (superintending engineer, Thane), Satish Karpe (chief engineer), Dattatray Wavhal (director, finance), Sharad Dabhade (director, administration), Abhijit Deshpande (executive director, commercial), A L Alaspurkar (chief legal adviser) and Pandit (former executive engineer, Thane).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11398996", "title": "DJ Aksah to remix Bappi Lahiri's song", "text": "Bappi Lahiri is no longer in a dirty mood. Well, no reading between the lines here. Over and done with \"Ooh la la\" from \"The Dirty Picture\", the composer has moved on to his next, \"Boka chor\", in Dhumketu Punatar's musical comic caper, \"It's Rocking Dard-E-Disco\", which is all set to be directed by Ashok Tyagi. What's more, he is getting the song remixed by none other than DJ Akash!\"We had a meeting, recently. It's a new track with a video. I've heard the number and even saw the video. It was a mutual decision to do the remix. \"Boka chor\", which literally means a foolish thief, has uproarious lyrics,\" says Akash. Blame it on the \"Kolaveri\" effect, the song also has a few Tamil words in it apart from Hindi and Bengali.The song, says the DJ, has tremendous potential to become the next big thing at discs. So, how has it been working with Bappida? \"He is undoubtedly a great singer. I have worked with his son, Bappa in the film, \"Apartment\". So, that way I have had the first-hand experience of collaborating with Bappi Jr. The cake was baked, now the icing is done.\" Akash is currently busy working on two versions of the remix. \"The desi style remix will fea ture on the film's soundtrack, while the club version will be played at discs. It will be handed out to the DJs. If you want to enjoy the funky version, club is the place to be.\"Heaping praises on the composersinger, Akash adds that he is bowled over by his Bappida's down-to-earth nature. \"Aap kitne bhi bade ban jao, there's no end to learning. That's what I have learnt from Bappida. He is always excited about a new track.\" The DJ says, given an opportunity, he would love to remix Bappida's famous numbers \"Yaad aa raha hai tera pyaar\" and \"Jimmy, Jimmy\". That would be no less than striking gold, we say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11398724", "title": "Trai seeks industry views on exit policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that will pave the way for the exit of unsuccessful telecom service providers from the business, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) today issued a pre-consultation paper on a proposed exit policy for various telecom licence holders.\"To solicit the comments and views from all the stakeholders on issues, implications... to the individual licensees, to the government revenues and to the telecom sector as a whole on the exit policy for various telecom licences, Trai has released a pre-consultation paper,\" Trai said in a statement.The last date for submission of responses is January 16, 2012.The regulator said the Department of Telecommunications had requested it in December, 2011, to recommend an exit policy for licencees of all types of licences that wish to exit from provisioning of telecom services under a licence.Trai has asked for stakeholders' views on the proposed policy on surrender of spectrum by telecom players and if any refund should be made, along with other provision for the telecom exit policy.At present, there is an exit option for Internet Service Providers ( ISP), but not for other telecom licence holders.ISPs who have already started Internet services and want to surrender the licence are permitted to do so without any surrender charges, provided they gives due notice to subscribers.In the case of ISPs that have missed the deadline for roll-out of Internet services, they have the option to surrender the licence by paying 5 per cent of the Performance Bank Gurantee (PGB) as a surrender charge within six months of notification.All ISPs that have not rolled out services and want to surrender licenses may be allowed to do so within six months from the date of notification by paying 2.5 per cent of the PBG as surrender charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11396685", "title": "UGDP-GVP inch closer to poll alliance", "text": "MARGAO: Notwithstanding initial hiccups, talks between the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) and the fledgling Goa Vikas Party (GVP) appear to have covered much ground, though differences still exist over the seat sharing arrangement.Speaking to TOI, UGDP secretary general Anacleto Viegas said the talks have been \"quite fruitful\" so far. Though he hinted that the two parties were inching towards an alliance, Viegas maintained that UGDP would field candidates in at least 22-25 constituencies. \"We are holding talks, but there is a long way to go. We are working for the common good,\" Viegas said. GVP supremo Francisco \"Mickky\" Pacheco, when contacted, remained tightlipped over the progress of the talks.\"We are talking. Nothing has been finalized yet,\" he said. As per the seat sharing arrangement worked out so far, UGDP would contest in Cuncolim, Navelim, Velim and Quepem constituencies in South Goa and would also field its candidates in St Andre , Calangute and Mapusa in North Goa assembly segments, Viegas said.The arrangement has facilitated the GVP to contest in Nuvem, Benaulim, Curtorim and Cortalim constituencies, where Pacheco has already announced his candidates. ZP members Nelly Rodrigues (Cortalim) and Domnick Gaonkar (Curtorim), Caetano D'Silva (Benaulim) and Pacheco (Nuvem) will contest on the GVP tickets, sources said.\"We will be putting up very good candidates who do not have a past and carry no baggage,\" Viegas said, but declined to divulge any names. \"We are scrutinizing the merits of the candidates on a continuous basis,\" he said. Former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha, who had contested the last assembly elections on the UGDP ticket, has taken all talk about the regional outfits' alliance with a pinch of salt. \"What sort of alliance is this? The idea is good, I am very happy that the regional parties are coming together, but the larger goal should be the welfare of Goans and not indulging in manipulative tactics. I welcome all alliances, though,\" Saldanha said, apparently referring to statements from UGDP and GVP that both may field candidates against each other, if alliance talks fail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399972", "title": "I love going to a church or a gurudwara: Aman Verma", "text": "...says Aman Verma , who enjoys the silence in places of worshipI do believe in a power that sustains the world. I don't pray everyday. I would say, I love going to a church or a gurudwara. I enjoy the silence and I frequently, walk into the church in Bandra and sometimes go to the temple too. The serenity stays with you. According to me, to connect to the ultimate power, you need to have silence.I draw my sense of spirituality from my mother who has been a great influence in my life. When it comes to spirituality, friends keep telling me how to live my life peacefully. I try to, but again, I am not able to look up to a demi-God or a person to calm me down. I may not show it, but I am very aggressive and my mind is wavery in nature.I have visited Pushkar, which houses the only Brahma temple in the world, as well as the Ajmer Sharif dargah. Honestly, whenever I meet my mother, it's like going to a shrine. I've heard a lot about Mecca and the spiritual places in Egypt. I also want to visit the Konark temple in Orissa.I normally believe that if you carry something that clicks for you then you are biased towards it and name it lucky. I carried a white stone or a neelam for a year and a half, it did do a lot for me. But I realised I can't hang on to that. A piece of stone, garment, a gold coin, you carry that gets you what you want incidentally also makes you biased toward that. I would love to meditate to be more focused in different areas of my life and build my concentration levels. I strongly believe in my gut feeling as I rely on my instincts. All my life, I have done so. If I feel something is going to go right I go with it. This is just like when I took a chance to come to Mumbai; my instincts told me I would be able to do it. And that's why I am here today.I am not the right person who can comment on how to live a happy life as I am still seeking answers about my existence and I feel what defines happiness varies for different individuals. But, I can tell you how to survive. The definition of happiness is subjective so it changes from person to person. Everyone would like to live their life in a particular way.As told to Lisa Antao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11393543", "title": "One held for extortion", "text": "The anti-extortion cell of the Pune crime branch on Wednesday arrested Namdeo Laxman Chavan alias Pahilwan Mukadam (66) for allegedly extorting Rs 9,000 from a businessman under the name of Mathadi Kamgar Union.The incident took place near Balewadi octroi post on January 2. A complaint has been lodged by Suresh Jethwani with the Chatushrungi police. A police team led by inspector Sachin Sawant arrested Chavan from near the Khadki court.Man assaults wife: The Hadapsar police on Wednesday arrested Mahadev Sakhare (40) of Kondhwa for assaulting his wife with a sharp weapon following a family dispute. The incident took place on Magarpatta-Mundhwa Road around 7.30 am. Sakhare's wife Sunita (32), who sustained severe injuries, is undergoing treatment at a private hospital. Assistant police inspector S S Chavan is investigating the case.Police foil escape attempt: The Pune police on Wednesday foiled escape attempt of a suspect from the Pune court. Police managed to nab Nitin alias Madhukar Adakmol (29) of Jalgaon after a brief chase. Adakmol is accused in a rape case.On Wednesday he was produced before the court for a hearing. He pushed the police constable and tried to flee. The constables at the court nabbed him and handed him over to the Shivajinagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11395738", "title": "UP polls: Congress focus on reserved seats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress has turned its focus on reserved seats to boost its revival efforts in UP, taking a leaf out of Mayawati's book whose 2007 surge was powered by all-Scheduled Caste contests across the state.Away from corruption debates , Congress MPs PL Punia and Ashok Tanwar are scouring the land to identify the winnable among 85 reserved seats. The focus is triggered by feedback that anti-incumbency against BSP and its waning social engineering with upper castes can wrench open Mayawati's grip on her stronghold . The BSP swept 61 of 89 reserved seats in the last polls, defeating wannabe challengers. Delimitation has pared down the SC seats by four. Sources said national commission for SCs chairman Punia and former Youth Congress chief Tanwar would give a report on the party's position in reserved seats in what is being called 'Mission 85'. AICC may focus on these select strong SC seats.The Rahul-led campaign looks to push the Congress back to respectability on the claim of its \"newness\" . His focus on the new catchment area of OBCs and most backwards, forays into dalit homes and his Bundelkhand tours have tried to stitch a new social alliance for upper caste-dominated Congress. Hopes from the reserved seats seem a tall order, given the gap between Mayawati's stature and Congress's minnow status. But the irony of SC politics lies in the non-dalit role.SCs number around 30% of the population in the reserved seats. With parties obliged to field SCs, the vote division brings down the community's leverage. Mayawati's Brahmin outreach coupled with anti-incumbency against Mulayam clinched the 2007 contest in her favour. Congress now senses indifference among Brahmins towards BSP. Strategists believe a positive sentiment for Congress would bait its traditional forward base, its Muslim outreach appeal to minorities.VITAL STATISTICSUP: 85 SC reserved seats, (89 in 2007 elections)Congress: Four SC nominees in general seats, may give three SC seats to RLDBSP stronghold: Won 61 seats in 2007 Bundelkhand, eastern UP have maximum Dalit leverage Mayawati turned western UP and Bundelkhand into BSP citadel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11396024", "title": "Netaji museum light and sound show still in dark", "text": "CUTTACK: Even after four long years, the light and sound show at the Netaji Birthplace Museum here is yet to see the light of day. The nation will celebrate the 115th birth anniversary of the firebrand freedom fighter on January 23 and it was hoped that the show would finally begin on the occasion, but the much awaited project is likely to miss the deadline this year too.The project that aims to attract more footfalls to the museum was announced in 2008, and the Rourkela Steel Plant had assured to provide the funds. The 30-lakh project envisaged a state-of-the-art light and sound evening show on the life of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.The script for the show was written by Bijay Mishra, while the sets were designed by Asim Basu. In the first phase, the museum authorities managed to complete the construction work of the open air gallery to accommodate around 100 viewers.But the project got stuck midway in 2009 as the steel plant blocked the funds. Later, in 2011, the state culture department came decided to finance the project, but even today the project hangs fire.\"A tender for the project was floated three years ago. In the meantime, new varieties of lights have come to the market. So, we are now planning to use the latest technology and latest designs of light and sound system in the show. The entire process is taking time, but we are hopeful about completing the project soon,\" said Aswini Satapathy, secretary of the Netaji Museum trust.Notably, when the project was mooted in 2008, the authorities had said it would be completed within three months.Moreover, this is not the only project whose fate is still in the dark. In a bid to make the Netaji museum an attractive tourist destination, the state government had announced many projects in the past, but all these projects have met the same fate.In 2011, the state tourism department had drawn up ambitious plans for development of the periphery area of the museum into a multi-facility hub. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had laid the foundation stone of the Rs 2.36-crore project on Netaji's birthday last year.There were plans to landscape the historic Ganga Mandir tank and renovate it into an amusement and recreational zone.The project also envisaged construction of a state-of-the-art public convenience-cum-interpretation centre, a boating club, floating jetties and food kiosks. In the last one year, the project has made little headway.Similarly, in 2010, it wasdecided to beautify the entire approach road to the museum.As part of the plan, the Cuttack Development Authority (CDA) and the Cuttack Municipal Corporation (CMC) had committed to develop the remnant of the 125-year-old Jail into a freedom fighters' museum along with a park around it. But even that project stands incomplete.The lackadaisical approach of the state government towards developing the museum has evoked criticism from various quarters.\"The state government announced big projects to develop the Netaji museum and later forgot all of them. The state government clearly lacks interest to develop the museum into a tourist destination,\" said S K Roy, a senior citizen residing in the Odia bazaar area.Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose was born in Cuttack on January 23 1897. His ancestral house, the Janakinath Bhawan, in Odia bazaar area, where Netaji spent his early childhood, has been converted into the Netaji Birthplace Museum and exhibits memorabilia associated with the leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11403619", "title": "There is no 'war' with the Army: Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari has said his government was not \"at war\" with the powerful Army and the confrontation will \"simmer down,\" remarks that come amid tensions between the executive and the military sparked by a high-octane memo scandal.In his first interview since the military and judiciary began pressuring the government over an alleged memo seeking US help to stave off a feared coup, Zardari rejected the possibility of a clash between various state institutions.\"These are part of evolution. You think this is a fight, I believe this is part of evolution. This fight will evolve and it will simmer down,\" he said in excerpts of the interview aired by Geo news channel.\"We have no war with the court, why should we have a fight with the army?\" Zardari said.Asked about Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani's statement in parliament that had criticised the military for failing to detect Osama bin Laden's presence in Pakistan for several years, Zardari said the premier was pointing the finger of blame at the regime of former military ruler Pervez Musharraf .\"It is not fair for me to do deliberation and he (Gilani) should be asked about (the remarks). He said Osama was here for seven years, he should there should be accountability for that. He was talking about Pervez Musharraf. Why is that being linked to the army?\" Zardari said.The President also defended Gilani on his comments describing the army as a \"state within a state\", contending that he was a \"powerful\" prime minister who had the right to speak out about the problems he or the government may be facing, including differences with any institution.\"He has all the powers, he does not feel (he is) under anybody. If there is some (matter) which is annoying him, he has the right to take a position, and he has taken a position.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394214", "title": "Student, parents and school should unite for solutions: Psychiatrists", "text": "MUMBAI: Parents today are a worried lot because of the increasing number of students who are refusing to attend school due to psychological and emotional instability. While in many cases children have been refusing to attend classes due to problems faced on campus, psychiatrists say many issues are also home-related. \"The only way to tackle this problem is for the student, parents and school authorities to work together to find a solution,\" says Dr Harish Shetty, a psychiatrist.Psychiatrists say several issues need to be looked for in such situations - over-protectiveness, a demand for results, the attitude of the school, discipline and so on.The over-protective nature of many parents could be a key problem behind separation anxiety. \"Many parents send someone along with the child when the child goes out to play. When such children walk out of their protective cocoon, they can find it difficult to adjust in an environment where there a lot of other rules and regulations,\" says Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head of the psychiatric ward, KEM Hospital.Psychiatrists say that it is important to note that children without siblings are more prone to having school phobia or separation anxiety.Many counsellors also agree that few schools understand what school phobia is, resulting in many institutions using 'threats' to call back students. \"Schools feel that if children can go to play and attend tuitions, they can attend school too,\" says Shetty. \"Such an attitude can worsen the situation.\" He adds that a school that shows compassion can get a child back to class earlier. \"Strong reassurances from the family also work wonders,\" he says.Some doctors have also noticed that there has been an increase in the number of cases of school phobia and separation anxiety immediately after the student returns from a long vacation. \"It is always better to keep your child busy, even during school vacations, so that he or she doesn't feel bad about returning to school when it reopens,\" says Dr Sanjay Kumawat of the Bombay Psychiatric Society. He adds that it is important to treat children with a certain amount of discipline at home so that they don't find it \"scary\" when they walk into their first educational institute.\"Very often, parents are also anxious about sending the child to school - in fact, more anxious than the child,\" says Parkar. \"One needs to understand that such anxiety is very common in children when they go to school, so it is very important for the parent to patiently understand the situation rather than just worry about it.\" Parkar adds that parents also need to stop being obsessive about their child's performance and results, and instead focus more on a sound upbringing", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395417", "title": "Priyadarshini students protest hefty fee hike", "text": "NAGPUR: In the 21st century, quality education seems like out of bounds for the poor and middle-class people in India. On Thursday, the students at Tirpude college of Social Work in Civil Lines staged protests for reinstating a lecturer who was terminated for allegedly failing to give bribe. On Friday, nearly thousand students of Priyadarshini College of Engineering at Digdoh in Hignna staged massive demonstrations against the management for allegedly hiking the annual fees almost six-fold. They even created ruckus on the college premises by burning tyres and raising slogans against the college management for 'looting them by charging exorbitant fees'. They also damaged the college property, protesting the sudden hike in the midway of session.According to them, the college hiked the fees of second year, third year and final year students without giving them any inclination. They claimed that the hike was as much as 7% that comes to over Rs6,000 which was unaffordable for majority of them. In fact, many among them had already secured loans from the bank and now its is not possible for them to apply for the loans again. They refused to attend the classes till the management came out for discussions in this regard.However, the management claimed that the principal had invited some student representatives to hold talks, but it failed to break the impasse. When their agitation went out of control, the college staff had to take help of the guards.Students, on other hand, alleged that the management was unable to give them a justification for the sudden fee hike in the middle of the semester. Now, they have threatened to intensify their agitation. \"Most of us come from middle-class families and it is not possible for our parents to afford such hikes. They have found a way to simply loot us,\" lamented a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396083", "title": "I gave false info, admits VC of VTU", "text": "BANGALORE: In a shocking revelation, H Maheshappa, vice-chancellor of the Visvesvaraya Technological University, on Friday admitted before the Karnataka High Court he had submitted incorrect information regarding his educational qualification during the selection process.Maheshappa's counsel submitted this before a division bench headed by chief justice Vikramajit Sen. The bench was hearing a petition that alleged Maheshappa had provided false information about the marks he had secured in BE; also, some of the claims regarding his project work were false.V Y Kumar, counsel for the VC, said his client had secured second class in BE, not first class as claimed earlier. However, he added that marks obtained in BE were not the sole criterion for selection.Counsel for the chancellor of universities in Karnataka - governor H R Bhardwaj - submitted before a high court bench on Friday that the chancellor is prepared to review the selection of VTU vicechancellor H Maheshappa if the court were to order the same.The bench was hearing a petition that alleged Maheshappa had provided false information about the marks he had secured in BE.\"There is no such provision under the VTU Act for such a review,\" senior counsel Uday Holla submitted on behalf of the chancellor. In view of these submissions, the bench observed that those seeking appointment to posts like vicechancellor cannot provide incorrect information. It asked Maheshappa's counsel to inform the court by Monday the option the wants to exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394263", "title": "Udhayanidhi grilled for second time", "text": "CHENNAI: Former chief minister M Karunanidhi's grandson Udhayanidhi Stalin, who was booked for extortion and cheating, was questioned by central crime branch (CCB) officers for 45 minutes on Friday.Anti-land grabbing cell assistant commissioner of police P R Jesurajan interrogated Udhayanidhi in his office. His counsel Raman Lal was allowed to witness the interrogation, but was not allowed to assist him with answers.Police sources said CCB officers have prepared a questionnaire in connection with the cheating and extortion case lodged by N Seshadri Kumar, a businessman from Alwarpet, who said he was forced to sell his 6,000 sq ft property near Cenotaph Road to Venugopal Reddy in 2010.Both the counsel and police refused to divulge details. \"We will interrogate Udhayanidhi further. He should appear before the investigation officer for another 28 days,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11398940", "title": "Overnight rains add to winter chill in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Overnight rains brought chill to the capital this morning but the minimum temperature remained at above normal levels.The rain gauges in the city measured a total of 7.9 mm for the past 24 hours ending 8:30 AM today. The city received showers measuring 7.2 mm between 5:30 PM yesterday and 8:30 AM today.The minimum temperature was recorded at 12.5 degree Celsius, five degrees above normal and up by 0.1 degrees from yesterday.The city experienced the coldest day temperature yesterday with maximum temperature recorded at a low of 16.9 degree Celsius.Last month saw the minimum temperature come down to 2.9 deg C on Christmas morning, the lowest for the season so far.In the past 11 years except for 2010, the month of January has recorded the lowest minimum temperature at below five degree Celsius. The lowest in the past 11 years was on January eight of 2006 when the mercury read dipped 0.2 degree Celsius.The record lowest minimum for the month was recorded on January 16, 1935 when mercury touched minus 0.6 degree Celsius while the record highest maximum was 32.5 degrees on January 28, 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395542", "title": "Eye on polls, govt mulls 24-hr power", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to brighten his BJP's poll prospects and to score a hat trick in 2013 assembly polls, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Thursday asked power sector top honchos to supply 24 hours energy to the rural households by completing the ongoing work of bifurcation electricity distribution supply lines to urban and rural areas by December this year.Taking a cue from Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's Jyotigram Yojana under which that state is providing 24-hour power to more than 18,000 villages, BJP government in Madhya Pradesh is implementing a multi-crore project akin to it. The BJP government in Gujarat completed Rs 1,500 crore power project in a record time of 30-month period in 2006 and Modi became CM for third term in Gujarat a year later, state BJP sources pointed out.Chairing the review meeting of state power sector, Chouhan asked officers concerned to accomplish works of at least Rs 40 crore daily under Rs 12,000 crore project for bifurcation of supply lines, which is underway.He also underlined the need of bringing down the distribution losses to prune the power sector.After CM, Minister of State for Energy, Rajendra Shukla too asked the officers concerned to ensure that Rs 12,000 project finished in time.He said asked officials to rev up revenue collections and to increase the income of three power distribution losses. The three power distribution companies are running into losses of Rs 9,000 crore, officials said.State Energy Secretary Mohammad Suleman said 20 lakh new consumers should be given power connection this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394402", "title": "Man kills wife, daughter", "text": "CHENNAI: A man, who beat his wife and daughter to death with a crowbar at their house in Ambattur on Thursday night, allegedly irked by their nagging, has been arrested.He was identified as Muthu Palaniappan, 54. The bodies of the two women were sent to the government hospital for post mortem and a case registered.Police said, Palaniappan had returned home from a pilgrimage on Thursday evening when his wife Nagavalli, 50 insisted that he beat up their neighbours for quarreling with her and their daughter Rajeshwari, 30. Rajeswari, a divorcee, had been staying with them for the last four years.When Palaniappan refused to do as told, his wife kept abusing him. Palaniappan hit her with a crowbar, killing her instantly. He then killed Rajeshwari in a similar manner and slit their throats, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395625", "title": "Pravasi Bharatiya meet set for a glittering start", "text": "JAIPUR: The mega jamboree of Pravasi Bharatiya Divas sets off amid a melange of colours and pomp as around 80 state guests and 1,400 NRIs and PIOs descend on the decked up Pink City.While the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD) kicks off on Saturday and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will formally inaugurate the event on Sunday.Prime minister of Trinidad &amp; Tobago K P Bissessar will grace the occasion as chief guest.High profile guest list also includes President Pratibha Devisingh Patil , who will address the delegates from around 55 countries at the valedictory function on Monday.Seminars and interactive sessions spanning over three-days will see the participation of 12 Central ministers, including finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , overseas Indian affairs minister Vayalar Ravi , IT &amp; communications minister Sachin Pilot etc.In order to connect with the diaspora community, chief ministers from states such as Bihar, Gujarat , Haryana, Jharkhand, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh will be seen hobnobbing with the resourceful and enterprising community. Top industrialists, academics, doctors etc from global Indian community will troop down and add vibrancy to the event.The authorities have lined up captivating cultural evenings to enchant the prodigious sons and daughters of the country in the historic palaces of the state that never fails to charm the guests.Jaipur is hosting the 10th PBD after the first-ever jugalbandi of Ravi Shankar and late Bismillah Khan in New Delhi ushered in a date with the diaspora in 2003.While the annual event has been able to foster belongingness among the diaspora over the years, now many feel the PBD now needs a new booster dose to make the exchange meaningful.\"Although Pravasi Bharatiya Divas still remains the best platform to engage the global community of Indian diaspora, it's time we needed to do some brainstorming to give a new direction to the event,\" said Thomas Abraham, founder president of Global Organisation of People of Indian Origin. He also said that there was a growing perception that after spending enormous resources and tax-payers money, if there is no outcome, the event will slowly lose its importance and sheen.The theme of PBD this year is \"Global Indian-Inclusive Growth\".Chief minister Ashok Gehlot said that the great Indian Diaspora embodies the indomitable Indian spirit of Karma, enterprise, harmony and love for the land of their roots. He appreciated their enthusiastic participation in PBD over the years and their eagerness to connect with their motherland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394313", "title": "Policeman suspended for running brothel", "text": "CHENNAI: A constable has been suspended for running a brothel with the help of a sex worker.Harikrishnan, who was part of the anti-vice squad, befriended a sex worker during a raid and later started a brothel with her. The woman was arrested during a raid on a fake massage parlour and she spilled the beans.Based on her confession, police commissioner J K Tripathy asked for a detailed probe. An assistant commissioner of police conducted the inquiry and filed a report. Based on the report, Tripathy on Thursday placed Harikrishnan, who is working at the Ayanavaram police station, under suspension.Inquiries revealed that Harikrishnan met Aancy alias Suba, 32, during a raid. They lived together in T Nagar and he helped her set up two massage parlours-Sukko Spa on Eldams Road and Banyan Tree Family Spa and Academy in Nandanam. Harikrishnan collected a commission from her.In October, the anti-vice squad raided the two spas and arrested Suba, Sunitha, 35, and a pimp, Balaji, 23. Police rescued 11 girls working there. During questioning, Suba confessed to her relationship with Harikrishnan.Harikrishnan and Suba had posed as a married couple to enter into a rental agreement for the flat in T Nagar.\"There is substantial evidence to prove that Harikrishnan had a close relationship with Suba. He helped her start the business under the guise of a massage parlour. He also advised her to start a beauty course at Banyan Tree Family Spa and Academy in CIT Nagar, Nandanam. She lured young girls from other states with the beautician course and forced them into prostitution,\" a police officer said.Police said Harikrishnan had posed as an AVS inspector and even as an assistant commissioner of police to threaten other brothel owners.\"When we raided a brothel in Adyar, the owner claimed that he knew the assistant commissioner of the police in AVS. Later, we found that Harikrishnan had impersonated the ACP and cheated them,\" another police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11396231", "title": "SI fires at knife-wielding chain-snatcher", "text": "Police sounded the first warnings to chain - snatcher s striking at will late on Friday evening. A youth who snatched a woman's gold chain and tried to attack a police party which tried to pin him down was shot at by a police sub-inspector with his service revolver in Banashankari II Stage at 7.30 pm.About 330 chainsnatching incidents in the year that just passed by has put the city police on high alert. The chain-snatcher, identified as Ravi from Bidadi in Ramanagara district, was injured in the knee and has been admitted to Victoria Hospital.THE CHASE AND AFTEREarlier, Ravi had snatched the gold chain of a private company employee, Mamata, who was waiting for a bus at the bus bay next to a Bata showroom on Banashankari Main Road. Mamata raised an alarm.\"I thought something went wrong at the Bata showroom, but soon a burly guy was seen running and a group of people chased him. Within minutes, a police officer and a constable on a Cheetah motorcycle joined the chase,\" said Banashankari resident and eyewitness K Mallesh.DCP (South) Sonia Narang told the TOI that Ravi had approached Mamata and asked for some address. Even as Mamata said she had no clue, Ravi snatched her gold chain and began running.\"Onlookers began chasing Ravi. Sub-inspector TM Dharmendra and constable Gururaj on patrol happened to be there,\" she said. Ravi managed to run for half a kilometre. But the policemen cornered him next to Sevakshetra hospital.The constable grabbed Ravi, who whipped out a knife and tried to counter-attack. Gururaj let go off Ravi and shouted at Dharmendra that the culprit was armed. Dharmendra immediately fired with his service revolver at Ravi's left knee, disabled him and pinned him down, eyewitnesses said.Ravi was rushed to Sevakshetra hospital and administered first aid.\"He is being shifted to Victoria Hospital for further treatment,\" said additional commissioner of police T Suneel Kumar.CHAIN-SNATCHERS ON THE PROWLThere has been no let-up in chain-snatching incidents in the city. At least 330 chain-snatching incidents were reported in 2011. The number was 328 in 2010. The last time the chainsnatchers were on the rampage in the city was in early 1980s. The then police commissioner had issued shoot-at-sight orders as chain-snatchers used to strike at six or seven places on the same day. Asked whether there was any \"shoot at sight\" orders in view of the spiralling instances of chain-snatching in the recent past, DCP (South) Sonia Narang said there was no need to issue such an order. \"Dharmendra was defending his colleague whose life was in danger,\" she said.SECOND FIRING IN 27 YEARSIt is almost 27 years since the last time the police opened fire at a chain-snatchers in Bangalore city. On October 24, 1984, then Ulsoor traffic inspector BB Ashok Kumar, now a deputy superintendent of police, had shot at two chain-snatchers and caught them. \"I got a wireless message that two chain-snatchers were heading towards Madiwala after a strike. When I spotted them, I hit them from behind. I fired again and disabled them when they attacked me,\" Kumar recalled. The chainsnatchers, Narendra and Gopal, were arrested and 52 gold chains weighing 3.5 kg were recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11395441", "title": "SP, BSP flayed for promising cheap liquor, arms licences", "text": "LUCKNOW: Politicians in Uttar Pradesh are now openly promising cheap liquor and free-for-all firearm licences if voted to power in the assembly election.After Samajwadi Party (SP) state president Akhilesh Yadav sought public support at a public meeting in Bhimnagar pointing out that the prices of alcohol have gone up in the Mayawati regime, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) leader and social welfare minister in Mayawati's government Indrajeet Saroj, at a public meeting in Kaushambi, assured people that firearms licences will be distributed in large numbers in the area if BSP continues in power after the election.Yadav, who has opposed the entry of west Uttar Pradesh mafia don D P Yadav in SP, landed in a controversy on Thursday when he said that not only the prices of petrol and diesel have gone up, people are not evening getting their daily dose of 'evening medicine' (liquor) as prices have shot up.He said that people who consume alcohol are the real campaigners of the party. He said those who consume 'sham ki dawa' are with the SP and thus, they are the party's real campaigners. Saroj, on the other hand, promised voters firearm licences in exchange for support to the BSP.He said that people need firearm licence for self protection. Saroj was apparently trying to appease the people in the area where firearms are a status symbol. Most people in the upper castes have firearms. Lower castes now also aspire to match upper castes. While the Congress party and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) have lashed out at the BSP and SP for stooping low for electoral gains, the Election Commission has reports from district administrations of Kaushambi and Moradabad on the above issues.Bharatiya Janata Party leaders said that this shows how desperate the SP and BSP are to grab power. Congress leaders, on the other hand, said that the promises made by the SP and BSP leaders are unethical and open violation of model code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11394743", "title": "Rail traffic remains affected", "text": "LUCKNOW: Fog continues to affect the movement of trains from Lucknow. On Friday, several trains were running late. Lucknow-New Delhi Shatabdi Express arrived late by more than two hours at Charbagh station.The train also departed late by about half an hour. The other trains to New Delhi, which were running late, were Malda town-Delhi Farakka Express, Lucknow-New Delhi Gomti Express, Kanpur-New Delhi Shatabdi Express, Gorakhpur-New Delhi Gorakdham Express, Pratapgarh-Delhi Padmavat Express, Jaynagar-Delhi Shaheed Express, Varanasi-New Delhi Shivganga Express, Allahabad-New Delhi Prayagraj Express, Allahabad-New Delhi Duronto Express, Meerut City-Allahabad Sangam Express and Barauni-New Delhi Vaishali Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11395729", "title": "No assembly in govt schools", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There will be no morning assembly in any government school until the weather conditions improve. The relaxation has been given by the UT education department.The department will also decide on whether to extend the last date of submitting nursery admission forms by a few more days. Meanwhile, due to bad weather, education department has decided to change the opening timing of morning shift of government schools running in double shift from 7.30am to 8am and closing time of evening from 5.30pm to 5pm till further orders. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395604", "title": "Workshop on renewable energy begins at MANIT", "text": "BHOPAL: A two-day workshop on renewable energy for sustainable development began at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) here on Friday.The workshop aims at highlighting the role of new and renewable energy for meeting the energy challenges. Besides, the workshop will also review use of renewable energy systems and promote the use of renewable energy for sustainable development.Speaking on the occasion, one of the guests, Lavarkis from Germany said that the alternative source of energy, including solar energy , will play a crucial role in the addressing the need of the future generation.\"As compared to conventional source of energy, the renewable source energy has better prospects. There are various limitations in the conventional source of energy,\" Lavarkis said. MANIT director Appu Kuttan in his address also emphasised the need of renewable energy sources.The dignitaries at the workshop also discussed subjects like climate change, green buildings, new and renewable energy, energy policy and planning and energy management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388502", "title": "Bobby Darling goes Hollywood", "text": "After Udita Goswami recently declared her intent to head westwards for work, seems drama queen Bobby Darling too plans to follow suit.On a recent trip to Patna, Bobby declared her intent, saying, \"I am very excited about my trip to United States in May 2012. I have appointed an agent in Hollywood and will be visiting the place in May.\"How Bobby fares in Hollywood remains to be seen, but Bobby says Bollywood rocks for her right now. Bobby is shedding her long locks for \"Kalpvriksha\", a launching pad for Rati Agnihotri's son, Naveen Soni. \"This is one of the toughest roles I have done. I am playing a dehati in this film and I have to go bald for it. There is a lot drama in it and I am looking forward to the re action of the audience.\" Apart from \"Kalpvriksha\", Bobby will also be seen in \"Aashiq Banaya Aapne 2\", \"Daal mein Kuch Kaala Hai\" and \"Will you Marry Me\".And not just Hindi films, Boby says she is ready to shift region also. \"I will be making my Bhojpuri film debut.The film will go on floor at the end of this month. We will be shooting in Lucknow.\" New Year has brought horde of new success for Bobby who claims she has left all skeletons in her closet behind. Starting with Munaf - Bobby's relationship controversy - the actor says, \"Munaf is my past. I don't want to talk about it now. I have heard that he is married now. God bless him. I have a lot to look forward to and it is time to leave the past behind.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395574", "title": "Property expo today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (Credai-Hyderabad) in collaboration with Radio Mirchi, is organising a two-day 'Credai Mirchi Property Expo' at NConvention, Madhapur, on January 7 and 8.The expo will see close to 40 major builders from across the city, who are also members of Credai-Hyderabad, showcase their properties and answer queries of prospective customers visiting the show. Besides developers, housing finance institutions such as the State Bank of Hyderabad will also be part of the event.Announcing the launch of the expo on Friday, G Yoganand, president of the association's Hyderabad chapter said, \"The participation of financial institutions will prove to be of great help to buyers who will be able to directly interact with officials and procure all loanrelated information before purchasing a property.\"From the realty industry, Yoganand said, firms such as Asoka Builders, Manjeera Group of Constructions and SMR Constructions, among others, would be seen putting up their stalls at the venue. \"Not just residential projects, commercial and retail ventures currently under construction will also be showcased at the expo,\" the Credai city president added.\"Some of these exhibitions will be exclusively for members of our group while others will be open to all developers from the city. This way we can offer one-stop realty solutions to our customers who can take a look at the various properties available for sale in Hyderabad under one roof and accordingly decide which one to buy. Even his financial issues can be addressed at the expo if we have banks and other such institutions participating in these shows,\" Yoganand said.Apart from ongoing ventures, the expo is also expected to unveil fresh projects that are set to come up in the city in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11396521", "title": "Parents sore about school software", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Despite the district administration giving a green signal and schools going ahead with Saras, a software to aid schools in the admission process under the Right to Education Act (RTE Act, 2009), parents are not too sure about the new system.A day after the demonstration of Saras 2.0 software at the district headquarters to explain to parents about its functioning, few of the parents reached the office of the deputy commissioner (DC) seeking deputation of observers in schools at the time of random admission through Saras.\"Given the fact that there's enough space for the (English medium) schools to manipulate with the software we have urged the district administration to ensure deployment of independent observers in each school when lottery (random admission) takes place through the software (Saras),\" said Umesh Kumar, convenor of Jamshedpur Parents' Association (JPA), who led the delegation to the district administration on Friday.The district education department, however, expressed hope that schools will conduct the software-based random admission in a fair and transparent manner.\"Hopefully schools will use the software in a fair manner,\" said Prakash, additional district programme officer (ADPO), RTE Cell, education department.The officer said all private unaided English-medium schools in the district (numbering about 35), have been asked to ensure random admission of students up to Class VIII as per the guidelines of RTE Act.Meanwhile, Loyola School has denied developing any software for the random admission of candidates. \"Though our regular software maintenance agency told us it could also develop software on the lines of Saras, there is no such plan,\" said school principal, Fr Victor Misquith.The schools, on the other hand, have clarified that seat reservation in admission will continue as usual in their respective format in each school. \"It's not quota per se but priority will be given to the employees' wards, alumni and student siblings as usual and it won't affect the admission of the freshers,\" said A P R Nair, president, Jamshedpur chapter of Private Unaided English-Medium Schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394385", "title": "No big differences with allies: Manmohan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Brushing aside suggestions that differences with allies was adversely impacting governance, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Friday that these were only temporary problems. While expressing confidence that government would overcome all problems, Singh said that ``life would not be worth living if it were not beset with problems''.\"India is a large country of great complexity great diversity. We have our problems but I am confident that with will and determination we can overcome these temporary problems,'' said Singh.He was responding to a query at a joint press interaction with Trinidad and Tobago Prime Minister Kamla Persad-Bissessar on whether the government's development agenda was being affected as its coalition partners appeared to create problems.Congress's differences with key ally Trinamool Congress have come under sharp focus in the past few days, with Trinamool leaders launching a personal attack on the PM. One of the ministers has even said that Singh owed his job to Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee and her party. Trinamool had also played a crucial role in stalling government's move to introduce FDI in multi-brand retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11395366", "title": "State napping on proposal to better protect children", "text": "PANAJI: In August 2010, the Goa Law Commission recommended that the state government set up two full-fledged children's courts in both districts and that the Children's Court Act 2003 be amended accordingly.The recommendation was based on the directorate of women and child development's statistics which showed pendency of cases involving children as crime victims and sexual-violence offence cases.The commission noted that Goa has only one children's court, based at Panaji and headed by an additional session's judge who sits thrice a week.It therefore recommended the children's courts, to be designated as 'women and children courts'; high court-appointed additional sessions' judges to serve as full-time judges; and all cases relating to sexual offences against children and women to be transferred to these courts.The recommendations were made after \"a number of cases of sexual harassment, molestation, rape and murder of children and women\" were widely reported in the media. \"What was once looked on as the peaceful God's Own Abode (GOA) appears to be the most unsafe place for children and women,\" the report, signed by commission chief Ramakant Khalap, noted. The government, however, has yet to implement the recommendations. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395653", "title": "No end to Gorewada staff woes", "text": "NAGPUR: The woe of Gorewada international zoo project, which is hanging since six years, fails to end. Even as the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) has been given the responsibility of implementing the project, fate of 44 employees, transferred to it, hangs in balance.On November 29, 2011 a detailed GR was issued transferring existing 33 employees with Gorewada project to FDCM. On January 5, 2012 another GR was issued shifting 11 posts to Gorewada. This included the lone post of Gorewada divisional forest officer (DFO) to FDCM. Accordingly, H M Meshram, who was waiting for the posting for 3 months, has been appointed as divisional manager, Gorewada Project. Remaining 10 posts - 2 ACFs, 4 RFOs, 1 driver and clerk each and 2 accountants - will have to be filled from existing FDCM employees.Even as posts were transferred, employees are in confusion about who will pay their salaries. The GR issued on January 5, states that these 11 employees although would be under the control of FDCM, their salaries will be paid by the forest department.Already 33 employees, including 15 labourers, 13 forest guards, 4 foresters and a driver, who have been shifted to Gorewada, have not been paid salary for December.Adding to the confusion, on Friday, forest department asked the Nagpur forest division to pay these employees through Seminary Hills RFO, including the salary for December. On the issue, principal secretary for forests Praveen Pardeshi said salaries of all the employees will be paid by the FDCM.However, the 33 employees, who have not been paid are demoralized and are not at work. A delegation of these employees, on Tuesday, had met head of forest force (HoFF) AK Joshi and additional PCCF (subordinate cadre) SWH Naqvi. Yet, their payment has not been made.Sources said the problem has arise after chief conservator (CCF) for wildlife planning &amp; management, refused to be drawing and disbursing officer (DDO) for these employees.State-nodded international level zoo at Gorewada will come up in 100-150 hectares, but confusion on many issues prevail. The forest department has diverted Rs 20 crore to the FDCM but not one concrete step has been taken to indicate the zoo is going in the right direction. The model code of conduct in view of ZP and NMC elections will further delay physical work on the project.RS Yadav, general manager with FDCM, says, a committee has been formed to work out details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395391", "title": "Srilakshmi back in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chanchalguda jail is the home of IAS officer Y Srilakshmi at least for the next one week. With the Supreme Court earlier on Friday posting her appeal against the cancellation of her bail by the AP High Court to January 16, Srilakshmi surrendered before the CBI special court around 4 pm and was promptly sent to judicial custody till January 12.In the meantime, the IAS officer filed a petition in the CBI court seeking special prisoner status at Chanchalguda jail.Soon after Srilakshmi was remanded in judicial custody, she offered a 'namaste' to special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma while walking away. To which the judge responded by saying 'pray to god.'In the petition seeking special class prisoner status in the prison in view of the superior mode of living she led right from her childhood, Srilakshmi said: \"My father was a retired chief engineer with the Indian Railways and my husband is a senior IPS officer and I have been an IAS officer for the past 24 years with unblemished service record.\"The petition is coming up for hearing on Monday.The IAS officer is fourth accused in the illegal mining case and the charge against Srilakshmi is that she connived with mining baron Gali Janardhana Reddy to help OMC illegally mine iron ore from Anantapur.However, after she was arrested in the case and spent four days in CBI custody and one day in jail, the trial court gave her bail which was cancelled by the HC afew days later.While cancelling the bail, the HC directed her to surrender before the CBI court before 4 pm on January 6. Srilakshmi then challenged the HC order which too said it would hear the matter at length before passing any order and posted the same to January 16 for further hearing.As the apex court did not respond favourably to pleas from her counsel to stay the HC order in the meanwhile, she was left with no other option but to surrender and go to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11395740", "title": "Dumper knocks 2 women to death", "text": "INDORE: In a freak mishap, two women were crushed to death and a youth sustained serious injuries when a dumper hit the motorcycle from the behind in Rajendra Nagar in the city on Friday morning. All three, the members of the same family, were riding a motorbike.The deceased have been identified as Kiran Raikwar, 42, wife of Ramesh Raikwar and Chhaya, 25, wife of Lalit Raikwar. The injured, Deepak Raikwar, was riding the bike. Chhaya was the niece of Kiran. They are residents of Suryadev Nagar.Police said Deepak Raikwar, 23, nephew of Kiran was riding a motorcycle with Kiran and Chhaya on pillion and heading to Rau to visit their home. A dumper MP09 GE8968 which came from the behind knocked the motor-bike near Reti temple and crushed two women to death and injured the rider. Police said two women died on the spot and Deepak is still battling for life in the Unique Hospital, Indore.The dumper has been impounded but the errant driver escaped from the spot.Kiran is survived by three daughters and Chhaya got married recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395537", "title": "No leads on Gandhi Nagar murder", "text": "BHOPAL: The police have yet to make headway in a murder case in which a man was found dead with his throat slit at the Shivaji ward in Gandhi Nagar on January 4.The police suspect two persons who had visited the deceased Himmat Singh's house on the night of the incident might be behind the incident. The police, however, did not reveal their identities.They suspect that there were a few others with the deceased during that night as a bottle of liquor and glasses were recovered. The murder was executed by someone known to the victim, the police suspect.They are also not ruling out the possibility of illicit relations as the motive behind the crime.However, the mobile call details could not of much help as the last dialed and received calls were of the family members of the deceased's family members. The police are hoping that they would be able to get a lead in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394721", "title": "No hoardings in CRZ-I areas", "text": "MUMBAI: Hoardings will not be allowed in mangroves and Coastal Regulation Zone-I areas.Laying down rules for the construction of hoardings in the eco-sensitive coastal areas, the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) has said hoardings will also not be allowed in the no-development zone of CRZ I and CRZ III areas.Violation of the rule would invite an annual penalty of Rs 2 lakh. The authority, though, has allowed hoardings in CRZ-II areas and in the landward side of places falling under CRZ III.According to BMC records, Mumbai has the highest number of hoardings in the state-around 2,300. Of these, nearly 100 are in CRZ areas. The Mahim Causeway has the highest density of hoardings and a number of them are on the shore. Mumbai has around 5,800 hectares of land under mangroves.Officials said the policy was framed as a large number of applications were being received seeking permission to put up hoardings in CRZ areas.\"As the coastal zone management plans are being prepared (it has already been done for Mumbai), it will not be difficult to implement the policy,'' said an official.Civic officials, however, said they have not received any information from the MCZMA on the new policy for hoardings.Dr Anahita Pundole, who had filed a PIL against hoardings in heritage precincts and CRZ areas, said there was nothing new in the policy.\"We already have guidelines and orders that categorically state that you cannot put up even a pole in the CRZ areas and mangroves. We have lots of policies in place but sadly there is no implementation,\" she said.Dr Pundole pointed out that a recent order of the Bombay High Court directing the removal of all police booths set up at junctions. \"Where is the implementation?\" she wondered.Debi Goenka, environmentalist and founder of Conservation Action Trust, said: \"Hoardings should not have been allowed in the first place in these areas. Enforcement remains a tricky part but now the BMC will not be allowed to license hoardings in these areas. To that extent it will help.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395597", "title": "BJP plans to counter Congress stir against govt", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the state Congress plans a state-wide agitation against BJP government in Madhya Pradesh over poor infrastructure on January 9, the ruling saffron party has upped its ante to counter it a day ahead by turning the table on Congress-led UPA government blaming that it was discriminating against the state in the allotment of coal, power and other central assistance.BJP leaders is going reach out to the masses with a message that the central government is meting out step motherly treatment to the state in allotment of power and coal, among other things, a BJP insider said.The ruling party has drawn up a media blitz a day before the Congress agitation. Ministers and leaders, even in rural areas, across the state would hold press conferences on January 8 - a day ahead of Congress' Pradesh Bachao Andolan in which it plans to court arrest in fifty districts of the state, he added.Help of public relation experts is being taken by the BJP to spike the Congress protest. PR professionals have even readied materials for BJP campaign to puncture Congress' agitation, party sources said. \"Our protest is going to be a historic one. The BJP government in MP has failed on all fronts. It has failed to provide fertilizers and electricity to farmers, condition of roads maintained by state is pathetic. Corruption is rampant in the state,\" MP Congress spokesman Manak Agrawal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396200", "title": "24% more students to take science board exams", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) will conduct the SSC and HSC board exams from March 5. Officials said that a 24 per cent rise has been recorded in the number of students who will appear for the class XII (science) stream exams as compared to last year.This year, 1.14 lakh students have registered to appear for HSC (science) stream exam while last year the number of students taking this exam was 91,600. The GSHSEB too has been promoting science as a subject since past two to three years and had aimed to cross a one lakh student mark. GSHSEB officials said that to have 1.5 lakh students in science stream is their next goal.In HSC general stream, there has been a 3% rise in the number of students appearing for the board exam. This year, 4.36 lakh students will appear for the exam as compared to 4.25 lakh students last year.Meanwhile, in SSC, there has been a drop of 3 per cent students this year. Last year 9.54 lakh students had appeared for SSC which has gone down to 9.35 lakh this year.Officials said, in July 50,000 students cleared the supplementary exams held for students who had failed earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393731", "title": "Experts to give crucial insight on Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Expectedly, participants in the three-day 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar' would throw up crucial insights on Bihar, which, in turn, would serve as a path-breaking signpost for orchestrating accelerated growth and development of the state, on the one hand, and also for sound implantation and growth of knowledge industry and sector, on the other.The summit, which would begin on February 17, would be a congregation of proven experts in their respective fields, and would deliberate on 11 different topics that would have bearing on the state and also reflect its future trajectory, said deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi.The summit, which would be held at the Shri Krishna Memorial (SKM) Hall here, would have two types of sessions -- three general sessions to be held at the SKM Hall, and 11 parallel sessions to be held at a premier hotel, where experts of the topics concerned would have brainstorming sessions to grapple with Bihar's past, present and future dynamics, Modi added.In broad thematic frame, the 11 parallel sessions of experts would be about matters related to agriculture sector, urban development, industrial revival, tourism, education and training, health, role of women and their empowerment, resource mobilization, inclusive development, cultural revival, and creation of knowledge society.Modi said that various topics related to Bihar developmental activities on which the experts would dwell at length has also been decided. The three general sessions, in sharp contrast to them, would discuss three subjects at macro level, achievements of Bihar, scope and challenges, and vision of Bihar development, he added.However, the subjects on which the experts would dwell on at the 11 parallel sessions would focus on assessing the core areas whose insights, in the end, would serve as signposts to be pursued in a synergy for all-round development of the state.The related themes for these sessions are: overcoming constraints on faster agricultural growth, devising an appropriate strategy for urban development, building industrial capabilities, infrastructure, finance, skills and entrepreneurships, developing Bihar as an attractive tourist destination, strengthening educational and training institutions, creating a more effective healthcare system, extending socio-economic and political roles of women, raising and managing resources for a stronger Bihar, strengthening institutions for inclusive and equitable development, ushering in a social and cultural renaissance, expanding knowledge and research for development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11394821", "title": "NCC cadets to control crowd at Sagar Mela", "text": "KOLKATA: The National Cadet Corps will send over 700 cadets to Ganga Sagar Mela to assist the South 24-Parganas district administration, a senior NCC official said in Kolkata on Friday. The cadets would be engaged mainly in crowd control and traffic management.One of the most crowded annual events, the mela draws pilgrims from all over the country. Last year, nearly 5,00,000 pilgrims had taken the holy dip at Sagar Island during Makar Sankranti, it was stated.Drawn from the senior division of NCC, nearly 340 of these cadets would come from colleges in the Sunderbans and Sagar. The cadets would come from different NCC units located in Kolkata and adjoining areas, like 33 Bengal Battalion, 20 Bengal Battalion, two Naval battalions and a technical unit, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11395595", "title": "Sahiram likely to turn approver, statement recorded by magistrate", "text": "JODHPUR: After recording the statements of Amarchand, husband of Bhanwari Devi, statements of Sahiram Bishnoi were also taken by the metropolitan magistrate on Friday under Section 164 of the CrPC.The move by CBI to record Sahiram's statements came after considering the possibilities of him turning an approver in the missing nurse case.\"Sahiram is being considered the main link between conspirators and disposers and is very important witness for the CBI, which is fearing that he may turn hostile during trial and has taken this step\", a CBI source said.So far CBI has got statements of three persons recorded in court, including that Farookh, the driver of Bhanwari Devi. Considering the statements of Amarchand to be important, the CBI had requested the court not to provide any copy of these statements to any of the counsels of the defendants. The same stand can be taken by the CBI with regard to Sahiram's statements, which are understood to be more important and crucial than those of Amarchand.After recording his statement, Sahiram was produced before the CBI court, which remanded him in judicial custody till January 16. He had surrendered before the CBI court on December 23 and was under CBI custody since then.The judicial custody of both Mahipal Maderna and Parasram Bishnoi were extended till January 20. Their counsel moved an application in the court seeking exemption from their appearance in court and demanded e-hearing from the jail itself. The court admitted the application but has not given any decision.On the other hand, no order was passed by the court on the pleas of the CBI to issue arrest warrant of Ashok Bishnoi, another member of Bishnaram Bishnoi gang, and to keep Bishnaram, Omprakash and Kailash Jakhar with handcuffs on. All three persons are currently under CBI custody and are set to be taken to different places for investigations.Similarly, the court has reserved the decision on the anticipatory bail application of Indra Bishnoi, who has been absconding for over a month and is wanted by the CBI. The arguments on the application were completed on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399631", "title": "Parvati Sehgal quits Pratigya", "text": "Parvati Sehgal aka Komal has given her notice to the makers of Mann Ki Awaaz - Pratigya. The show is now four wickets down after the exit of Monica Singh, Ankit Gera, Asmita Sharma.The actress is quitting the show as she is unhappy with the way her track is shaping up and is in no mood to rethink on her decision. Says she, \"I was told that I would be the parallel lead of the show but my track isn't shaping up the way I was promised. I am shooting only five days a month and they are not utilising me properly. Considering that this is my debut show, I already had a word with my producers on this but nothing has helped. Everybody else was relieved without any trouble, but they are having issues only with my decision. I have already furnished my notice last month which will end on January 15. I have already started looking outside for shows and awaiting the right show. I will discontinue to shoot.\" But that's the harsh reality of TV, the track that works becomes the focus. Neha Maheshwri", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11395708", "title": "Math prof honoured", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A K Agarwal of the Centre for Advanced Study in Mathematics, Panjab University, has been conferred with the 'Emeritus Scientistship' of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), Government of India.He was honoured for his project \"A study of Rogers-Ramanujan identities from the combinational point of view''.Agarwal did his PhD from the Indian Institute of Technology , Delhi, in 1981 and pursued post-doctoral research at the Pennsylvania State University , USA, on a national scholarship for higher study abroad awarded by ministry of education &amp; culture, Government of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11394364", "title": "\u2018Honour killing\u2019 claims woman\u2019s life in Mandya", "text": "MANDYA: The murder of a woman belonging to an upper caste, that had taken place here on December 6, has turned out to be a case of \"honour killing\". The crime is said to have been committed by victim Suvarna's father with the help his relatives who opposed her affair with a Dalit man in Abalavadi village of Maddur taluk.A complaint was filed on January 6, though the murder had taken place a month ago. According to police, Suvarna's father Ramakrishna and cousins Ramanna, Timmesh Lallegowda, Mallesh and others hanged at her lover Govindaraju's house on December 6. Also, they allegedly burnt the body the same night.It is said Suvarna and Govindaraju were in love, much to the opposition of the former's family. In his complaint, Govindaraju's brother Timmappa stated that on December 6, the accused beat the lovers black and blue. He charged the accused with dragging Suvarna to his house to hang her. While she was being beaten up, the brothers fled the village and reached Koppa police station.In the complaint, Timmappa said that despite their verbal complaint, some policemen advised him to hide until they were asked to come out. However, following threats to his life by the accused, Timmappa decided to lodge a written complaint. He said he was worried about the safety of his mother and wife.\"We had been living in fear, as they taken away our belongings. Besides threatening us brothers, the accused also insisted other villages not to explain to police what had happened on December 6,\" Timmappa said. Dy Sp Uttappa said they are on the look out for the accused. The police are also looking for Govindaraju to take his statement. SP Koushalendrakumar said the case, registered under various sections of IPC and SC/ ST acts, has been entrusted to Malavalli DySP for investigation. \"I shall study the complaint to find out whether police officers had shown dereliction of their duty even after receiving verbal complaint,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11398698", "title": "Fire breaks out at Shatsri Bhavan in New Delhi, no casualty reported", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fire broke out at Shastri Bhavan on Saturday at around 9 am. According to reports, the incident took place at the MTNL office on the fourth floor. According to English news channel Times Now, eight fire tenders rushed to the spot and the fire has been doused. There are no reports of casualty or injury.Official suspect that electrical short circuit could be the cause behind the blaze.It may be noted that Shastri Bhavan in the capital is an important building with many offices including that of many ministers.With inputs from agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399321", "title": "The Times of India Lakshminarayana Global Music Festival", "text": "The Times of India Lakshminarayana Global Music Festival 2012 will provide music lovers a taste of world music.Here's a unique concert to cap off this superb Margazhi season in splendid style. Violin maestro L Subramaniam is bringing musicians from around the world to the city as part of The Times Of India Lakshminarayana Global Music Festival 2012, a tribute concert to his late father, the legendary violinist V Lakshminarayana.The concert will also feature world musicians Solo Cissokho (kora), Miya Masaokha (koto), Dhafer Youssef (oud), in addition to the violinist's wife Kavita Krishnamurthi Subramaniam, his daughter Bindu, son Ambi and vocalist Narayana. The violinist says, \"The concept of this annual series is global fusion and we have musicians from Japan, the Middle East ( Tunisia ) and Africa ( Senegal ) who will be performing solo pieces. This being my father's centenary year, I have composed special pieces for each of the performers while Kavitha has composed a special song which she will perform with Narayana and Ambi.\"He also reveals that he will be performing a Varnam in 15 speeds and pancha nadai, as a tribute to the celebrated mridangist Palghat Mani Iyer. \"I had recorded this piece in the 70s with Mani Iyer and since this year is also his centenary, I'll be playing this piece in the concert,\" he says.The closing act will see all the performers come together, playing yet another composition specially composed for this concert.It is when you are performing with musicians from around the world that you learn how much Indian music is contributing to world music, says Subramaniam. \"We often tend to think less of our music but we have to always remember that Carnatic music is one of the oldest and well-developed musical systems in the world. Global collaborations help you to seek and pursue new directions in your music,\" he adds.Born and brought up in Chennai, the maestro says it is always a pleasure to be here. \"I still am pleasantly surprised by the spontaneous ovation that the audience here bestows on me every time I perform something new,\" he says.SIR MUTHA VENKATASUBBA RAO HALL, JANUARY 9, 7 PM Complimentary invites will be available at The Times of India office, Chamiers Road, Nandanam, on a first-come-first-serve basis between 10 am and 6 pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394803", "title": "Dalit parties lock horns over memorial for Ambedkar", "text": "MUMBAI: RPI-A chief's Ramdas Athavale's woes are far from over. He may have extracted a few more seats from the saffron alliance. However, the maverick RPI leader has Anandraj Ambedkar breathing down his neck over the Dr B R Ambedkar memorial in central Mumbai. The Ambedkar monument that has become a major poll issue raises a host of questions about the Dalit diaspora.Noted Dalit poet Namdeo Dhasal fired a salvo against Athavale. Dhasal, who has excellent equations with the Sena, is reportedly upset with Matoshree for promoting Athavale. Dhasal and Athavale had a tiff on Thursday at Sena Bhavan where the Sena-BJP-RPI leaders met to discuss seat-sharing. As Dhasal was wheeled into Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray's office, several of Athavale's supporters stopped Dhasal's loyalists at the doorstep. This sparked a row and a fuming Dhasal walked out of the meeting. Later, Athavale tendered his apology to Dhasal. However, the poet is in no mood for a truce. It all began with Athavale sealing a poll pact with the Sena-BJP combine. The alliance has created fissures in the state's multi-layered Dalit movement. Many Dalit activists are opposed to Athavale's breaking bread with the Hindutva brigade.It is in this context that the recent Dalit crusade, led by Anandraj, to set up an Ambedkar memorial on a 12-acre plot of the India United Mills , assumes political significance.Anandraj is the late Dr B R Ambedkar's grandson. Anandraj took charge of the stir and forcibly occupied the now-defunct India United Mills to press his demand that the Maharashtra government should acquire the mill plot from the National Textiles Corporation and clear the decks to set up the memorial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395475", "title": "MIM questions govt\u2019s \u2018incomplete\u2019 compensation list", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unhappy with the list of Muslim youths who were given compensation for being falsely implicated in criminal cases in the aftermath of the 2007 bomb blast in Mecca Masjid, MIM MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi asked the state government to explain why the relief was not extended to the other persons who too were acquitted by court.Speaking at the function organized by the Hyderabad district collector at Jubilee Hall on Friday to hand over compensation cheques to the persons who had been wrongfully detained, tortured and tried by the police, Owaisi said that the government should have followed the list of 71 persons it had prepared. \"The deferment of payment is a trick the police are playing again. Unfortunately, the government is once again toeing the police line,\" he charged.The original list was divided into two categories. The first one contained 21 names, each one of whom was to be paid Rs 3 lakh. The second had 50 names of those who were detained and tortured but not tried. Each one of these was supposed to receive Rs 20,000. However, the government gave compensation to only 61 persons on Friday, 16 of whom got Rs 3 lakh each while 45 others were handed over cheques of Rs 20,000 each.Four persons whose names figured in the first list and were dropped by the government later included Abdul Majid, Syed Imran Khan, Abdul Kaleem and Fayyaq alias Sameer. The police included the name of one Mohammed Rayeesuddin later in that list, eligible for Rs 3 lakh. In the second list, five persons were dropped. \"Compensation will be paid to the rest after reviewing the cases pending against them,\" officials said.\"When these youths were acquitted in the Mecca Masjid blast case, where is the need to consider their cases again? Why are they looking at other cases filed against them? The other cases are irrelevant as they have been acquitted in the blast case. The government should pay all these persons immediately,'' Owaisi demanded. He also demanded action against those policemen who were involved in the harassment of the Muslim youth following the bomb blast.The policemen should be punished too, he added. Minister for minorities affairs Mohammed Ahmadulla said that the government would do justice to the all those who have suffered.Meanwhile, a group of men and women who had gathered at the venue protested the denial of compensation to all those who had been listed earlier. They also demanded compensation for the women who had been booked in other cases following the bomb last and arrest of the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11394565", "title": "I-T chief reaches out to senior citizens", "text": "HYDERABAD: For Prema Malini Vasan, chief commissioner of Income-Tax (CC-I), Andhra Pradesh, senior citizens are of utmost importance. Hence, to ensure that the aged tax-payers are not inconvenienced and their concerns are attended to at the earliest, the chief commissioner has now set up a special cell.Speaking to TOI about this initiative on Thursday, the I-T head said, \"It is important that we reach out to our elderly tax-payers. This is the least we can do for our senior citizens.\"The cell, headed by Vasan herself, will deal only with issues of people above 60 years of age. \"Senior citizens can directly write to this cell with their concerns (regarding tax refunds or other I-T related issues) and we will try to address them as soon as possible. If need be (in case there are immobility issues), the refunds will also be delivered at their doorstep by our employees,\" the chief commissioner said, pointing out how she attached great importance to such an arrangement even during her tenure as I-T commissioner in Chennai.Taking her concern for such tax-payers forward, the I-T chief also noted how there would be special counters for senior citizens and physically-challenged people at the tax offices, during filing of returns in July. Such an arrangement was in fact put in place even last year at both Aayakar Bhavan (Basheerbagh) and Income Tax Towers (A C Guards) to ensure that aged tax-payers did not have to wait in long queues.Vasan, who is into her third month in the city now, assumed charge as chief commissioner-I of AP on November 2, 2011 replacing G Rajeshwar Rao. The former CC-I, who had been brought in from the neighbouring Karnataka (where he was serving as director general, investigations) is currently posted as chief commissioner-III at the same I-T office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11394767", "title": "Order may affect BSP in UP polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission of India has in principle decided to have all statues of Mayawati and that of her party symbol, the elephant, covered ahead of the polls in the state. The announcement could be made on Saturday.Once the order is passed, it would have the most visible impact in Lucknow and Noida where most of the statues have been erected. According to a reply to an RTI query, there are nine statues of the dalit leader in different memorials constructed in Lucknow.Her tallest statue, a 24-feet bronze structure, is at the Pratibimb Sthal inside Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan sthal in Gomtinagar.It cost the state exchequer Rs 1.44 crore.The memorial has two more bronze statues of Mayawati: one inside the gallery and one in the main hall.The statue in the gallery is 18-feet tall and cost Rs 47.25 lakh while the one in main hall is a modest nine feet and cost Rs 23 lakh.Another statue of Mayawati, around 12 feet tall, is at Bhim Rao Ambedkar Samajik Pariwartan Sthal, Gomti Tatbandh.The bronze statue cost the state Rs 20.25 lakh. This statue was once replaced with another after Mayawati spotted some defects in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11394809", "title": "Girl from Bengal raped in Kerala, inquiry on", "text": "KANNUR: The rape of a teenage girl from Bengal on December 23 has once again brought to the fore the insecure condition of migrant labourers in Kerala.The incident happened when the 18-year-old girl from Murshidabad and her family members were returning to Kannur from Virajpet in Karnataka. On the way, they came across four persons, who offered them a lift in their lorry. After travelling some distance, they pushed the relatives off the lorry and raped the girl, according to police reports. Police said Biju, the prime accused, is a history-sheeter.The girl is still admitted to Kozhikode Medical College.Based on the information given by the victim's relatives, the accused were arrested two days later and remanded in judicial custody for 14 days.An identification parade of the accused was conducted on Friday in the presence of Koothuparamba Judicial First Class Magistrate Court (JFCM), V Sreeja, at the special sub jail in Kannur, where the four accused - Biju, Shareef, Salih and Jamsheer - are lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395658", "title": "RTU to incorporate soft skills, cyber laws in engineering course", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Technical University is all set to bring partial changes in first and second engineering semesters in tune with the industry requirements. The decision was taken in a workshop presided by vice-chancellor of the university R P Yadav and 30 directors of engineering colleges held at Poornima College here on Friday.Yadav proposed inclusion of 'soft skills' component and training or courses on cyber crime and professional ethics in the first year of engineering. \"RTU is likely to introduce training /courses on written and spoken English, corporate communication, professional ethics, moral values, cyber laws along with main subjects,\" Yadav said.RTU has taken feedback from prominent recruiters on students selected and passed out from colleges affiliated from RTU. \"They made a suggestion of including soft skills in the curricula besides some courses related to cyber crime,\" Yadav said.The soft skills component will increase employability of the students as many them come from rural and from Hindi medium environment. He added that often it come to the university's notice that despite their intelligence and good score over others, the students were unable to convert job opportunities due to lack of soft skills.The growing cyber-related crimes are also worrying RTU. To create awareness on the cyber laws, it decided to introduce workshops, training and short term courses on cyber laws.\"The rising cyber crimes have worried the corporate. Adding this component will not only sensitize our students but also evade the vulnerability of engineering students in this crime,\" added Yadav, who also advocated of introducing extra curricular activities like participation of students in National Social Service (NSS), scouts or NGOs for the engineering students.The university has also decided to shift the engineering mechanics subject from first the semester to the second semester as a high number of students flunks in this subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11394640", "title": "Collector Karunagaran removed from post", "text": "COIMBATORE: Confirming speculations doing round in the political and bureaucratic circles of Coimbatore for more than a week, the AIADMK government on Friday removed district collector M Karunagaran from the post. Allegedly a close confident of Sasikalaa Natarajan, the friend-turned-foe of chief minister J Jayalalithaa, Karunagaran's further posting has been put on hold and his wife and deputy police commissioner Hema Karunagaran is also facing the marching orders.T N Hariharan, managing director of Tamil Nadu Housing Board and former collector of Ramanathapuram district, has been appointed as the new collector of Coimbatore and the order came into force by Friday evening. The news reached Karunakaran when he was holding a meeting with members of the Estimates Committee of State Assembly.The new collector, who hails from Chennai, went to the temple town of Tirupathi in Andhra Pradesh in a thanks giving visit as soon as he got the information. He is likely to take charge on Monday.The sacking of Karunakaran takes place hardly a couple of days after city Corporation's deputy mayor N Chinnadurai was forced to resign for his close proximity to Sasikalaa. Two zonal chairmen of the city corporation are also likely to be removed.A down to earth and approachable collector, Karunagaran was always the target of his rivals both in politics and bureaucracy ever since he took charge hardly six months ago. Though he was not a relative of Sasikalaa, there was a huge campaign branding him as a cousin brother of the controversial power-broker. When Karunagaran's wife Hema was appointed as deputy police commissioner, their adversaries dubbed that also as the handiwork of Sasikalaa to appease her 'close relative'.According to sources close to the collector, he or his wife never had any relationship with Sasikalaa and they were just members of the same Thevar community to which Sasikalaa belongs to.Sources also blamed a senior minister from Western Tamil Nadu for all the troubles now haunting the collector.Interestingly, Karunagaran won no bad mark during his brief stint as collector and he was approachable to all. He travelled every nook and corner of the district to find a solution to the grievances of the people. His earlier sting as district revenue officer was also controversy-free. On Thursday, he released the new electoral roll of the district. But for the last one fortnight, he was prevented from taking any crucial decisions by higher-ups from Chennai.A law graduate, the new collector had earlier worked in rural development and water conservation areas. It was only very recently, he was made MD of the housing board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401140", "title": "Selena Gomez's obsessive fan given restraining order", "text": "Selena Gomez's stalker has had his temporary restraining order extended for three years.Los Angeles Superior Court Judge William D. Stewart ruled today (06.01.12) that Thomas Brodnicki must stay at least 100 yards away from the 19-year-old star and her family until 2015.The ruling follows a temporary restraining order which was granted in November while Mr. Brodnicki was locked away in a Los Angeles hospital on a 5150 psychiatric hold - which can be enforced if a person is deemed to have a mental disorder which makes them a danger to themselves and/or others.Although he has since been released, the defendant did not appear in court but last month filed a declaration acknowledging and consenting to the order.Selena - who is dating popstar Justin Bieber - first requested the protective order last year after Brodnicki allegedly told a therapist God had ordered him to kill the Disney starlet.Speaking about his obsession with Selena previously, he claimed they would one day be together.He said: \"I'm very anti-material, I don't like even touching anything that isn't Selena Gomez .\"Selena Gomez and I are the holy chosen ones of God. I'm not overly concerned if I meet (Selena) in the flesh because it may be like scripture says ... 'No man has seen the face of God' ... Maybe us being together is too much like seeing the face of God.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393920", "title": "We hope a lot of our fans show up for the concert: Kapadia", "text": "PUNE: They are like the Phoenix , the enduring symbol of rebirth and renewal. That is what fans said when the internationally acclaimed pop-rock ensemble from Pakistan, Strings, resurrected after a hiatus of eight years. The fact that the band could be reborn reinstated the stature of its members as formidable musicians.It all began in the year 1988. Four college students from Karachi came together to make music. They had immense love for this medium of expression and christened their band Strings.In 1992, the quartet disbanded. It came back into the musical realm in the year 2000, but with only two of its former members - Bilal Maqsood (vocals and guitars) and Faisal Kapadia (vocals). What had started between four college students as passionate music had later developed into the powerful and mature sound of two that could cross all barriers.The ensemble, which is set to enthrall the city as part of the Times Pune Festival on January 7, acknowledges its eagerness to be here.\"Our sound relies heavily on guitar, an attribute that the educated audience of Pune admires. This city's music lovers are heavily into rock, much like Bangalore. This is one incentive that tantalizes musicians to perform here. Thus, the excitement with which we come to Pune is inexplicable. We hope that a lot of our fans will show up for the concert,\" said Kapadia.The band underwent two historic phases in its musical journey and Kapadia compartmentalises them as the late 80's and the early 90's. \"When we performed as a quartet, we were still young. We loved music and it was this emotion that prompted us to start a band. After the second album and a video for the song 'Sar Kiye Yeh Pahar', the band disbanded. We were still studying then and music had begun to take up a lot of our time,\" he said.Maqsood and Kapadia wished to resurrect Strings with all its members intact, but fate had other plans. \"We decided to get the band together again, but Rafiq Wazir Ali (synthesizer) and Kareem Bashir Bhoy (bass guitars) were not inclined to, as we were all immersed in our new lives. The good part, however, was that both of us were still with the band. This meant that the sound, music and vocals were the same and our fans could once again relate to the newly revived Strings,\" said Kapadia.'Sar Kiye Yeh Pahar' had left audiences across the subcontinent in awe and, hence, upgrading the band was one of the greatest challenges that stared at the duo. \"We had to match up with what we had left behind in the form of our music. Maqsood had composed numerous songs while the band was in hibernation. 'Duur', the single from our third album of the same name, was one of them. It was this single that gave us the inspiration to get our act together and make a smashing re-entry,\" he said.The album 'Duur', he said, embraced a more mature sound, quite different from their previous endeavours. \"Our first two albums had influences of rock and roll and rap. 'Duur', on the other hand, symbolised our maturing art. The lyrical content for this album was written by the famous poet, Anwar Maqsood,\" he said.The band, as its Indian fans pledge, has been phenomenal. Being a Pakistani act, the duo's musical endeavours have invariably brought the two countries closer. A case in point here is their performance in Aman ki Asha, a joint initiative by the Jang Group and The Times of India, aimed at building stronger relations between India and Pakistan.\"We are fortunate at having received great appreciation from India. India and Pakistan share many similarities, and, thus, peace between the two nations is desirable. We represent Pakistan and feel that it is our responsibility to usher in an optimistic change. Therefore, by collaborating with various musicians in India, we hope to be part of the process that will bring this about and promote amiable relations between both the countries,\" Kapadia added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "gorakhpur (up)", "code": "11403462", "title": "Kushwaha approached us but refused entry into party: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "GORAKHPUR (UP): Taking on BJP over the induction of tainted former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha, Rahul Gandhi today claimed he wanted to join Congress after being sacked by Chief Minister Mayawati but the party closed the doors on him.Addressing election meetings in this eastern Uttar Pradesh district, the AICC General Secretary also said the BJP has inducted a person who is part of the \"corruption race\" in the state just days after their campaign against graft.Rahul said the Congress clearly told Kushawa, who is under CBI investigation in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam, that the party will not take any tainted politician but BJP gladly took him.\"The Youth Congress exposed him(Kushwaha)and his corrupt practices through an RTI(application). He approached Congress and pleaded to take him in the party and save him. But, we refused and said, we would not save you. You will be sent to jail,\" Rahul said.BJP has come under attack including from sections of the party over the induction of Kushwaha after he was raided by the CBI in connection with the NRHM scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394268", "title": "24x7 pharmacy opens at AIIMS, offers big savings", "text": "NEW DELHI: There's good news for 10,000-odd patients, who visit AIIMS' OPD daily.In a first-of-its-kind venture in a government hospital, a 24x7 pharmacy shop opened at the hospital this week has the mandate to provide all medicines and surgical consumables prescribed by an AIIMS doctor to an OPD patient at a 56% discount on MRP across the board.Imagine getting an anti-cancer drug - most of which cost at least Rs 80,000, for around Rs 35,200. Till now, medicines of patients admitted in the hospital's general ward were free or highly subsidized.\"There was no any mechanism to serve the medication needs of the OPD patients. These patients were left with no choice but to purchase the medicines from the private pharmacy shops located across the road at exorbitant prices. These included around 10,000 new patients and double the number of old patients coming up for follow-up, from across the country. Now, this pharmacy will provide all drugs at a 56% discount on MRP,\" said Dr Shakti Gupta, who headed a committee that decided on setting up the pharmacy. A committee, headed by HoD pharmacology Dr Y K Gupta, is overlooking its implementation.Dr Gupta said, \"We have taken a Rs 50-lakh performance guarantee from those running the clinic. If they default, don't provide the medicines, provide substandard medicines or are always out of stock, they will be considered defaulters and lose the Rs 50-lakh security.\"The idea of creating a pharmacy was floated through an open tender. The requirement included that the drugs need to cost 30% lesser than MRP.\"We received 12 proposals. The best proposal offered the drugs at 56% discount - the highest among all tenders,\" Dr Gupta added.At present, the pharmacy caters only to OPD patients being treated by AIIMS doctors. \"The vendor has been told to boldly advertise that all drugs including those needed for chemotherapy here are 56% lesser than MRP. The pharmacy has been stocked as per a list of medicines provided by AIIMS that includes all categories. There can be no compromise on medicine quality and no patient can be turned away by the pharmacy. The monitoring committee will keep a close watch on it,\" Dr Gupta added.The World Health Organization recently said 3.2% Indians fall below the poverty line because of high medical bills. About 78% of Indians spend their entire income on healthcare - a majority of which is because of purchasing drugs.The Planning Commission accepts that out of pocket expenditure to pay for healthcare costs is a growing problem. It says 39 million Indians are pushed to poverty because of ill health every year. Around 30% in rural India didn't go for any treatment for financial constraints in 2004. In urban areas, 20% of ailments were untreated for financial problems the same year. States have cut down on expenses to purchase drugs, adding to aam admi's woes.The Planning Commission's expert group on universal health coverage has recommended ensuring availability of free essential medicines by increasing public spending on drug procurement.Vendor told to boldly advertise that all drugs cost 56% lesser than MRP. There can be no compromise on medicine quality &amp; no patient can be turned away by the pharmacy, says Dr Shakti Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11395371", "title": "Choose between me and Kushwaha, Yogi tells BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Internal bickering in Bharatiya Janata Party over induction of Babu Singh Kushwaha reached a fevered pitch on Friday after Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath issued an ultimatum to the party leadership to show 'scam tainted BSP-discard' the door or face mutiny. Talking to TOI, the three-time MP known for plain-speak said that he had made his displeasure public two days ago.\"I am hurt that no cognizance was taken of my anguish,\" he said. Yogi claimed to have conveyed his inability to work along with the \"scamsters and goons\" to BJP president Nitin Gadkari too. \"Gadkari called me and I told him that under the circumstances I find myself unable to carry on,\" he said.Though Gadkari promised to look into the matter, Yogi sounded far from convinced. \"How could the minister who siphoned off crores of public fund and was the prime cause of hundreds of Japanese encephalitis deaths in Purvanchal due to a forced paucity of vaccine and medicine, be allowed to join us? Aren't we a party which claims to adhere to high principles of public probity?\" he asked.He has also raised the demand for probe to \"identify the guilty who have tried to bring infamy to BJP at the time of election under a conspiracy.\" Yogi's rebellion has rattled the state leadership.The belligerent sanyasi is a popular Hindutva face not only in Gorakhpur but also in neighbouring Deoria, Basti, Azamgarh, Mau, Jaunpur, Siddharthnagar, Sant Kabir Nagar belt . Of late, his attempts to drag the authorities on mat for failure to curb JE menace have won him accolades from among those who criticize his uncompromising stance on religion . \"If Adityanath actually carries out the threat, it could spell doom for the BJP in the region,\" party sources feel. Yogi and the state chief Surya Pratap Shahi have never got along well. The MP had handed over a list of three dozen supporters he wanted accommodated in the final lists and the demand was ignored by Shahi, a party MLA said.\"Already smarting under the slight, Yogi now has a legitimate reason to go public with his grouse,\" he added. Meanwhile voices of dissent rose from other quarters as well. Veteran MP Murli manohar Joshi chided the leaders \"for the blatantly wrong choice\" while Aonla MP Maneka Gandhi said that it was a mistake to have allowed entry to the scam-tainted ministers . It would damage the party, she declared as she complained that senior leaders from the state were not consulted before the decision.There were many anxious moments when Uma Bharati hinted that she might drop her election campaign halfway through and call it quits after January 9. Though after damage control by Gadkari, who reportedly called her, the sadhvi took a U-turn and said she would abide by the high commands instruction, by late evening Uma was heard announcing in Kannauj that she was \"tired and wanted some rest\". If the saffron brigade did not have enough worries, former colleague and rebel Kalyan Singh openly accused the top leaders of inducting Kushwaha for a price.\"Kushwaha has paid his way into BJP. Crores have changed hands and the pile has been shared by a group of party seniors,\" he declared here, leading to much embarrassment to her former colleague. \"Kalyan's rambling is meaningless,\" party spokesperson Vijay Pathak told TOI. It only shows his desperations to get even with the party, he said. However the issue, many in the party believe, may have grave repercussions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11394242", "title": "Vachana singing contest", "text": "HUBLI: Sri Kadasiddeshwara Arts College and H S Kotambri Science College will jointly organize an inter-college vachana singing competition on the occasion of birth anniversary of Shirasangi Lingaraj, in its premises on January 10 in Hubli.Two students from each college can participate in the competition and the winners will be honoured by cash prize and Hallikeri Gudleppa memorial memento. Interested students can register their names before January 8. For details contact: 9448354805.Rifle training campHubli-Dharwad Rifle Association has called upon interested citizens to take part in the 27th rifle training camp. The camp will start from January 21 at CAR Police Grounds on Karwar road in Hubli.The duration of the camp will be 11 days, which includes handling of arms, maintenance and basic rules of the Arms Act and also self protection in case of fire mishaps. Interested citizens of Hubli-Dharwad should submit the application on or before January 15. Contact: 9886723041.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "gondal", "code": "11396857", "title": "392 IMFL bottles seized, three arrested", "text": "GONDAL: Police seized 392 bottles of Indian made foreign liquor (IMFL) worth Rs 1.17 lakh from Ribada village of Gondal taluka on Thursday night on the basis of a tip-off provided by a bootlegger arrested near Rajasthan border. Three persons have been arrested in this connection.The raid was conducted by Rajkot rural Crime Branch officials. \"We received a tip-off about a consignment being ferried in a car and kept a watch near Rabada. Soon we spotted the vehicle with given description and unearthed the secreted cache of liquor,\" one of the investigating officials said.The arrested were identified as Ashish Chauhan, a resident of Ramnathpara, Rajkot, Devendra Mishra from Shivshakti Colony in Rajkot and Pradyumansinh Jadeja, a native of Ribada.The tip-off about this consignment was provided by Shravan Turumaram, a bootlegger, who was arrested near Sayla while he was on his way back from Sachor in Rajasthan where he had gone to collect the liquor consignment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11395741", "title": "Reunion of 51 batches at college", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Government Home Science College, Sector 10, is gearing up to organize an event that would take the institute decades behind in memories. Alumni from even the first batch of the college are expected to attend a mega alumni meet to be held on January 22.\"Back in 1960's, people in the city were keen on finding brides who were expert homemakers. The college used to be most sought after by those looking at polishing their skills to run a great family life. We applied our knowledge gained during home science courses in our daily lives as we had no other choice,\" said Jatinder Rai, an MSc gold medalist, from 1976 batch.Asha Gupta of 1968 batch and Harinder Grewal of 1973 batch got along with Jatinder and a team of college faculty members on Friday to work out the modalities of the event that would witness alumni from last 51 years of this college. Invites are being sent out to alumni spread across Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and overseas, including UAE and US.Remembering her days of college, Asha said teachers were a lot more concerned about their wards back then. \"Once, I got delayed for my BSc final exam as I was caught in the rain. When we reached college, we saw the principal was waiting for us and had already sent a peon to find our whereabouts.\"The organizing team confirmed over 100 entries while several other alumni from Dubai and US are yet to confirm attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11396330", "title": "Cotton College celebrates 100 years of ARB hostel today", "text": "GUWAHATI: Cotton College is all set to observe the centenary celebration of the Anundo Ram Barooah Hostel (ARB), third mess on Saturday and Sunday. The hostel was established around 1913.Addressing the media, Joydeep Baruah, former student and member of the centenary celebration organizing committee said, \"Around 500 ex-students are likely to participate in the programme . We have arranged for a special photo exhibition where rare photographs of the hostel from 1936- 1937 will be exhibited. A lot of former boarders of the hostel have excelled in their lives. We are trying to contact them and also some of the oldest students of the hostel,\" he said.He added, \"On Saturday, there will be a special flag hoisting programme followed by a centenary march and a reunion meet. We will also host an interactive session between the old boarders and the present boarders.\"Kirip Chaliha , ex-MP and former boarder of the hostel said, \"It is going to be a very nostalgic moment for all the old boarders . I am sure everyone is looking forward to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394434", "title": "Achuthan Kudallur has solo show in city after 9 years", "text": "CHENNAI: Canvases of earthy reds and browns and intense yellows line the walls of Vinnyasa art gallery. An alcove is filled with squares of brilliant blue. Artist Achuthan Kudallur's latest solo show, which opened on Friday evening, is proof of his penchant for happy colours and poetic abstraction.Kudallur, who has lived and worked in Chennai from the 1960s, is holding a solo show here after nine years. \"When I went through my catalogues I realised I hadn't had a solo show here since 2002. I was quite nervous about this one because acceptance from your home is the most important,\" he says.Kudallur hasn't shown in Chennai for close to a decade because he has been busy with art camps and has been invited for solo exhibitions in galleries across the country. \"There hasn't been time. There are so many galleries now. You need peace of mind and you need to build a body of work to have a solo show,\" he says, adding that he spent three months planning this exhibition.The acrylics and oils on canvas are priced between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 6 lakh. Most of the 36 works on display till January 20 were done in 2011, though some canvases date back to 2009 and 2007.Though he's always been known for his generous use of colour, his later work seems calmer and more reflective. \"There is no continuing story to my work. I just want to show my love for colour,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11395573", "title": "Isolated rain, thunder showers bring back chill", "text": "KANPUR: Many parts of the city experienced isolated rain and thunder showers during the past 24 hours. There are forecasts of cloudy weather and drizzle at isolated places during the next two days.The maximum temperature dipped by more than 3 degrees on Friday. It stood at 15.2 degrees, the lowest so far for this winter.The minimum temperature slightly increased and stood at 10.6 degrees. Dense fog and colds winds blowing since the past 48 hours left the region chilly.The humidity was high and stood at 98 per cent in the morning, which reduced by 3 per cent in afternoon.The region remained gripped by cold wave. Foggy and misty conditions in the morning caused poor visibility, hampering traffic and disrupting rail, bus and air services. The visibility remained hazy throughout the day. Though the visibility became a bit clear in the afternoon, the fog again covered the city in evening.According to weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the mercury is likely to dip further in the coming days as the entire east UP is in the grip of cold wave. There could be another round of winter rain by the weekend.Western disturbances and fresh snowfall in the Himalayan region have aggravated the cold conditions and the region is not likely to get respite from shivering conditions in the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393461", "title": "MPCB issues notice to 40 industries", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has identified 40 unauthorised industries including 2 IT companies in the Pune division which, its says, have been functioning for several years without complying with environmental norms.\"The industries have been served show-cause notices,\" P K Mirashe, regional officer, MPCB, told TOI on Friday. \"Among them, 38 were small engineering units doing jobs for major manufacturing companies and two were IT companies in the Pimpri-Chinchwad area. None of them have an environment management system for the waste generated on their premises. They have not obtained the MPCB's mandatory consent to operate, which is a violation of environmental enactments,\" he said.\"The two IT companies violating the norms have not initiated adequate measures to treat and dispose of the electronic waste generated and they have not subscribed to the common electronic waste processing facility located at Bhugaon,\" Mirashe said.The engineering units are from MIDC areas in Pimpri-Chinchwad, Pune, Solapur and Satara.Asked how these units had remained unidentified for so long, Mirashe said, \"Most of them are small units doing sundry engineering job works outsourced from big manufacturing companies. Many of them operate in small areas, hence they escaped being detected by our vigilance network.\"Between April 2010 and March 2011, the MPCB has issued show-cause notices to 128 industries for violating environment norms and issued 24 closure orders. \"The board has collected a bank guarantee of Rs 1.96 crore and forfeited bank guarantees of Rs 0.59 crore from industries due to non-compliance of environment norms during this period,\" Mirashe said.In Pune region, there are 2,269 water pollution-prone industries, 2,921 air pollution-prone industries, 1,121 hazardous waste generating units and 5,994 non-polluting industries.\"The monitoring network for assessing air and water parameters is spread across the five main sub-regions offices of the board,\" Mirashe said.The Board's Pune division jurisdiction covers Pune I, Pune II, Pimpri-Chinchwad, Solapur and Satara. Pune I covers the Pune Municipal Corporation area and Daund, Indapur, Baramati, Purandar, Bhor and Velha talukas. The MIDCs are located at Kurkumbh, Baramati, Jejuri and Purandar. Pune II covers the talukas of Shirur, Maval, Mulshi, Khed, Ambegaon, Junnar and part of Haveli containing five municipal councils and three cantonment boards. Under its jurisdiction are the four major MIDCs of Chakan, Talegaon, Ranjangaon and Hinjewadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11388714", "title": "Pooja Bedi to file a case against Colors?", "text": "The fifth season of Colors' Bigg Boss has been a controversy magnet right from the word go.The evicted contestants have declared war on twitter and are supporting their friends inside the house and have not spared even a big star like Salman Khan . After Bedi decided to go public about her views on Salman not treating Sky properly and 'trying to demoralise, confuse, hurt and lie to him', Reports surfaced that she has been asked to be away from the finale. Rumours suggest that the channel has taken this step because she spoke against the show, the host and its contestants.According to our sources, \"The channel, at the last minute cancelled her performances and banned her without giving any explanation. A rather upset Pooja Bedi is planning to file a case against the channel and the production house. As per the contract, every contestant participates in the finale but the channel cancelled her performance four days ago without giving out a proper reason. It's nothing but the power game.\"Says a disheartened Pooja, \"I am taken aback. It's in my contract that I am to attend finale. They blocked my dates and even informed me I was to do a medley. And three days ago abruptly the production house informed me that I was to not attend the finale. They told me that it was the channel's decision, however, the channel blamed the production house.They are putting blame on each other, no one is taking responsibility for the decision and no one is giving me a valid explanation. Other contestants were banned but have now been re-invited. It's all very bizarre! Perhaps a legal notice is only way to get some logical/valid answers for this abrupt decision and why no one is taking responsibility! I am contemplating.. Not sure! Why are they singling me out?Let's see what the channel and the host has to say on this!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393600", "title": "Power failure affects printing of draft voter lists at Savarkar Bhavan", "text": "PUNE: The printing of draft voter lists for the civic elections to be held on February 16 was affected on Friday after a power failure disrupted work at the Pune Municipal Corporation's Savarkar Bhavan office in Shivajinagar.Work was carried out till late on Friday evening to get the electricity restored.The election department of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) had received the voter lists for nine assembly constituencies from the election office in district collectorate on Wednesday. Using these lists, the PMC has to make the draft voter lists.Printing is taking place on the third floor of Savarkar Bhavan and, according to sources, there are four printing machines, each with the capacity to print around 9,000 copies per hour. Vilas Kanade, chief of the Voter List Cell, confirmed the power failure. \"The snag occurred due to overloading of power supply lines. Immediate steps were taken to deal with the issue. The wiring from the ground floor to the third floor was changed and the problem has been solved,\" Kanade told TOI.\"The bifurcation of the voters has to be done from these assembly voter lists,\" said Kanade. \"The voters will be divided into 76 panels and draft voter lists will be prepared. Parts of the assembly constituencies don't fall within the PMC limits, so the voters of these areas are to be deleted from the draft voter lists. The final printout of these lists will be done later. Three voter lists have already been completed.\"The voter lists will be published on January 12. After that, suggestions and objections will be invited from the public by January 17. The lists will available in hard copies, on compact discs (CDs) and DVDs as well as on the PMC's website.Asked if this disruption would affect the publishing of the draft voter lists, Kanade said that there would be no delay. \"The staff is working overnight to make up for lost time. The work of sorting out the lists and counting the voters is being done even after office hours, so we are sure that the draft voter lists will be available on time,\" he said.Deputy commissioner Sunil Kesari said that the power disruption had not caused a major problem, \"We learnt that the available power load was not enough to carry out the works. So we made arrangements to provide extra power supply to the building so that no such problem will occur again.\"Kesari said that electricians had been assigned the task of handling the situation. They will be stationed at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394276", "title": "Actor Mansur Ali held on charges of grabbing land", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil actor-turned-politician A Mansur Ali Khan was arrested on Friday on charges of grabbing land worth Rs 1 crore near Koyambedu belonging to V Duraivelu.Police teams led by anti-land grabbing wing inspector S Vimalan picked up Khan, 48, from his bungalow on Nungambakkam High Road. He was later remanded in judicial custody.About 16-17 years ago, police said, the actor encroached upon a 1,247 sq ft plot of land owned by Duraivelu, a private firm employee, at Puliyur near Koyambedu and built a house. When Duraivelu came to know of it, he questioned him. Mansur Ali Khan, who was then in demand in the film industry, allegedly threatened him with dire consequences and chased him away.The current market value of the land, which Duraivelu purchased for Rs 2.60 lakh in 1994 from a man named Ramakrishnan, is estimated at Rs one crore.In 2005, Duraivelu met the actor who promised to buy the plot of land from him formally. They entered into an agreement and the actor promised Duraivelu Rs 3.75 lakh and gave him Rs 75,000 as an advance.Duraivelu first refused to accept it saying it was far below the market price but later agreed after he was threatened by a few hooligans. Then, he tried to meet the actor to get the amount that was due to him but was reportedly chased away by some of the latter's employees.Subsequently, Mansur Ali Khan moved into the bungalow in Nungambakkam, which is located close to the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) Board office.A week ago, Duraivelu met police commissioner J K Tripathy and lodged a complaint seeking help to get back his property. The petition was forwarded to the anti-land grabbing cell in the central crime branch. An investigation was conducted and the actor arrested.\"The agreement signed by Duraivelu in 2005 was also forged and we have seized the document,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11395784", "title": "Cracks in Congress to the fore at stir against IMC", "text": "INDORE: Infighting in the Congress came to the fore with 10 out of 21 party corporators keeping off the party stir against the BJP-ruled IMC on Friday. Besides, the district planning committee meeting kept three party MLAs away from the meeting, turning the stir into a lackluster affair.Party MP Sajjan Singh Verma, city Congress president Pramod Tandon and leader of Opposition in IMC Abhay Verma, present at the site of agitation squarely blamed mayor Krishnamurari Moghe and his team for the state of paralysis and rampant corruption in the civic body.AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh camp followers like State Youth Congress ex-president Jeetu Patwari kept off the agitation, sources said.Prominent among those participated in the agitation were in-charge general secretary of the district Govind Goyal, State Woman Congress president Archana Jiaswal, ex-city president Krupa Shankar Shukla, state secretary Pankaj Sanghvi and local spokespersons Rajesh Choksey and Narendra Saluja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11396100", "title": "Trinamool promises to be the 'change' Manipur wants", "text": "IMPHAL: Overturning the 35-year CPM regime in West Bengal was no mean feat, but Mamata Banerjee , with her firebrand politics, led a successful Bengal campaign doing just that, which has led to many who want change in Manipur to flock towards Trinamool Congress . Didi's party is considered a party with a 'fresh' outlook, at least in the state, and 'purer' compared to time-tested parties and tainted politicians who have earned the ire of the people because of their corrupt ways.Many young politicians from different parties who desperately want 'change' in their trouble-torn homeland feel Trinamool could bring a breath of fresh air in a state that is infamous for corruption, blockades, insurgency, extortion, human rights abuse, ethnic clashes and so on.\"The people of Manipur are ready to give a chance to a new party and Trinamool could fit the bill. The party's recent electoral success in West Bengal has also given Manipuris the hope that Didi and her entourage could seriously bring a change in the state,\" said Y Khemchand Singh, Trinamool candidate in Singjamei constituency who is locked in a straight fight with assembly speaker I Hemochandra Singh of Congress.The main reason the pro-change people are flocking to Trinamool is that the party has for the first time undone the monopoly of ruling parties by winning every byelection in the state.In February last year, Trinamool's K Sarat Singh defeated Congress nominee S Ranjan in the byelection of Konthoujam assembly seat, which was vacant due to the death of Ranjan's father, assembly speaker S Buddichandra Singh. Sarat Singh's win opened the party's account in Manipur.Many found it hard to believe that Trinamool won in Konthoujam despite chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh and all his cabinet colleagues literally camping in the constituency. Trinamool turned the tide by winning the seat and the result gave the party a pro-change image. Though Trinamool Manipur unit in-charge and Union minister Mukul Roy claimed that Didi's party will win a majority in the ensuing assembly election, many feel it is not practical.But they believe Trinamool will be a dark horse in this election. \"I do not know how many seats Trinamool will win, but many new faces with the potential to win have joined the party. I think the party will surely win a few seats,\" said Raghu Meitei, a local youth.While Manipur People's Party (MPP) has worked out a grand opposition alliance with NCP, RJD, JD(U), CPM and National People's Party (NPP), with BJP also having a separate internal seat-sharing adjustment with MPP, Trinamool has refused to join the political formation.\"We will not enter into any pre-poll alliance with any party as some of these parties are already tainted with graft charges,\" said S Priyokumar Singh, vice president of the Manipur unit of Trinamool Congress. Priyokumar said the party is looking to change the mindset of people by inducting new blood in the political system. \"If we want change, we need to change the old guard. We would prefer young leaders with a clean image and with integrity as our candidates,\" he said.Raj Kumar Shivachandra, a young man who wanted to enter electoral politics for the first time, zeroed in on Trinamool, discarding offers from other parties. \"People want change today and Trinamool offers hope for the youngsters here. After Didi ended the 35-year CPM rule in Bengal, many in Imphal feel if Trinamool could do it in Bengal, it can do so in Manipur as well,\" said Shivachandra, who is the party's candidate in the city's prestigious Keishamthong constituency and is pitted against health minister Jayanta Kumar Singh of Congress.Priyokumar pointed out most of Trinamool's candidates are young and fresh. \"Instead of bringing in old-time politicians, we are experimenting with younger leaders who have the capability to fight.\"Trinamool's target is to field 40 candidates and so far the party has announced the names of over 30 candidates; the assembly has a total 60 seats.\"Many aspirants are approaching our party for tickets and people will slowly witness Trinamool's rise in Manipur's political arena even beyond this election,\" Priyokumar said.Trinamool seems to have set its sights on the 2014 Lok Sabha elections and the party seems to be testing the waters in this assembly election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jeddah", "code": "11403549", "title": "Pak nationals arrested for looting copper consignment in Jeddah", "text": "JEDDAH: At least 10 Pakistani nationals, employed at the Jeddah Sea Port, have been arrested for allegedly looting copper worth 1.7 million Saudi Riyal from a ship.According to reports, the men first took over the ship, which was headed towards the Jeddah port, and divided the copper stock into three parts. One part of the consignment was unloaded at the port while the other one was anchored at an unauthorized warehouse at a remote location in Jeddah. The third part was diverted to Pakistan.The loot came to light when the exporter, to whom the copper shipment was to be delivered, complained of receiving only one part of the actual order.The exporter then lodged a complaint with the crime investigation wing of Jeddah police which subsequently arrested the Pakistani nationals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chevella (ranga reddy)", "code": "11394570", "title": "Not a single gas agency in Jaipal's borough", "text": "CHEVELLA (RANGA REDDY): It may sound strange but Chevella, represented by Union minister for petroleum and natural gas S Jaipal Reddy , does not have a single gas agency of its own. Because of this, over 25,000 residents of the town are having a harrowing time to get cylinder gas supplies.What more, the high- profile constituency is represented by home minister P Sabita Indra Reddy in the state assembly. The residents cry foul as to why Chevella has been denied a gas agency though the constituency is 'home' to two ministers at the Centre and the state.Curiously, the bustling Ranga Reddy district has 52 gas agencies but there is not even one gas agency in Chevella. Hindustan Petroleum gas agency in neighbouring Shankarpalli caters to the needs of Chevella, Moinabad and Nawabpet mandals. Previously, Chevella used to get gas supplies from Shamshabad. \"We have a Union petroleum minister representing our constituency but it does not have a gas agency. The situation demands immediate intervention of the authorities concerned,\" S Srinivas Goud, a local of Chevella, said.Usually, gas companies, as a regular practice, supply only 70% of the demand generated.Regular timeframe set for supply of a cylinder gas in this area is 21 days after the booking. Due to pressure on a single agency to cater to four mandals, the supply is crippled and delayed. As a result customers get the gas fill almost 45 days after the booking.Official sources said that for a population of 25,000 granting at least one gas agency shouldn't be a problem. Mandals like Tandur and Parigi do not encounter this problem as they are considered as urban zones. Chevella along with Moinabad mandals, which have about 50,000 population each, are still considered as rural belts. \"If a single supplier is finding it difficult to cater to the needs gas consumers, the petroleum minister should intervene immediately as he represents Chevella in the Lok Sabha,\" Chevella MLA K S Ratnam said.Seven assembly constituencies fall under Chevella parliamentary constituency. \"Even though there is gas supply problem in the district, supply has improved in some mandals. We will look into the demand of the Chevella residents,\" district civil supplies officer Narasimha Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401166", "title": "Josh Lucas is engaged", "text": "Josh Lucas is engaged.The 'J. Edgar' star - who has previously dated Rachel McAdams, Salma Hayek , and Anne Hathaway - admitted it was a life threatening confrontation with a mountain lion in Big Sur, California, that convinced him his girlfriend, who he refused to name, is the woman for him.Speaking on last night's (05.01.12) 'Tonight Show With Jay Leno', he said: \"I knew (she was the one) on a kind of interesting trip that we took. I was doing this great movie in Big Sur, California and it was a very, very low budget movie. Often times they put you up in these terrible, little hotels and so they said you have $30 a day of a hotel allowance. And I used that money to find my own place to stay. And there's this guy who has an eco resort. We stayed there and had our first night. It was absolutely wonderful.\"The next day she stayed in the trailer, I hiked down and went to work. And we worked that day at this beautiful house in Big Sur and all over this house were signs that said, 'Beware of mountain lions.' What to do in case you see a mountain lion - all the noises you're supposed to make, clanging, yelling, make yourself as big as possible.\"That night, I then go home at 4 o'clock in the morning and I don't have a flashlight. And as I'm going up, I get to the point where I can see nothing, I am now going along hand by hand and I hear, totally serious, two big breaths, and six feet above me, I see the very slight glint of the eyes of a huge mountain (lion) and I literally proceed to do what I had just read in the instructions. And I started screaming and yelling and literally being as crazy as I could be. It padded off and just slowly went away and I worked my way into the trailer and I got in and I decided at that moment that this woman was the woman for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11396255", "title": "Murder case to be handed over to CBI", "text": "GUWAHATI: A bench of Gauhati high court on Friday directed the state government to hand over journalist Anil Mazumdar's murder case to CBI within 15 days. The high court directive came after the court found the status report of the case submitted by city police and the CID not satisfactory. Eariler, the high court received a status report from city police and the CID on Wednesday.Mazumdar, the editor of a local vernacular was killed by unidentified miscreants on March 24, 2009 in front of his office. Immediately after that, a case (114/09) was registered in the city's Chandmari police station under section 302/34 and 27 of the Arms Act.The state government too announced that the culprits would be caught within 48 hours. However, since then no one was arrested and the investigation department of CID allegedly failed to reply to the queries of Mazumdar's family.Dissatisfied with CID's role in the case, the victim's wife filed a writ petition (5885/11) in the HC here and prayed to the court to take an effective step to find the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11404037", "title": "NIOS felicitates topper students", "text": "PATNA: National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS), Bihar and Jharkhand, on Saturday felicitated its four meritorious students. These students have brought honour to the state and school by being among toppers in senior secondary and secondary class examinations held in October 2010 and April 2011, a press note by NIOS regional director T N Giri said on Saturday.At a function held here on Saturday, Patna University VC Shambhu Nath Singh handed over the felicitation certificates to these students. The students are Nadia Afzal and Neetu Kumari of senior secondary class who have scored 86.80% and 85.80% respectively. Ranjan Kumar and Punam Devi of secondary class have scored 85% and 84.40% respectively.Apart from felicitation, NIOS has also given these meritorious students incentive money of Rs 5000 each for pursuing further education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11396045", "title": "Bisons sighted in Bor after 7 years", "text": "NAGPUR: Bisons are regularly sighted in most protected areas of Vidarbha, but Bor wildlife sanctuary had always been an exception. On Friday, the sighting of a bison pair in the sanctuary thrilled not only wildlife buffs but forest officials too.The two bisons were sighted on Manoli road at 10.10am by tourist Chetan Bujade and others from Reshimbagh. For the visitors, it might be routine, but forest staff were happy, since the last recorded sighting of a lone bison in Bor, 60km from Nagpur, was in 2004.After learning about the sighting, range forest officer (RFO) SW Naik also visited the spot and confirmed that the pair was of bisons.\"The mammals were sighted in compartment no. 222 (B). The last official record of bison sighting was in 2004,\" Naik said.Earlier, Mohan Jha, chief conservator of forests (CCF), Amravati Circle, had said in January 2009 that he had sighted one bison in Khorikhapa area during a field training session. \"I had asked the then RFO to keep track of the animal, but it was not sighted again. Bisons must be moving through Bor,\" Jha said.The news of bison sighting has thrilled wildlife buffs too. Naturalist Kundan Hate claimed he had sighted a solitary bison in 2004 in the same Manoli area where it has been resighted.Conservationist Prafulla Bhamburkar of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) said bisons, popularly known as gaurs, are long-ranging animals and travel long distances. The mammals might have come to Bor from Pench-Mansingdeo-Bor corridor crossing national highway no. 6. \"Long-term survival and conservation of these huge herbivores depends on the availability of preferred plant species for food,\" he added.According to ecological behaviour of gaurs, in January and February, they live in small herds. In April or May more animals may join the herd for mating and individual animals may move from herd to herd, each mating with several females, says Bhamburkar.A study on the presence of bisons needs to be done at Bor, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11396232", "title": "Leave our internal matters to us: NSCN-K", "text": "DIMAPUR: The NSCN (K), while soliciting co-operation and participation of civil societies and Nagas in the process of moulding or formulating crucial national policies and programs, on Thursday said the internal matters of NSCN (K) should be left uninterrupted so long the opinions and views of those concerned are not sought.\"The internal matters of NSCN (K) should be left uninterrupted so long the opinions and views of the people concerned are not sought or in other words the civil societies are asked to do a thorough background check of any issue, acquire basic content and context of the nature of the issue,\" a statement issued by the outfit stated.It said without knowing an iota of the issue and simply rushing to the press merely for the sake of publicity and in turn negatively implicating the NSCN (K) rather aggravates the situation, than diffusing the crisis.The NSCN (K) further suggested that those civil societies trying to intervene, mediate or interfere in any issue, should be prepared to give justification and provide credible evidence as and when required.\"May it also be advised that for such intercession, one should also be prepared to sail through till the logical conclusion of any crisis and not to simply meddle for one's own convenience or attempt to take undue advantage of NSCN's moderation,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11394316", "title": "Music concert in Belgaum from today", "text": "BELGAUM: Art and music department of Sri Saraswati Vachanalay of Shahapur here will organize a two-day music concert, in the memory of legendary Hindustani musician Pundit Kumar Gandharva, for two days from Saturday at Ramnath Mangal Karyalaya in Bhagya Nagar. Veteran classical vocalists from Karnataka and Maharashtra perform during programme.Pundit Vijay Sirdeshmukh from Pune, a disciple of late Kumar Gandharva will inaugurate programme at morning 10am. Sonal Shivkumar from Mumbai and Pundit Vijay Sardeshmukh of Pune will give vocal performance from 11.30am to 2pm. Symposium on 'music students of today and past' will be held at evening session.In the morning session of second day, vocalists Pundit Sudhir Pote of Kolhapur and Pundit Digvijay Vaidya from Pune will perform, while Keshav Joshi from Bangalore will perform solo tabla. In the evening, Ruchira Kedar (Kale) and Ustad Aslam Khan from Mumbai will give vocal performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11395425", "title": "Decline of Farsi language", "text": "The ongoing fifth biennial conference of the America-based Association of the Study of Persianate Societies at Maulana Azad National Urdu University has belied, at least temporarily an old adage--'Padhe Farsi beche tel', meaning 'studied Persian, selling oil.' Economically speaking, the study of Persian was of no use. Ironically, in India where Persian reigned as the court and administrative language for several centuries, the adage still holds good.But following the 9/11 terrorist attack on New York's twin towers there has been a renewed interest in the West in the languages and cultures of the East. The languages that have been given special attention include Arabic, Persian, Turkish and Urdu. Now more Americans and Europeans appear to be learning these languages with generous support from the government, various trusts and funds and the universities.The changed scenario gives hope that those who are living outside the Western world will also take up these languages, gain expertise and undertake research. Even in India where English rules supreme, learned men and women of Persian language and culture would be required to provide better links with Iran and other Persianate societies as well as a fair understanding of the medieval period.Iran was once known as Paras and its language Parsi.The Arabs called Paras as Faras because Arabic does not have alphabet P or Pa. They replaced the letter P with F and for over 1400 years Parsi was known as Farsi and country Faras. Over time the term Faras also gave way to Iran. The Indian sub-continent came under the influence of Persian with the establishment of sultanates in Delhi in the beginning of 13th century CE by Persianised ethnic groups from Central Asia. The sultanates were followed by the Mughal empire in 16th century. Though the Mughals had Chagatai Turkic as their mother tongue, when it came to administration, they decided to retain Persian.According to noted medieval India historian Muzaffar Alam, Persian became the lingua franca of the sub-continent during the reign of Akbar. Alam suggests that Persian was used as the preferred language for different political and social factors, mainly due to its non-sectarian and fluid nature. The use of Persian became so important country-wide that even the Sikh king Maharaja Ranjit Singh made it the language of his court.In the North the mixing of Persian and Turkic language speaking people with Indians, was already resulting in new forms art and culture by the 14th century. Sufi saint poet Amir Khusro is a shining example of that era who eulogised India as no one else had done before and even said the Persian spoken in India was better than the Persian used in Iran.In the Deccan it became the court language of Bahmanis and their successor states such as in Bijapur and Golconda/Hyderabad. The language was not restricted to the courts alone. It burst out from the palaces and castles onto bazaars giving birth to Deccani, the language in which many sultans wrote poetry and became a catalyst in the evolution of Urdu. Though the Deccani was becoming popular, the Qutub Shahi sultans didn't replace it as the court language. According to Mustafa Kamal, an expert on Deccani, no Qutub Shahi king, including the last one Abul Hasan Tanasha issued his firman (Royal decree) in Deccani.He said there are instances where the Telugu translation of these firmans is seen, but nothing in Deccani. The Asaf Jahs who succeeded Qutub Shahi kings retained Farsi as the court language. The Viceroys and the residents corresponded with the Nizams first in Farsi and later in Urdu and English. The reign of Farsi came to an end in Delhi in 1830s and in Hyderabad in 1886. In the Delhi of British Raj, it was replaced with English.In Hyderabad, Urdu donned the mantle of official language and retained that status only for 62 years. Hyderabad is said to be one of the biggest repositories of Persian manuscripts and documents. At the State Archives and Research Institute there are about 15 crore documents, half of them in Farsi. The Oriental Manuscript Library and Salar Jung Museum are the other two major centres where Persian manuscripts and documents are found in large numbers.Among the four major universities in the city, only the University of Hyderabad does not have a department of Persian. Though fewer students are opting for Persian, the departments of this language at Osmania, Eflu and Manuu are functioning well.The language experts and cultural enthusiasts believe that the government should look at the collection of Persian books, manuscripts and documents as an asset and encourage students to undertake research. They fear that with the declining numbers of experts in Farsi, this asset will become meaningless and the glorious link with the past will snap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11396726", "title": "CM influencing booth-level officers in Margao: BJP", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has charged chief minister Digambar Kamat with trying to influence booth-level officers (BLO) by forcing them to act as per his instructions.On Friday, BJP youth leader Sharmad Raiturcar also took strong exception to the appointment of political workers as the BLOs. \"Recently, some of the BLOs were summoned and instructed to delete the names of BJP supporters from the voters list without any valid reason. Besides, there are many BLOs - for instance, in ward number 6, ward number 26 and ward number 34-who are well-known supporters of the chief minister,\" Raiturcar said.He also pointed out that a certain BLO has been registered as a voter in two constituencies. \"This particular BLO from ward 34 of Margao constituency, is registered in the Margao voters list at Sr no 473 in part no 34, and is also an ordinary resident and voter of 33-Navelim constituency along with his family at Sr no 475. The said BLO is recently employed in the office of the excise commissioner,\" Raiturcar said further demanding that the election commission take immediate cognizance of the \"misuse and deliberate fraudulent actions\" and take action against the guilty.Raiturcar, also charged the chief minister with \"fooling\" innocent youth by showing them signed job orders and then expressing his inability to give those jobs citing election code of conduct. \"The BJP is not against jobs being given to deserving youth and want more and more of them to get employment. But we want to ask the CM why he did not issue those orders before the code of conduct came into force. The CM is fooling the educated and deserving youth and trying to play with their sentiments.\" Raiturcar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11395693", "title": "Abhishek wants to build a time machine...", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If Abhishek Verma, an architecture student from Chandigarh College of Architecture, was to live his wishes before the doom, he would start with filling the 'matka' at Matka Chowk with beer and celebrate his last birthday with binge drinking and running around on Madhya Marg. The budding architect doesn't want to build a building but a time machine that takes him back in time.Next in his list would be to get a private jet and fly away with his girlfriend to get a bird's eye view of the world as it comes to an end on December 21, 2012. Crazy, as it may sound, but, this is how Abhishek wants life to be on D day if it is last.\"It is always fun to do things restricted by the establishment. As one is not even allowed to drink beer on the road so, filling the matka with the beer and then getting drunk would be an experience of a lifetime. I will call it a 'talli' party for my friends,\" said Abhishek.The most important though of his many wishes is to have a time machine that allows him to travel back in time to spend the moments he had lost with his family. \"I have been away from home since I was in Class XI. But looking back, I realize I lost many important moments which I would have cherished otherwise,\" he said.The 'fun factor' in Abhishek's life is an important part as he creeps in another wish of organizing a rock concert in his doomsday list. \"I want to invite my favourite rock bands and celebrities to a concert that goes on until artists get tired,\" he said.The end reveals the hopeless romantic in the architect, who wants to be with his ladylove, when it arrives. \"When the world starts getting doomed, I would fly away with my girl friend as I want to be with the one I love till the end.\"Not interested to accumulate luxury cars and beach houses, Abhishek's wishes are more about collecting happy memories that last. \"I want to fill my bag with memories and carry them to the next lifetime. If I recollect past life then by any chance, I would be glad to remember these memories rather than a sporty car,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11394702", "title": "'Discover Bihar' promotional event in city today", "text": "HYDERABAD: In its first major initiative to promote Bihar as a tourist destination, the Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation is organising a series of road shows in 10 cities kick-starting with Hyderabad on Friday.The 'Discover Bihar' event features a folk dance recital by a cultural troupe from Bihar at The Marriott, Tank Bund from 12 noon.Apart from Hyderabad, New Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Guwahati, Mumbai, Jaipur and Ahmedabad are among the cities where these promotion events will be held.Highlighting the tourism potential of the state, a spokesperson said that Bihar has several tourist attractions including Sonepur, Bodh Gaya, Nalanda, Vaishali, Sesaram, Rajgir and Gaya.The 'Land of Monasteries' is known for its mahotsavs such as the Rajgir Mahotsav at Rajgir where the royal palace is located, the Bodhi Mahotsav in Bodh Gaya, a religious site and place of pilgrimage associated with the Mahabodhi temple complex in Gaya district.Bodh Gaya is famous for being the place where the Buddha is said to have attained enlightenment. Surya Mahotsav and Koshi Mahotsav, too, figure on the list of colourful fetes and festivals celebrated in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11400583", "title": "Music is spandex for my soul: Tisca Chopra", "text": "...and it never lets my spirit sag, says Tisca ChopraYour favourite bathroom number? Currntly it's Teri Meri Prem Kahani from BodyguardWhen do you listen to music? All the time, especially when I'm travellingWhat kind of music do you like listening to? Reggae, Country, Sufi and the regular mainstream Bollywood music.What musical instrument do you play or like to learn &amp; why? I used to play the sitar when I was in school for school concerts but later I was lost touch with it. I'd like to learn to play the saxophone because it's beautiful visually and in terms of sound too. I'd also like to learn to play the chello.Your favourite singer Kishore Kumar is my all-time favourite singer. I also like Billy Joel , Simon &amp; Garfunkel, Liza Minelli , Rahat Fateh Ali Khan , Sonu Nigam , Shreya Goshal and Sunidhi Chauhan .A song that holds special meaning for you &amp; why? Sara by Bob Dylan because my husbands says that Bob must have thought of me while singing the song.One song that always puts you in a good mood La Isla Bonita by Madonna simply because it reminds me of being on a holiday.What's playing on your mp3 player at the moment? Bossa Nova, Rihanna , Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber .A music icon you would love to meet and why? Michael Jackson . I'd like to die and meet him.Music to you is... Spandex for my soul. It never lets my spirit sag.The one voice that speaks to me is... Rahat Fateh Ali KhanThe song that I work out to I love European Bhangra beats when I'm doing cardio and some flute or jal tarang while doing yoga.The song/album that I cry to Caravan Guzar Gaya from the old Hindi movie Caravan . It reminds to the nature of the passage of time.The song/album that makes me nostalgic and why? Rumors by Timex Social Club. It reminds of the time when I a teen in Delhi and sneak out to this club called Ghungroo and dance to this song.If I could, I would like to sing a duet with With anyone who'd like to sing with me. When I sing in my head, I sound better than Lata Mangeshkar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11403741", "title": "Dal Khalsa slams Badal for giving ticket to Alam's wife", "text": "AMRITSAR: Condemning SAD (B) for allotting Malerkotla ticket to the wife of Izhar Alam, Sikh radical organization Dal Khalsa has accused Badal' s for rubbing salt on the festering wounds of the aggrieved Sikhs.In a statement issued on Saturday party head HS Dhami said \"despite Panthic outcry, Badal has allowed Alam to contest by proxy\".However he said that \" Congress, which is responsible for Sikh genocide, didn't give ticket to Virk, while Akali Dal that claims to have fought against state repression has given ticket to Alam\". He urged Sant Samaj head Baba Harnam Singh Dhumma to speak out against SAD (B) for giving ticket to Alam's wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11393931", "title": "NDMC in licence fee row with two prime city hotels", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) hopes to optimize revenue through fresh bidding for its Hotel Taj Mansingh property, the civic agency has not been able to recover licence fee what it claims amounts to Rs 512 crore from two other properties- Le Meridien and Connaught Hotel. NDMC officials said while Le Meridien owes the civic agency Rs 416 crore, including interest, Connaught Hotel has dues amounting to Rs 96 crore.NDMC has five hotel properties within its jurisdiction, where land and in some cases, both land and building, have been given out on lease. The properties comprise Bharat Hotels (Lalit), Connaught Hotel, Le Meridien, Metropolitan Hotel and Taj Mansingh. Sources said Le Meridien and Connaught Hotel were leased for 99 years.According to the contract, Le Meridien had to pay 21% of its gross turnover or Rs 2.68 crore per annum-whichever is higher-to NDMC. Similarly, Connaught Hotel had to pay 23% of its gross turnover or Rs 21.08 lakh per annum. Amit Prasad, director, press and information, NDMC, said, \"Both Le Meridien and Connaught Hotel owe NDMC a huge sum. Our records show Le Meridien and Connaught Hotel have to pay Rs 416 crore and Rs 96 crore respectively.\"According to NDMC rules, the civic agency charges an annual licence fee on the properties given on lease. \"In these cases, the land and building is owned by NDMC. But these hotels have not been paying licence fee regularly, which has resulted in a huge loss to the agency. We had taken legal action and the matter is sub judice,'' said an NDMC official.A few years after Le Meridien started its operations in 1998, it got embroiled in a dispute with NDMC over the amount payable to the latter as licence fee. The matter was taken to court. \"The Delhi high court had ordered Le Meridien to pay Rs 1 crore a month to NDMC and Connaught Hotel to pay Rs 20 lakh a month,'' said a senior NDMC official.Tarun Thakral, chief operating officer, Le Meridien, said, \"The matter is sub judice. Since the 2005 HC order, we have been paying NDMC Rs 1 crore a month. We have paid close to Rs 72 crore so far and had also paid a huge amount earlier. There are certain clauses in the agreement that are being interpreted differently by us and NDMC. The amount computed by NDMC is much higher than that calculated by us.\"In case of Connaught Hotel, sources said NDMC is mulling reclaiming its property, but the owner of the hotel has agreed to settle the issue. \"I want clear all the dues. I'm paying Rs 20 lakh a month to NDMC. I have asked NDMC for reasonable instalments, ,'' said Ramesh Kakkar, managing director, Connaught Hotel. NDMC officials said they will pursue the matter in court as the revenue loss in these cases runs into crores and these are the prime hotel properties in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11395756", "title": "Engineering Expo begins, SMEs on their toes", "text": "INDORE: The 'Engineering Expo' began at Labh Ganga ground here on Friday. More than 200 exhibitors are taking part in the event, which will conclude on January 9.The exhibition showcases the strength of local SMEs in the region and preparations by them in wake of arrival of IT biggies like TCS and Infosys in the city.\"The IT companies may not directly impact the already existing industries, but they might help us as the consumption will shoot with the rise in the financial status of the people living in the city,\" Sandeep Naolekar, managing director of Darling Pumps said.\"We are still waiting to hear that both the IT firms have anchored their bases in Indore before we start gearing up to meet the demand,\" Ajay Sevekari, director of Bridgestone, said.The other segments of SMEs include automation and instrumentation, auto and auto components, chemicals and allied products, wires and cables.The exhibition was shifted to the current venue, from the Sports Ground, after protest from sportsmen.Defending the change of site, M Sharma, general manager of Indo-German Tool Rooms told TOI that the new site was more important as it is easily accessible to the visitors coming from various parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "11394841", "title": "Undertrials\u2019 suicide bid in prison van", "text": "BARASAT: Three undertrial prisoners attempted to commit suicide inside a prison van on their way to the Barasat district court from Dum Dum jail on Friday to protest against the delay in court proceedings. For two of them, this was the second attempt.Police said the incident occurred around 1pm when 12 prisoners were on their way to the Barasat court. Just as the van was entering the court premise, accused drug peddlers Samir Mistri, Bidhan Sen and Debasish Chakraborty fished out a blade and slashed their wrists and chest. The trio bled profusely. They were taken to Barasat District Hospital and were later brought back to the court after medication.\"Despite our repeated appeals, we were being harassed by the delay in court proceedings. That's why we tried to commit suicide,\" said Bidhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11394771", "title": "5 days after, school owner nowhere in sight", "text": "AMBALA: It has been five days when several students got killed in a school van and truck collision, however, the police have not been able to catch the owner of Arjun Public School, Ajmer Singh. Angry kin of the victims and villagers have blamed cops for their \"carefree attitude\" in arresting Ajmer.On Friday, the villagers let out their frustration by shooing away district administration officials who visited Pasiala village to attend the funeral of the two kids who succumbed to their injuries on Wednesday night.Resident of the village Rakesh said, \"Ajmer has gone into hiding and cops are yet to make efforts to trace him. We lost our precious young ones but it seems the officials are non-serious in the matter.\"In the meantime, SHO Amar Singh of Saha said, \"Police teams are at work and we hope to arrest the man by Friday night.\"The school van was ferrying 29 kids against the sanctioned capacity of just nine including the driver, on Monday morning, when the fatal accident took place. Inquiries had revealed that the van had got a clearance in the name of some other school, and was playing against the guidelines of the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11395344", "title": "Celebrating 75 years of educating the people", "text": "PANAJI: Seventy five years ago, in the Latin quarter of Panaji, Manguesh Surlacar decided to give his son Jagdish a special gift on his birthday. He gifted him People's High School-a humble abode with two rooms, two teachers and 11 students.Today, the school is a force to be reckoned with in this modern, hi-tech age and stands firm at the platinum threshold of its lasting determination, with over 2,000 students and an accomplished alumni to match.The grandeur of the school today, palpable in the enthusiasm and reflections of current students and alumni alike, is a testimony to the endurance and resilient foundations of its founder, Surlacar. After finishing his studies at Bombay's St Xavier's College, Surlacar snubbed offerings of a lucrative career elsewhere and returned to his native Goa to establish the school in Mala, Panaji.The time back then, was not altogether conducive to the launch of such a school, with conventional policies being a deterrent. Establishing an English-medium school during the times of colonial Goa, weighed-in at many different levels-not the least of which was a lack of trained staff. However, riding the crest of an education revival wave, endorsed by the likes of Narsinha P Sukerkar, Vitthal Sukathankar and Balkrishna Savardekar, Surlacar too emerged as the leading education reformer of a repressed era. The launch of his school on December 9, 1936, was also the launch of the first English-medium school in Panaji.Over the years, People's High School evolved with a fair share of accolades and challenges. The School for Appropriate Learning (SFAL), a first-of-its-kind for students with special needs, came into being in 1986. Further, the higher secondary section was also started in 1988, providing, amongst other streams, programs on vocational studies to help students gain basic skills in order to be a part of the general workforce.Seventy five years on, the dedication and enthusiasm of the current and former students reveal themselves to be as sweeping as that of its founder's. To celebrate the platinum jubilee of the school the alumni has come together to mark a memorable moment in the history of its alma mater.The curtain-raiser event scheduled for December 7 at Kala Academy will feature a keynote address by India's leading economist Naseer Munjee, an alumnus of the prestigious London School of Economics , titled Education and Beyond. The keynote will be followed by an entertainment programme presented by the present and past students of the school.Another striking feature of the event is a three-day 'Back to school' programme where alumni from the world over will wear the school uniform, stand in the assembly, sing the school prayer and go to class and be taught a lesson or two from their former teachers.The core committee organizing the event, under the leadership of Victor Albuquerque of Alcon Victor Group, has further resolved to consolidate the ongoing infrastructural upgradation by providing the students with a much-needed school auditorium and a sports room. These refurbishments are being carried out under the watchful guidance of architect Rahul Deshpande, who is the grandson of Surlacar.In an era where the leading educationists have made the medium of instruction a dominating focal point of the education debate in the state, People's High School carries on as an institution that has dedicated itself to the seminal philosophy it has been teaching its younger ones since the past 75 years-\"The school and we are one. What we are, the race shall be.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394498", "title": "India hopes Turkey won\u2019t choke oil supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh US and EU sanctions on Iran's oil trade could create more hurdles for India in routing payments to Teheran, but New Delhi does not expect any immediate disruption in supplies since it feels a blockade of the key shipping route of Hormuz Straits is unlikely.The continued tension between the US and Iran, however, has the potential to push up international crude that will increase pressure on the government to raise domestic fuel prices, a top government functionary said on Friday.Now, India pays Iran about $1 billion every month through Turkey for the 370,000 bpd (barrels per day) of crude it buys from the world's fourth-largest oil producer.\"Though Turkey has not said no to us yet, there are chances that it may come under pressure after the fresh round of US sanctions,\" the functionary said on condition of anonymity.If Turkey blocks routing the payments, India would be without an alternative since Russia too has declined to route the payments. A multi-disciplinary team is to visit Teheran later in January to discuss the issue.New Delhi's reading is that Teheran is unlikely to carry out its threat to choke the Hormuz Straits, which accounts for over 20% of the world's oil shipments. India gets about three-quarters of its crude needs through imports, and Iran is its second-largest supplier after Saudi Arabia.Many in the government believe that the posturing is rooted in Iran's domestic politics. For one, it would show Iranian president Ahmedinejad as a toughie against the West and prop up his falling popularity at home.One official, however, said if the Hormuz Straits was to be blocked, India's annual supplies of 94.82 million tonnes of crude from six West Asian countries could be hampered. The six countries, including Saudi Arabia and Iran, supply 58% of India's total annual consumption of 163.59 million tonne of crude.India, however, sees oil prices rising if the tension between Iran and the West continues. \"If that happens, it will be difficult for us to manage,\" the official said, pointing to the Rs 135,000-crore revenue loss that state-owned oil firms estimate at current oil prices on selling motor and kitchen fuels below cost. We are finding it difficult to meet even these under-recoveries (revenue loss),\" the official said.The new sanctions against Iran come with a wide range of exemptions and a grace period of six months. The EU is also debating the number of months it would wait to implement the sanctions and if long-term supply deals should be allowed to be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11396453", "title": "Gandhigiri: Humiliation for many", "text": "RANCHI: Gandhigiri resorted to the traffic police during the road safety week a week ago may have welcomed by some, but many thought that they were subjected to humiliation by the cops.\"We realized that people prefer paying fines than wearing helmets, so we came up with the idea of spreading awareness and Gandhigiri. We hope that this awareness week was effective and people will now at least know why a traffic rule is necessary,\" said Ranjit Prasad, the traffic SP.The traffic police had started garlanding the two-wheeler riders who did not wear helmets. By the end of the week many people welcomed the punishment, while some offenders complained that earlier they could get away with fines but now they are being humiliated.Rajesh Kumar, a local said, \"It is a good step taken by the traffic police. Now the people will wear helmets to escape from being humiliated.\"As part of the traffic awareness week, hoardings were put up at various locations of the city and pamphlets and booklets were distributed to the drivers and riders to inform them about traffic rules.\"The pamphlets include instructions about the traffic rules regarding parking and driving rules along with the guidelines on driving etiquettes, while the booklets consist of various road signals,\" said Prasad.A group of traffic policemen along with Prasad and SSP Saket Singh visited various educational institutions to organize workshops about traffic rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394198", "title": "No leniency for rash, negligent drivers: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday said there was no scope of any leniency in the justice delivery system for those found guilty of rash and negligent driving resulting in death of people.\"While considering the quantum of sentence to be imposed for the offence of causing death or injury by rash and negligent driving of automobiles, one of the prime considerations should be deterrence,\" said a bench of Justice P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar.The bench frowned at the Punjab and Haryana High Court's decision to reduce the two-year prison term imposed on two drivers, who rammed their vehicles against each other in October 1992 near Amritsar resulting in the death of four passengers, to the prison term already undergone. Thus, the convicts were let out after spending 15 days in jail.The bench re-imposed the two-year jail term on the two convicts. This means, 13 years after they were released from prison on serving 15 days imprisonment, both would be taken into custody to serve the remaining part of the two-year sentence.Justice Sathasivam, writing the judgment for the bench, said, \"The persons driving motor vehicles cannot and should not take a chance thinking that even if he is convicted he would be dealt with leniently by the court.\"He added, \"For lessening the high rate of motor accidents due to careless and callous driving of vehicles, the courts are expected to consider all relevant facts and circumstances bearing on the question of sentence and proceed to impose a sentence commensurate with the gravity of the offence if the prosecution is able to establish the guilt beyond reasonable doubt.\"The bench said if one had to become a good driver, he must have better training in traffic laws and inculcate moral responsibility to the potential injury to human life and limb.\"Considering the increased number of road accidents, this court, on several occasions, has reminded the criminal courts dealing with the offences relating to motor accidents that they cannot treat the nature of the offence under Section 304A IPC as attracting the benevolent provisions of Section 4 of the Probation of Offenders Act, 1958,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "palakurthy (warangal)", "code": "11395369", "title": "Naidu stirs up \u2018T\u2019rouble", "text": "PALAKURTHY (WARANGAL): Chandrababu Naidu's Rythu Porubata yatra in Warangal district in support of farmers was marred by unprecedented violence on Friday even as the TDP president tried to buy peace with pro-Telangana groups by declaring that he had never spoken against the Telangana statehood issue.While the Telangana activists enforced a bandh in Warangal district in protest against his visit, Naidu said he would never speak against Telangana in future also. \"I have always told my Telangana TDP leaders to respect the sentiments of the people and act accordingly,\" he said at a well-attended public meeting at the mandal parishad office grounds in Palakurthy on Friday evening. Even as he was addressing the crowds, a pair of shoes was hurled at him which led to commotion as police removed the protesters, who jostled with TDP workers.Naidu said Telangana is a sensitive issue. \"I don't want to comment on the issue. The ball is in the Centre's court and it is for the central government to solve the contentious issue,\" he said. \"I am fighting for the cause of farmers and shall not be cowed down by threats, stonepeltings and protests,\" Naidu asserted and said Telangana witnessed development during TDP's rule.He promised nine-hour power supply to farmers and said his failure to supply free power to ryots had led to party's defeat at the hustings in 2004. He also took a dig at TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao, saying had he given the post KCR had hankered for, the regional party would not have taken shape.Earlier, right from the time he set out on his yatra in a 250-vehicle convoy in Hyderabad in the morning till he addressed the public meeting in Palakurthy town, Naidu faced violent protests by Telangana separatists led by TRS. During the 120-km route from Hyderabad, the Telangana activists made several attempts to block Naidu's cavalcade by hurling stones, eggs, tomatoes, slippers and broomsticks even as thousands of TDP workers welcomed him with bouquets and garlands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396166", "title": "Discourse on East Africa at Gujarat Vidyapith", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To celebrate renowned business person Kalidas Mehta's birth centenary and to mark the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas on January 10, Gradi Research Institute for Diaspora Studies ( GRIDS) and Gujarati Sahitya Academy, Gandhinagar have jointly organized a public discourse on Tuesday.The discourse, 'East Africa - Before and Today', will be held at the Gujarat Vidyapith.During the function, two books - Gujaratis of East Africa by Pravin Sheth and Jagdish Dave and Happening State Gujarat: A Live Case of Can-doism by Dr Pradip Malik, journalist and senior editor of Times of India group's Ahmedabad Mirror, will be launched.Lord Bhiku Parekh, noted Indian Diaspora scholar, will inaugurate the books and speak on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11396404", "title": "Hurkisondas hospital to shut down, for good?", "text": "MUMBAI: The premier SoBo tertiary-care Hurkisondas Nurrotumdas Hospital and Research Centre at Charni Road announced on Friday that it would be shutting down with immediate effect in order to facilitate extensive 'repair work and upgradation of facilities'. The real reason could be otherwise as the trust running the 85-year-old hospital, in an internal notice, stated that it was bleeding financially, besides witnessing a drastic drop in patient inflow.The announcement created a flutter as not many expected the hospital, which has been funded by Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Industries for over a decade, to shut down unceremoniously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11395735", "title": "Varsity gets 2 Centres of Excellence projects", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University has been selected by the University Grants Commission for two proposals under Centre for Excellence in Particular Area (CPEPA). These include applications of nanoscience, nanotechnology and nanocomposites, whose coordinator is Bhupinder Singh Bhoop and the total amount sanctioned by UGC is Rs 3.55 crore. PU is one among the two universities in the country to get the sanction. The other project includes Cultural Fixation on Honour: A Gender Audit of Punjab and Haryana, whose coordinator is Rajesh Gill and the total amount sanctioned for the project by UGC is Rs 1.85 crore.Panjab University sought proposals from all the departments and faculty members and two inter-disciplinary domains were selected by the selection committee. The university duly applied the comprehensive inter-disciplinary research project proposals in July 2008 in response to UGC notification in June 2008.Out of scores of proposals submitted by various universities across the country, the standing committee of UGC shortlisted 16 proposals out of 12 universities for an interface meeting and discussion on action plan and budgetary requirements in July 2010.A team of 9 faculty members of the Panjab University presented the two proposals lead by Bhoop of UIPS and Rajesh Gill of Sociology, respectively in their office in New Delhi. Finally, the standing committee of the UGC approved 12 proposals from the 10 universities for the award of the CPEPA status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394443", "title": "Govt mulls ban on portable ultrasound machines", "text": "NEW DELHI: You must have heard of doctors being on-call. But, are you aware of diagnostic and imaging machines like a portable ultrasound?An increasing number of portable ultrasound machines are being registered as being \"on call\", or the devices could be taken anywhere anytime to conduct an ultrasound test.Delhi was the first state to register such \"on-call\" portable ultrasound machines, a trend that has now spread across the country.The Union health ministry says the trend is in violation of the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act (PC &amp; PNDT Act), which allows ultrasound machines to be portable only within the premises of hospital or clinic registered under the Act.The ministry has mooted a proposal to ban such \"on call\" machines - a move crucial to save the girl child. It will be taken up at the Central Supervisory Board (CSB) meeting in Mumbai on January 14.CSB is headed by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad and his counterpart in the women and child welfare ministry Krishna Tirath.The board is responsible for overlooking the stringent implementation of the PNDT Act that bans female feticide.\"When somebody registers a clinic, they have to on paper mention the doctor who will operate the machine and mention the model of the machine being used. The person may have a portable ultrasound machine. He or she then offers his or services to other clinics not having an ultrasound machine or to gynecologists visited by pregnant mothers, saying they would conduct ultrasound tests on demand and be on call,\" an official said.The official added, \"Such portable machines are being taken in two-wheelers to conduct the sex determination of an unborn child. We have found such machines hid under beds in Haryana. According to the Act, even if a portable machine is used, the vehicle needs to be registered and should be a mobile clinic providing a bouquet of medical services.\"Though, Delhi has banned registering \"on call\" machines, no concrete action to track and stop the use of these machines has been taken yet.CSB is also looking at putting an end to multiple registrations of doctors at various ultrasound clinics.\"We recently found 21 ultrasound machines registered under a single doctor. This means these clinics have been individually opened with one single radiologist manning it. How can one doctor operate 21 machines at the same time?\" a ministry official asked.CSB will decide how much time should a single radiologist spend in a clinic and how many s/he can be a part of.The ministry has written to the ministry of information technology to block all websites advertising sex-selection techniques.India has about 35,000 ultrasound clinics. Earlier, studies had said about 5-7 lakh girls a year, or 2,000 girls a day go missing in India due to female feticide.Census 2011 showed that India's child-sex ratio had dipped to 914 girls against 927 per 1,000 boys recorded in Census 2001 - the worst dip since 1947. India has shortlisted 18 states that are worst affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395544", "title": "Mayor puts his wrong foot forward", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mohd Majid Hussain's first day as mayor began on a controversial note on Friday. He made officials wait for him during inspection of ongoing works at Hafeezbaba Nagar in the Old City and also got into a verbal duel with Majlis Bachao Teherek (MBT) corporator at Dabeerpura.GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu had a harrowing experience under the new dispensation when he was caught between rivals - MIM and MBT. It's his wont to visit various areas to inspect works along with the officials concerned every day.As usual he decided to inspect Murikinala and ongoing Dabeerpura rail over bridge (ROB) works in the Old City on Friday. His programme was fixed on Thursday afternoon and it was communicated to the zonal commissioner of South Zone and officials concerned. It is also the practice in the GHMC to inform local representatives i.e., corporators as they could bring problems of the locals to the notice of the commissioner. However, mayor Majid Hussain decided to take part in the commissioner's visit and conveyed the same to GHMC officials at about 7.30 am.By the time, the information reached the commissioner all the officials assembled at Omar Cafe at Hafeezbaba Nagar. Krishna Babu also reached the spot by 8 am and waited for nearly half-an-hour for the mayor. Later, the mayor along with the commissioner visited areas where the Muriki Nala works were going on.Sources said as the officials reached Dabeerpura, some MIM corporators told the commissioner not to inspect the Dabeerpura bridge (as it is in their rival MBT corproator's jurisdiction) and wind up his visit.Mayor Majid Hussain and Azampura corporator (MBT) Amjadullah Khan had an altercation over the inspection.While the Azampura corporator insisted that the commissioner inspect the Dabeerpura ROB work as per the schedule, the mayor and other MIM corporators asked the commissioner to examine it some other time. There was a heated argument between the MIM corporators and Amjadullah Khan. Finally, Krishna Babu inspected the bridge and directed officials to speed up restoration works of the Dabeerpura bridge.Soon after taking charge, the mayor landed himself in a spot by removing photographs of the President, Prime Minister and chief minister in his chambers. Instead, he hung the photographs of Sultan Salauddin Owaisi, the founder of All India Majlis Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM), MIM president Asaduddin Owaisi and party floor leader in the Assembly, Akbaruddin Owaisi.Sources in the General Administration Department (GAD), which handles protocol issues, said central government offices put up photos of the President and Prime Minister. Similarly, state government offices and offices of department heads have the photograph of the chief minister.Former mayor Banda Karthika Reddy had put all three photographs (President, PM and CM) in her chambers, which were removed by the new mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "11394741", "title": "Class VIII girl pregnant, cops yet to arrest youth", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Police took two months to book an 18-year-old youth for violating a motherless 13-year-old girl, who is now 8 months pregnant.A case was registered against him at Radaur police station on Thursday.It was in October when the Class VIII student of a government school in a Yamunanagar village began to show noticeable signs of pregnancy that the school authorities informed her uncle and father, who got her examined at a hospital. Her uncle then lodged a complaint of rape against the youth.Preferring to avoid the situation , the school authorities asked the victim to stay at home.The daughter of a truck driver, the girl had lost her mother two years back and was putting up with her uncle, where she came in contact with the accused, Neeraj, who was employed in an orchard.''We have already asked the sarpanch of Ladwa village to hand over the accused if they spot them. We have also sent teams to various places to arrest him,'' said Radaur station house officer Mahender Singh.Meanwhile, the school authorities confirmed that the girl was been attending classes since October, but denied asking her to stay back at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399934", "title": "I find cooking therapeutic: Neha Dhupia", "text": "...states Neha Dhupia , who is a big foodieMY PERSONAL DE-STRESS MANTRA IS... Doing yoga. I have been practicing it for a while now. I find it very relaxing and soothing at many levels and would never skip it for anything. I do yoga five to six days a week for an hour a day. Apart from this, I regularly visit the spa and get therapeutic massages there.IN MY LEISURE TIME... I often go for a swim or play squash and go for it at least twice a week. I love to read so whenever I can, I pick up a book, fiction and non-fiction. I don't always make time to watch TV but I really enjoy watching Mad Men and Modern Family . If there's a film I want to see, it'll have to be at a theatre. I have to say music fills my leisure time to a great extent. I listen to almost everything, apart from rap or hip-hop, and I like to experience music live so I love going to concerts and attending live gigs.A COOK OR A FOODIE... I find cooking to be therapeutic, but I admit, I don't cook very well. I am a big foodie but I try and eat healthy and go organic as much as possible. I enjoy eating at home and out equally, however, a home cooked meal scores higher than outside food on any good day.MY HOBBIES... My hobbies include work and travel, and the two sort of complement each other. My work requires me to travel and one reason I enjoy what I do so much, is because it offers excellent perks like travelling. I love visiting exotic places and my holidays are generally to the lesser known pockets, where I can soak in the culture and spirit of that place.HOMEBODY OR PARTY ANIMAL... I am a complete homebody, not a party animal. I attend parties only when they are work or film related or if they are for a really close friend. I prefer spending time with friends and family at either my home or going over to theirs.TIPS TO DE-STRESS My ultimate idea of de-stressing is either going for a jog or a run or detaching oneself from everything and practicing yoga and meditating. Family is the ultimate support system one can have and I feel the best way to overcome stress is to talk about and discuss the issues that are bothering you and then have a good sleep; starting afresh with a new day and a clear mind.As told to Lisa Antao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11396813", "title": "Ex-school teacher emerges kingpin of fake note rackets", "text": "VADODARA: A teacher from a little known town who drove a Mahindra Scorpio to being a prime accused in the sensational star ruby triple murder case and now an alleged kingpin in fake currency rackets busted recently by the state police - Jayanti Pateliya has come a long way. Agencies are now looking to get access to Pateliya to interrogate him in connection with the rackets.Pateliya was arrested in connection with the sensational triple murder case on February 6, 2007, and has since spent time here in the central jail barring around five occasions when he was granted paroles. Pateliya was largely forgotten till his name started cropping up in connection with fake currency rackets in the state busted by the anti-terrorist squad, Anand police and special operations group (SOG) of Panchmahal police.Pateliya was a teacher in Shahera town of Panchmahal district, but unlike most teachers drove around in a Mahindra Scorpio. He hit headlines after he was arrested in connection with the murder of Darshan Thacker, Darshan's brother Mihir and one Balkrishna Patel. The case had begun as a simple missing persons' report filed by Lalitchandra - father of Darshan and Mihir - as the brothers had left home on December 6, 2006, but did not return till December 15, 2006.An abduction FIR was subsequently registered and little happened in the case till February 6, 2007, the day Pateliya landed in the police net. Pateliya spilled the beans and revealed that he along with the murder victims had gone to strike a deal for a gemstone believed to be a costly star ruby worth crores. The stone was provided to them by a dealer Gopal Haryani. To get the stone Pateliya got the other three killed on December 6, 2006, itself. The bodies were buried near a temple near Jodhpur village in Panchmahal district.\"While inside the jail as an undertrial, Pateliya met Abdul Manan Sanullah Sheikh, who was arrested in a fake currency racket case. He decided to use Sheikh to procure fake currency and circulate it in the market. We are checking his cellular phone details when he was out on parole to work further in the case,\" said Panchmahal police SOG police inspector M V Kikani. He added that the police will seek custody of Pateliya to interrogate him.Pateliya's name also cropped up in ATS investigations after Sheikh was arrested for the second time last month in a fake currency racket. Anand police that had also busted a fake currency racket involving an accused from Surat also said that Pateliya's name had cropped up in the investigations. \"Pateliya is an accused and his role in the racket is being probed,\" said Anand local crime branch police inspector J B Gohil.Sources said that Pateliya had moved out of the prison on five occasions on paroles. \"We will look into his movements and activities during this period too,\" said Kikani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399449", "title": "James Vasanthan launched his music academy", "text": "Music director James Vasanthan launched his music academy in the city recently.He says, \"There are very several platforms available for music aspirants to showcase their talents. But my academy will help them in correcting their lacunae, as pointed out by experts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11394670", "title": "Rs 225 cr project to resolve water crisis in Palladam", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents of Palladam municipality, 23 town panchayats and over 995 rural habitations in the Coimbatore-Tirupur region can rest assured of improved water supply in the near future as the Tamil Nadu Water and Drainage Board (TWAD) will soon start work to lay pipelines and overhead tanks that will ensure drinking water to the relevant areas. If the project is completed as per schedule, residents can avail drinking water from the Pillur I scheme within the next 24 months.As per the project, TWAD will supply 125 million litres of water per day under the Pillur I scheme to Palladam municipality and neighbouring areas. The Pillur II scheme, which is in the finishing stage, will supply the 65 mld of water to the corporation that is currently being supplied by the Pillur I scheme. Consequently, water from the latter scheme can be diverted to Palladam and its neighbourhood.According to a senior TWAD official, the water supply to Palladam will be fully operational in another two years. He confirmed that Rs 224.92 crore has been earmarked for this purpose. The official also revealed that an estimated population of 12.29 lakh people will benefit by the Pillur I scheme.As of now, there is already a pipeline laid till Palladam area through which water is supplied. A new pipeline of a thickness ranging from 1,000mm to 2,000mm will be laid from Karattumedu near the periphery of Coimbatore corporation to Palladam municipality, which is a 47km stretch. In addition to laying the pipeline, TWAD will construct 77 overhead tanks in urban areas with a capacity ranging from 20,000 to 6 lakh litres. In rural areas, 25 tanks with a capacity of 10,000 litres will be built.This project will bring great relief for the people of Palladam, said S Jagdeesan, a resident of Palladam and former councillor of ward number nine of the municipality. \"As of now, people receive water once in six days. The entire area endures severe drinking water scarcity. This project will resolve the water crisis,\" he said. The municipality has already paid Rs 8 crore to TWAD to supply additional water under the scheme, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394583", "title": "China at it again, denies visa to Arunachal officer", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has put \"on hold\" the visit of a 30-strong military delegation to China next week after Beijing refused to issue a visa to one member, a colonel-rank IAF officer who hails from Arunachal Pradesh.However, the defence and external affairs ministries surprisingly gave \"different spins'' to the controversy. Defence ministry sources said the entire visit was being called off after China's visa denial to Group Captain M Panging, who incidentally is posted as the chief operations officer at the Sukhoi-30MKI fighter airbase at Tezpur, before the delegation's slated departure for Beijing on Sunday.MEA sources said all 30 passports of the Indian delegation \"were withdrawn'' because MoD \"bungled'' in not taking the \"mandatory prior approval'' from the screening committee headed by the cabinet secretary before submitting them to the Chinese embassy.Nevertheless, the controversy sent shockwaves across South Block. For one, the India-China annual defence dialogue (AAD) held in New Delhi just last month had decided to \"enhance military exchanges'' as a major confidence-building measure between the world's two largest armies who share an unresolved 4,057-km Line of Actual Control.The AAD, in fact, was touted to have significantly brought down tensions after the Dalai Lama episode led to the scrapping of talks between national security adviser Shivshankar Menon and his Chinese counterpart Dai Bingguo on November 28-29, which was to include the inking of a new bilateral border mechanism to prevent flare-ups.For another, as a follow-up to the AAD, a 29-member Chinese military delegation undertook a four-day visit of India, which included a tour to the parachute regiment at Agra, in the last week of December.The Indian tri-Service delegation, headed by an air vice-marshal and including Group Captain Panging was to visit a few military facilities in China from January 10 to 13, apart from interacting with their Chinese counterparts, sources said.China, which lays claim over Arunachal Pradesh to the extent of dubbing it \"south Tibet'', has time and again denied visas to those hailing from the state despite Indian protests.Bilateral relations, incidentally, had also taken a nose-dive in July 2010 after China had denied a regular visa to the then Northern Army commander Lt-Gen B S Jaswal on the ground that he was commanding forces in the \"disputed and sensitive'' region of Jammu and Kashmir.It had led India to freeze all defence exchanges with China till an Indian delegation led by Maj-Gen Gurmeet Singh, commanding a Rashtriya Rifles division in J&K;, visited Beijing in June last year.China is more rigid over Arunachal, with its troops frequently intruding into Indian territory across the LAC. In fact, Chinese troops had damaged a 200-feet long stone wall in Tawang region of Arunachal Pradesh on July 13 last year, which was subsequently re-built by India after lodging \"a strong protest'' with China.The AAD last month, chaired by defence secretary Shashikant Sharma and PLA's deputy chief of general staff General Ma Xiaotian, had agreed that differences in the political and military arenas should be managed in a more mature fashion, without any needless scoring of points.The two sides had decided that while resolution of the long-festering boundary dispute \"would take time'', the two armies should ensure that \"peace and tranquility'' was maintained all along the LAC in all the three sectors - western (Ladakh), middle (Uttarakhand, Himachal) and eastern (Sikkim, Arunachal).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11396744", "title": "Two more held in Rafiq Gaay murder case", "text": "VADODARA: City police arrested two more persons in Rafiq Gaay murder case on Friday. The accused are believed to be aides of Aslam Haidermiyan Sheikh alias Bodiyo, prime accused in the case.The crime branch of the city police arrested Ashfaq alias Babal Iqbal Sheikh, a resident of Yakutpura in the city, and Tanvir alias Tannu Shabbir Malik for their role in the murder that took place in Fatehgunj area on December 20.The breakthrough was made after the names of the duo cropped up during the interrogation of Aslam, Ramzan Chhotumiyan Sindhi alias Kaliyo and Ishrat Imtiazali Saiyed alias Khali.Police received information that Ashfaq and Tanvir were in the city and nabbed them from Yakutpura, sources said.Aslam, Ramzan and Ishrat are in police custody till Saturday. Ashfaq and Tanvir are expected to be presented in a court on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394291", "title": "Of dreamcatcher and committee of sleep", "text": "MUMBAI: The French surrealist poet, St. Paul Boux, would hang a sign on his bedroom door before sleeping: \"Poet at work\". For long, Dr Deirdre Barrett of the Harvard Medical School has been going one step beyond Boux's favourite pursuit: she intercepts dreams and cracks the mystery behind what she merely terms as \"thinking in a different biochemical state\".The author of the recently released 'Supernormal Stimuli, The Committee of Sleep and The Pregnant Man' caught up with TOI at IIT-Bombay's Techfest that opened on Monday, and explained why some of us recall dreams and some don't while also explaining the effect stress has on dreams. She says, most astonishingly, each year we all have close to 2,000 dreams.\"As a child, I remembered many of my dreams and that fascinated me. So I have been working in this area extensively. A lot of ordinary people and clinicians are interested in my work.Earlier, I worked with a lot of trauma cases, people who would get a lot of nightmares. I helped them re-direct them to positivity.John Steinbeck often said, \"It is a common experience that a problem that seems difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.\" You say that many times, the answer just lies in our dreams. Is that true?\"Dreams do that spontaneously for a lot of people. Anything that is thought of a lot in the waking state automatically is dreamt of. Dreaming is nothing but thinking in a different biochemical state; they give you a better perspective. In dreams, we hallucinate about things as they were really there. The best example is Kekule who reported that his Nobel-prize winning realization of the structure of the benzene molecule as hexagonal rather than straight came after dreaming of a snake grasping its tail in its mouth, something very different than what chemists were thinking about.\"Why do some people say they do not dream? Does that have any relation to stress? We dream a lot more than we remember. We dream every 90 minutes. So, if we sleep for eight hours, we get about five dreams. Most don't recall all the dreams, and those who do, mostly remember the one that they get just before the waking hour. Dreams have little to do with stress. But the rate of recall varies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11394593", "title": "Hunt for parking space before city date with jet set", "text": "KOLKATA: For a city where big business hasn't always been enthusiastic to make a touchdown, it's a happy problem of plenty.The West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC) is scrambling to find parking space at the Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International Airport for at least six private jets that will land on January 9 for an industry meet organized by the state government. Officials say it's the first time in 15 years that the airport will host such a large fleet. The last time it received an entourage of private jets was in 1996 when British Prime Minister John Major arrived with a three-jet fleet to attend the CII Partnership Summit.Even as the state government sees huge potential in Bengal Leads 2012 - the B2B industrial fair that it hopes will help attract investment in the cash-strapped state - it has more immediate issues to manage. The six leading industrialists who will arrive in private jets are DLF vice-chairman Rajiv Singh, Punj Lloyd chairman Atul Punj, Indonesia-based mining company Bumi Resources chairman N A Rathore, JSW chairman Sajjan Jindal, TVS chairman Venu Srinivasan and Universal Success chairman Prasoon Mukherjee. The TVS chairman may come on January 14, the closing day of the meet, sources said.Jet parking: Govt will write to AAIPepsiCo India chairman Manu Anand, ITC chairman Y C Deveshwar, along with the company's executive directors, TAFE chairman Mallika Shrinivasan, S K Birla Group chairman Siddharth Birla and General Motors director Christopher B Bird are among those who will attend Bengal Leads 2012. Some of them may arrive in private jets.WBIDC managing director Nandini Chakraborty said she would write to the Airports Authority of India (AAI) to arrange for parking for the private jets. \"We shall get the detailed travel schedule and the carrier numbers by Saturday. After that the state government will approach AAI. This is perhaps the first time that so many private jets are coming on a single day. The number could increase as we are expecting more confirmations,\" she said.It's not just parking space that the industry leaders are enquiring about. Some of them, like Bumi's N A Rathore, use a Boeing 747 and aren't sure if the city airport can provide landing space for jumbo jets. WBIDC is also facing enquiries on whether the airport has adequate ground staff to handle the fleet of jets. On a normal day, NSCBI Airport can accommodate two to three private jets in its parking bays. Some more can be accommodated in a remote parking bay. Sources said the parking bays of the international terminal could be used if the air traffic isn't heavy.According to sources, 32 big companies are putting up stalls in Bengal Leads. These are PepsiCo India, Gujarat Ambuja Cement, ITC, MCC PTA, JSW, Matix, Gail, SBI, TIL, Telcon, Universal Success, South Asia Petro etc. \"There will be industrialists across the sectors - from food processing, engineering to farm equipments,\" a source said.Besides, leading industrialists from the state like Sanjiv Goenka, Harsh Neotia, M K Jalan, C K Dhanuka, Sanjay Budhia have given their consent. There will be special sessions on automobile, MSME, tourism, infrastructure, food processing and information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394163", "title": "Start of \u2018Thai\u2019 month is New Year\u2019s day for Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Former chief minister and DMK president M Karunanidhi on Friday said he would celebrate the birth of Tamil month \"Thai\" (January) as the dawn of New Year.\"Only the Tamil people have the right to decide when the festival should be celebrated. Last year, we celebrated it in Thai (January) and we will celebrate it this year also,\" he told reporters here upon his return from Tiruvarur after visiting the 'Thane' cyclone affected areas.In 2008, Karunanidhi had announced that Tamil New Year would be celebrated on the first day of the auspicious month of 'Thai,' coinciding with the harvest festival of Pongal. However, the Jayalalithaa government had reversed the New Year to the month of 'Chithirai' (April) after it assumed power.To a question on the alleged delay in relief works in cyclone affected areas of Cuddalore and other areas, he said he was of the opinion that opposition parties should cooperate with the government at such times. Karunanidhi had earlier said that he will assess various relief measures required to be taken by the Central and state governments and take it up with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11395924", "title": "Cook caught for trying to bribe cop", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Vigilance sleuths on Friday arrested a government employee for allegedly trying to bribe a senior police officer to recruit some persons in the police department.The arrested person was identified as Bijay Kumar Sahoo, a cook at the police training school in Nayagarh district. The anti-corruption officers seized Rs 2.48 lakh from Sahoo. He wanted to give the amount to DCP of the traffic training institute Sarat Chandra Bisoi to help appoint four men in the class-IV (group-D) recruitment drive in police.\"We caught him with the money outside Bisoi's residence. Sahoo confessed to collecting the amount from four persons to get them jobs,\" vigilance DSP Trinath Patel said.\"Sahoo came to my house on Thursday night and gave indication about the bribe. I threw him out of my house. I never imagined he would return on Friday,\" the police officer said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11395677", "title": "Police to check their drivers' eligibility", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the wake of recent incidents of accidents involving police control room (PCR) vehicles, Chandigarh police have decided to check the licences and other documents of their drivers. This exercise is to ensure that only competent and trained drivers drive police vehicles.Roshan Lal, deputy superintendent of police (communication), said, \"So far we have checked the documents of around 150 drivers of gypsies and two-wheelers. This will avoid accidents involving police vehicles.\"He said the drivers have \"unintentionally\" forgotten to renew their licenses in certain cases. We would also upgrade their driving skills under demanding circumstances,\" Lal added. Chandigarh police have about 100 PCR vehicles and every vehicle has about three drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "11396304", "title": "JV plant proposal leaves BVFCL employees in a tizzy", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A proposal of the Planning Commission to set up the fourth unit of the Brahmaputra Valley Fertilizer Corporation Limited (BVFCL) at Namrup as a joint venture undertaking has set alarm bells ringing among the employees.Recently, the Planning Commission stated that the ailing public sector unit should search for joint venture partners for financing the project instead of seeking funds from the government.Following the Commission's observation, the ministry of chemicals and fertilizers on November 28, 2011 had a meeting with Oil India Ltd and Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizer Company Ltd (GNFC) in New Delhi to discuss the proposal. The fertilizer ministry is also trying to rope in ONGC, GAIL and the Assam government in the proposed joint venture.Reacting to the recent developments, the Namrup Fertilizer Workers' Union said issues concerning the fate of the employees should be addressed first before executing the proposal.\"We're not against the proposal but in the present circumstances, BVFCL has no funds to invest in the new plant. It can provide only land and building. But if it doesn't have more than a 50% stake in the joint venture, it will lose its hold and the future of the current employees will be at stake. We fear that there will be major retrenchment of old employees. So it is our appeal to the Planning Commission to review the decision and sanction the necessary funds for establishing the new plant,\" said Tileswar Borah, the general secretary of the BVFCL workers' union on Friday.He also demanded revision of wages and enhancement of retirement age of the employees from 58 years to 60 years. The union has dispatched a memorandum containing their charter of demands to the Prime Minister.Significantly, the ailing BVFCL in recent times has been unable to cope with the surging fertilizer demand from both within and outside the country owing to a sharp fall in production. The shortfall has been blamed on the \"outdated technology\" of the existing plants known for their low production capacity and high energy consumption.The three plants - Namrup-1, Namrup-2 and Namrup-3 - were set up in 1969, 1976 and 1987 respectively. In 1986, the aged Namrup-1 plant was shut down by the management. The operational plants - Namrup 2 and Namrup-3 - produce less than 3.5 lakh MT of urea annually, far below its optimum capacity of 5.55 lakh MT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11400607", "title": "Congress-TMC row: Congress is free to quit alliance, says Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister and Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Banerjee on Saturday said that the Congress party was free to quit the alliance they share at the centre.\"If Congress feels they can go with CPI-M, they can do it. The door is open. We can do it alone,\" Mamata Banerjee said.She added that the Congress was spreading canards against Trinamool Congress because her party opposed FDI in retail and petrol price hike.Mamata said that the Congress interfered with the federal structure and included Lokayukta in the Lokpal Bill. The Congress, she said, \"worried because we decided to contest the assembly polls in UP and Manipur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393770", "title": "Rs 3.80L looted from liquor shop owner", "text": "PATNA: Even as the top brass of the Patna Police claim intensive patrolling in the city, three motorcycle-borne criminals looted Rs 3.80 lakh in cash in broad daylight along with the motorcycle of a liquor shop owner, Jitendra Kumar, near the Bahadurpur road overbridge (ROB) under the Patrakarnagar police station on Friday.Jitendra's outlet, Wine Shop, is located under the ROB on the Kankarbagh Old Bypass Road. One of the employees of the shop, Murari Kumar, said Jitendra, who had drawn Rs 3.80 lakh from a private bank at the Rajendra Nagar roundabout, was parking his two-wheeler on the opposite side of the shop around 12.45 pm when the incident occurred. The cash was kept in the dickey of the two-wheeler, he said and added that three youths riding a motorcycle stopped there and took the shop owner hostage at pistol point.\"The criminals asked Jitendra to hand over the key of his motorcycle to them,\" Murari said and added that when the wine dealer refused to give the key, one of the youths opened fire. The bullet passed grazing Jitendra's hand. The employee said Jitendra fell on the ground after which the criminals took the key of the motorcycle and sped away from there on his bike along with the cash kept in the dickey. He said two of the criminals brandished countrymade pistols while escaping towards Kumhrar.\"At first, I could not recognize that it was my employer, who was targeted by the criminals, as he had fallen on the ground. When I recognized him, I ran towards him. The criminals opened fire in the air to terrorize locals,\" he said and added that he informed the Patrakarnagar police station about the incident.City SP Kim, SDPO (Sadar) Rashid Jaman and local SHO Dhirendra Pandey reached the spot and started investigation into the case. Kim said the criminals opened fire in the air to terrorize locals. Raids were on to arrest those involved in the cash loot, she said and added that Jitendra did not sustain any bullet injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395518", "title": "2,800 kg of spurious ghee seized", "text": "BHOPAL: In a raid on a city-based trading company, the food and supply department of the district administration on Friday seized around 28 quintals adulterated ghee. The raid was conducted at the Shyam trading company, Quazi Camp in the city.The food inspectors sealed a factory of Ram Kumar Bhurani and Raheez Khan and seized raw material weighing 100 quintals from there. The factory is located behind the Reliance petrol pump at Qazi Camp, Berasia road.\"The duo was allegedly producing adulterated ghee by mixing dalda, vanaspati and soyabean oil and supplying it to nearby small villages,\" food inspector DK Verma said, adding, \"They had started this business a month ago. Even residents had no clue about business of adulterated ghee being run from here.\"The administration has filed a case against the accused under the Food Safety and Standard Act 2006.In a similar incident, the Additional District Magistrate Court of Gwalior had passed an order against them and fined them with Rs 22 lakh for adulteration of food products last year. This fine was slapped on December 2 last year. Before slapping the fine, these businessmen were also booked under the Food Safety and Standard Act 2006. It was perhaps the maximum fine in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11394449", "title": "Two engineers held after market brawl", "text": "GURGAON: The DLF police have arrested two engineers working with Maruti Suzuki for their alleged involvement in a brawl on Thursday night at Galleria Market.They were identified as Himanshu and Dev Ahlawat, residents of Panipat and Sohna Road in Gurgaon. According to the police, the incident took place in Galleria Market around 11:40pm on Thursday.The two engineers also abused a girl who was there at the market with her boyfriend. They refused to pay heed to a kiosk operator, Sanjay Kumar, who had asked them to stop the violence and broke kiosk glass pane apart from hurling abuses at the operator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399924", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan lets his hair down", "text": "King Khan recently got his long locks chopped off for a more decent look in Yash Chopra's film.First he threw his weight around. And now he is letting his hair down. And Shah Rukh Khan is doing all this for Yash Chopra's next film. Ok, let us explain.After losing that extra weight and bulk he had acquired for his last two action films, Shah Rukh Khan has now let go off his long locks. Finally you would get to see your good (should we say 'old') SRK in his original avatar. Sources close to Khan have confirmed that Shah Rukh has recently got celebrity hair-dresser Dilshad Pastakhia to give him a new hairdo and she chopped off those extra-long tresses.So after all that experimentation for Ra.One and Don 2 , SRK will be back to his 'decent' form for Yash Chopra's film. And we aren't complaining!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393630", "title": "Gold chains worth Rs 2.95 lakh snatched in 4 incidents", "text": "PUNE: Four incidents of chain-snatching were registered in the city on Thursday out of which three incidents took place within a span of 25 minutes between 2.45 pm and 3.10 pm. Suspects decamped with gold chains totally worth Rs 2.95 lakh in the four incidents.The first incident took place near Gangadham society in Market Yard around 2.45 pm. Vasanti Rameshchandra Thakkar (63) was on her way to a friend's house when two men on a motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 40,000 and fled. The Swargate police are investigating.The second incident took place at Sahakarnagar around 3 pm where suspects on motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth Rs 1.50 lakh of from Rajashri Wadhe (62) of Sahakarnagar. The Sahakarnagar police are investigating the case.The third incident took place around 3.10 pm at Shukrawar Peth. Sunita Vijay Prasade (54) of Dhankawdi was on her way to meet her relatives, when two men on a motorcycle blocked her way. The person who was riding pillion snatched her gold chain worth Rs 80,000 and fled. The Khadak police are investigating the case.The last incident on Thursday took place at Dahanukar Colony in Kothrud around 7.45 pm. Shubhangi Prabhakar Kulkarni (66) of Satara was walking towards her sister's house in Dahanukar Colony when an unidentified person on a motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 25,000 and fled. Inspector Vilas Narnavar of the Kothrud police station is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11396464", "title": "Munda to open BJP executive meet today", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda will inaugurate the state executive committee meet of the BJP here on Saturday, which will see adoption of two resolutions.The two-day meet assumes significance in the wake of coming Hatia byelection, although the Jharkhand high court is yet to pronounce its judgment on the recounting of votes of the 2009 assembly election.Ahead of the executive committee meeting, party office bearers met here with state president Dineshanand Goswami on the chair on Friday. Expressing satisfaction over the organization and its work in the previous year, the office bearers discussed various issues to be placed before the executive committee.Goswami said the party would reach the common man in 2012 and prepare a detailed list during the executive committee meeting. \"Two separate resolutions - one on political situation and another on economic affairs - will be adopted during the meet,\" he said.Apart from the chief Minister and the state president, party's state in-charge Harendra Pratap and former Union minister Yashwant Sinha will also attend the meeting. Sinha will address a session during the meet, party insiders said.BJP spokesperson Pradeep Sinha said, \"The party aims to increase its attack on the central UPA and highlight corruption prevailing in the central organizations.\" He, however, clarified that the final resolution would be adopted during the executive committee meeting.\"Political and economical proposals discussed by the office bearers would be ratified by the executive committee members and an effort will be made to strike general consensus over the issues,\" Sinha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11396770", "title": "Police facing shortage of PIs", "text": "VADODARA: Crime Branch is currently handling over 30 cases, including that of gangster Mukesh Harjani and the Rafiq Gaay murder case. However, it just has one police inspector (PI) and four police sub-inspectors (PSIs).The serving PI, too, has been transferred to Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS), but the city police are not releasing him as they do not have got any replacement for him. It is not just the crime branch that is facing shortage of PIs. Other police departments too are facing the same crisis.With the incidents of chain-snatching and loots on rise in the city, police need more manpower to patrol and investigate cases. But, they keep facing shortage at one or the other level. Police commissioner Satish Sharma, however, said the shortage is temporary as promotions of PSI to PI level are due this month.\"The Crime Branch is a sensitive department and it needs cops with expertise. Entire city comes under its jurisdiction that makes its workload a bit too much. Lack of proper manpower affects its work quality directly,\" a police official said.City police have sanctioned posts of 39 PIs, but only 25 PIs are serving here as of now. The Prevention of Crime Branch (PCB), special branch and Kishanwadi police station are currently without PIs. The posts of readers to police commissioner and joint police commissioner, too, are vacant.Crime Branch has sanctioned posts of eight PSIs and 72 police constables. However, police officials said they at least double the number of constables in crime branch to help it function efficiently. Sources said police department had sent a proposal for increase of staff strength to the government, but no action has been taken in the matter so far.\"There is shortage of PIs, but it is temporary. The promotions of PSIs are due this month, so we will be able to fill the post of PIs soon,\" Sharma told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393853", "title": "Over 20 devotees injured in mishap near Karla", "text": "PUNE: More than 20 devotees escaped with minor injuries when the tempo they were travelling in overturned near the Ekvira temple at Karla, near Lonavla, about 60 km from here. The incident took place around 1 pm on Friday.The Lonavla rural police rushed the injured to two private hospitals in Valvan and Lonavla. P B Bhakt of the Lonavla rural police said, \"No one sustained severe injuries in the mishap. But the passengers had to be rescued as they were stuck inside the vehicle.\"Bhakt said the tempo was carrying 30 devotees from Govandi in Mumbai to the temple at Karla. The vehicle overturned after the driver lost control over it while negotiating a sharp turn. \"A roadside tree prevented the tempo from landing on its top side, otherwise it would have been a major disaster,\" he added.Bhakt said a police team and a team from Ideal Road Builders immediately rushed to the spot with an ambulance. \"All those taken to the hospital were discharged in the evening,\" he added.Investigations are on. An offence will be registered against the tempo driver, Hussain Shaikh of Mumbai, after an inquiry, Bhakt said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11402277", "title": "BJP sold Lord Ram to grab power, now Kushwaha has purchased the party: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi during his campaign for UP elections in Gorakhpur on Saturday, attacked BJP for inducting former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha who is under CBI investigation for Rs 5000 crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.\"Kushwaha tried to enter the Congress party after being sacked by Mayawati but we closed the doors and told him that party will not take any tainted politician. However, BJP gladly took Kushwaha into its lap. The BJP earlier sold Ram to grab power and now Kushwaha has purchased BJP (Pahle Ram ko becha vote ke liye, ab Kushwaha ne party ko kharid liya). This exposes the double speak of the party,\" he said.Kushwaha is a prime suspect in the NRHM scam and can be arrested soon by the CBI which is probing the matter on the direction of the high court. Kushwaha was dropped by the BSP government from the Mayawati's cabinet after the NRHM scam surfaced last year in April.Later, in November, he was expelled from the party. The murder of three medical officers in the state has also been linked to the scam.Rahul also hit out at the Samajwadi Party (SP). \"The people of UP gave a chance to SP but 'goonda raj' (Rule of goons) prevailed during its rule. Goons used to run police stations,\" he added. He said that the centre had given lot of money to the state government for welfare schemes for poor but all the money was eaten away by the 'elephant' (BSP's election symbol).He said that the people of UP had given every major political party a chance to govern the state in the last 22 years after ouster of the Congress party. He requested people to give one more opportunity to his party. Rahul promised, if voted to power, the Congress would bring development to UP in next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11395395", "title": "Irregularities found in DMK's animals' scheme in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: After allegations of swindling money meant for buying cattle under a state government scheme cropped up in Trichy, officials in Madurai, too, have found irregularities in a similar scheme implemented during the previous DMK regime.Even as the district administration has ordered for a thorough inquiry after the irregularities were found, a team of officials from the vigilance cell of Aavin visited Madurai on Friday and inquired about the implementation of the integrated dairy farming for rural women scheme. The visit comes in the wake of a report sent by collector U Sagayam to Aavin officials in Chennai two days back. The report was prepared by Jaysingh Gnandurai, personal assistant (agriculture) to the collector, who made a spot inspection in the villages where the scheme was implemented.The report says that in one of the centres, where 50 milch animals were provided under the scheme, there were just three cows. In two other centres, there were no cows at all. The beneficiaries said that the cows were sent for grazing, but failed to give convincing replies on repeated questioning. On further probing, they said the animals were dead, some of them even before they were brought to the villages after purchasing. The cattle shed for which a subsidy of Rs three lakh was given, was also found used for other purposes by few individuals in one centre.These cows were provided in 2008 to the villagers under the scheme that provides Rs 10 lakh for each centre of which Rs 12,500 will be the subsidy for purchasing the milch cattle while the remaining cost would be arranged as bank loans.The beneficiaries, who claimed that the animals were dead, told Gnandurai that they were provided animals of a poor breed that yielded no milk. Since there were no returns from the cows, the villagers claimed that they could not even repay the bank loan obtained for purchasing the animals. A revenue official said that there are six such centres in Madurai district and each centre was given 50 milch animals. \"We just visited three centres. The situation might be same in other centres also,\" the official said. The issue came to light after government veterinary doctors as well as Aavin staff complained that the number of animals provided under the scheme and the available number of animals did not match. Besides Aavin, the district administration had also ordered for a through probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393757", "title": "Shortage of space dogs PU's DDE", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) has been running a 'parallel university' for the last 37 years. And, this self-sufficient 'parallel university' has, of late, assumed a larger canvas than its parent university.PU's Directorate of Distance Education (DDE), formerly known as the Institute of Correspondence Courses, has got over 15,000 students on its roll, whereas the combined strength of all the 11 constituent colleges and 32 postgraduate departments of PU is hardly 12,000.The DDE offers three-year degree courses in arts and commerce, besides postgraduate diploma courses in library and information science, journalism and mass communication, financial management, operations management and marketing management. Surprisingly, all the activities of DDE are being managed with only 46 employees, whereas PU is facing difficulty in managing its affairs even with 1,200 employees. The DDE is not only completely self-dependent, but also extends financial help to the fund-starved PU at the time of crisis.This 'milch cow' of PU, however, faces an acute shortage of space for running its show smoothly. At present, located in a cramped portion of the old library building of PU, the DDE has hardly got any space to accommodate the huge rush of admission seekers. Even the 27 counters set up by the DDE fail to cope with the demands of students. It has got no space for holding contact classes and conduct examinations, said DDE director Prashant Dutt. Consequently, all the DDE students appear for the university examinations along with the regular students.As the space at present available in different colleges is hardly sufficient to accommodate even the regular students of PU, the authorities face a Herculean task in finding space for the DDE students. The colleges are forced to suspend classes during the entire period of examinations.Dutt said that the space problem may be resolved by shifting PU works department to some other place, may be at Saidpur, and the entire building be handed over to the DDE. The University Press may also be shifted to Saidpur. He said that some more job-oriented courses might be introduced under DDE if it gets sufficient space. NSUI leader Varun Kumar Sharma said that DDE must start B.Ed course keeping in view the growing demand for this job-oriented academic programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh/sirsa/fatehabad", "code": "11394749", "title": "Haryana schools continue to function on Friday", "text": "CHANDIGARH/SIRSA/FATEHABAD: A day after the Haryana government announced holidays in schools till January 16, number of schools were found to be functional in various cities across the state on Friday. Confusion prevailed as management of most of the schools reasoned late receipt of orders for being functional.Besides Sirsa and Fatehabad where most of the schools were found to be open, in other cities where schools functioned as routine included Kalka, Ambala, Naraingarh, Kurukshetra, Karnal, Jind Kaithal and remote areas of Hisar, Bhiwani and Rohtak districts.Though, in Fatehabad, the sub divisional magistrate (SDM), Baljeet Singh reached to some private schools and asked them to close them and obey the government rules.DAV Public School and Maharaja Agrasain Girl's Senior Secondary School, which are private schools found open and small children too came to attend classes. When TOI inquired from the principals about the government order, the Rajeev Utreja, principal of DAV school, Sirsa said: \"We came to know about the order late. The government issued the orders at late evening hours and it is not possible to inform each student at the same time. As many students came to the school we informed them about the order and declared holiday later.\"All the government schools in these districts obeyed the government rules, but few of the private schools functioned here. In Fatehabad, SDM Baljeet Singh, who self went to the private school and asked them to respect the government orders. SDM Singh said: \"I personally went to some of the private schools as they were found open. I know the order released till late evening hours and though media we informed the school owners and children's. As I reached there, the owners and principals decided to close their schools and declared holiday till January 16.\"Meanwhile, unwilling to be identified, officials in the education department in Kurkshetra asserted that all the schools are already closed. There is possibility that the teachers might have been asked to complete the pending work, otherwise we don't think as if any school is open in the district,'' officials in the district administration of Kurukshetra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11403752", "title": "IBM employee trampled to death by elephant", "text": "BANGALORE: An employee of software major IBM was trampled to death by an elephant which strayed into a village from the nearby forest in Bannerghatta in Bangalore district on Saturday, police said.The deceased was identified as Jamburu Soorappa Ramesh (39), they said.The incident occurred after villagers threw stones at the pachyderm to scare it off, but it ran amok and trampled Ramesh while he was trying to photograph it, police said. Ramesh was an amateuur wildlife photographer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11396005", "title": "State to study Centre's stand on mineral tax", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Union minister of state for mines Dinsha Patel, in a letter to chief minister Naveen Patnaik , said, \"At the same time, it cannot be denied that incidental costs like transportation and handling charges have also increased during the same period in the country.\"Reacting to Patel's letter, the state government said it would look into the matter. \"We will examine the issue,\" chief secretary Bijay Patnaik told journalists.The Union minister suggested that the state government takes advantage of the proposed MMDR, 2011, legislation, which would require miners to pay a sum equal to royalty (being charged by states on ad-valorem basis) to a District Mineral Foundation for payment of annuity to people affected by mining and local area development. The proposed law also provides for miners to pay a cess at the rate of 10 per cent of the royalty amount to a State Minerals Fund.\"The proposed additional funds can serve as a substitute to the suggested MRRT. It will help reduce the excess profits of mining companies and provide resources to the state government to undertake various developmental activities in and around mining areas,\" Patel noted.Advising the state government to go for a fresh mineral resource assessment through prospecting involving mining lease holders, Patel supported \"scientific, systematic and sustainable\" mining. \"Any reduction in mining activities would only stymie the growth of emerging mineral sector in the country, especially in states like Odisha which has yet to effectively harness its mineral resources for the benefit of its people in mining districts,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11394874", "title": "Puneet celebrates son's first Lohri", "text": "LUDHIANA: Lohri could be far for some people but Ludhianvis, who are always ahead when it comes to enjoyment, have already started celebrating it. On Thursday night, industrialist Puneet Garg celebrated his son Aadya's first Lohri. More than 300 relatives and friends were invited to a city hotel for a party that warmed many hearts. Highlight of the party was a puppet show that was appreciated all.Resident of Agar Nagar, Puneet said since it's the first Lohri of his son, he wanted to celebrate it with a bang.He said he knew that on Lohri, everyone would be busy with their family affair and so decided to celebrate it in advance. The day truly belonged to his son, as people were seen complimenting his Jaipuri suit, which was specially designed by a designer. When the party was in full bloom, the puppet show stole everyone hearts once again.\"The puppet show was organized to popularize Indian tradition, keeping in view the fact that people are forgetting it gradually. I wanted to have a blend of Indian and western culture, so the DJ along with \"katputli\" show was arranged for,\" said Puneet.His wife, Shelly, said in the show, social messages were delivered in the form of stories for the kids.Some swings and a train were specially organized for the kids so that they can enjoy to their fullest. Another attraction was the balloon snap in which photos of the kids in the party were taken and immediately printed on the balloon. After this, there was a bonfire and people danced around it to celebrate the lohri.Aadya's grandfather, Surinder Kumar Garg, said he wished he could have celebrated his son Puneet's first Lohri with such fanfare.Grandmother Usha thoroughly enjoyed the show and said the memories will remain with her forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11394726", "title": "Welcome to \u2018Mini Kerala\u2019, off EM Bypass", "text": "KOLKATA: When Jaison Abraham first stepped into Mukundapur in 2005 there were only 30-odd Keralites like him who had taken up a nursing job in Kolkata's still-nascent private healthcare sector. In 2012, he says, the number has increased to nearly 3,000 in Mukundapur alone.\"Mukundapur is like a mini Kerala now. Even some shop owners at Mukundapur market have picked up Malayali. Almost every other person staying here seems to be speaking in it,\" Jaison says. \"Now whenever anyone decides to come to Kolkata for a nursing job, Mukundapur is the first address they look for,\" he adds.Jaison's observation is reflected in the rise in the number of Keralite nurses that the city houses. Of the 15,000 Keralite nurses now working in Kolkata (even places like Siliguri, Asansol and Durgapur), more than half - 7,800 to 8,000 - are male nurses.Simple recruitment logic explains the rapid increase - a 200-bed hospital needs to employ at least 500 nurses. The figure may seem too high for the discerning, but nurses work on two six-hour shifts and a 12-hour night shift.But why Kolkata and least of all, Mukundapur? Kolkata, Jaison explains, even six years back, had only RTIICS, AMRI, CMRI and BM Birla Heart Research Centre. But now the requirement has shot up. Even a few years back, Kolkata didn't top the list of preferred employers. But now with the average starting salary of Rs 7,500-Rs 8,000 per month, it is only a few notches below New Delhi (Rs 9,000 per month) and Mumbai (Rs 8,000 to Rs 9,000 per month). The lower living cost in Kolkata now makes it a preferred destination for young nursing aspirants.For them the ultimate ambition is to crack the International English Language Testing System (IELTS) examination. This is a prerequisite to work in Europe, USA, Canada , New Zealand and Australia. But for that they need to gain experience which is mandatory. English speaking countries for example pay anything from Rs 2 lakh to Rs 4 lakh per month. The next target remains Gulf countries where IELTS isn't mandatory. Kuwait's ministry of health, for example, pays Rs 1.1 lakh per month. \"Everyone demands work experience,\" says Abin M Joseph , Jaison's former roommate, who also yearns for a job abroad. \"IELTS is a very tough examination. For engineers and others a five-point score is sufficient, but for us, doctors and teachers, at times a seven to eight-point score isn't enough to make the cut,\" he adds.These reasons prompt them to head to Kolkata. As another male nurse points out, \"Now even Kolkata hospitals are aggressively advertising in Kerala newspapers for job openings for nurses.\"Any new nurse-aspirant who first steps into Kolkata, invariably heads to Mukundapur. Within a kilometer radius of RTIICS, every other home - some hastily built and plastered - rent houses to these people from Kerala. It isn't bad business either. The rent for a two-bedroom flat is at least Rs 7,500.Mukundapur now sports two flashy gyms - the only break for these young people from the otherwise rigorous six-hour shifts and nearly two-hour complex handover process. If things go as per plan, a church is also slated to come up in the vicinity. Eateries are few but that is only because most of these Keralite boys and girls prefer to cook on their own.If Mukundapur hasn't grown beyond this yet, is only because of a peculiar work pattern the job entails. Says a Kolam resident, \"It may appear to be a mere six-hour job, but it is very strenuous. Once it is over, the handover process is also very cumbersome. Every patient's requirements need to be briefed. It usually takes nearly two more hours. Add to it the in-house training every other day. By the time the 8am to 2pm shift ends, we usually head to our pads so tired that we crash. Though we have a five-day-a-month leave, we tend to save it for a once-a-year break at home. Sunday is working for most of us.\" The only break they enjoy is an occasional visit to the gym and a weekend mass.The unfailing ambition of these nurses from Kerala stands as a contrast to their Bengali counterparts. While Bengali nurses aim for a government job, these youths yearn to go abroad.This influx of Keralite nurses which is redefining the demographics of Mukundapur, has also added a new dimension to the private healthcare system by breaking the gender ceiling of a different kind, young boys replacing female nurses. Admits Jaison, \"When we joined, people either thought us to be doctors or attendants. That we were nurses is something they took time to grasp and understand.\" Now male nurses are steadily becoming indispensable in the critical care units of hospitals.As the steady retinue of people walks out of the hospital, heading for their much-deserved break, shop owners in and around Mukundapur also realise what these dreary faces need. A mere nod of their head is enough to pack their daily requirements. Shy and reserved, they head for their home. It's evening, however, at the market place where the buzz returns unmistakably.Malayi often replaces Bengali here. To prove a point, Jaison picks up a conversation in chaste Malayali with a fruit-seller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11396209", "title": "Three non-Congress MLAs among the ruling party's candidates list", "text": "IMPHAL: Two senior sitting MLAs of the opposition Manipur People's Party (MPP) and one RJD legislature are among the list of sixty candidates of the ruling Congress for the ensuing tenth state assembly polls slated for January 28.Amid rebels' mounting threats, Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) president Gaikhangam on Friday afternoon announced the names of the sixty candidates including him for all seats at a hurriedly summoned media conference at the party office here.The two senior MPP legislatures - RK Anand and N Bijoy Singh and RJD MLA Thangkholun Haokip resigned from their respective parties a few weeks back.Before joining politics, Anand was a prominent human rights lawyer, while Bijoy was the Vice Chancellor of Manipur University.Naga independent MLA Khangthuanang Panmei, who won from the remote Zeliangrong-dominated Tamenglong constituency, is also among the list of Congress candidates.As done before, chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh will contest from Thoubal seat, while his wife Landhoni Devi will fight from her Khangabok constituency.Gaikhangam has been fielded in his Nungba constituency.The Congress' list however has only three women candidates. Besides the CM's wife, the two others were Mirabai Devi in Patsoi and Shyama Devi in Langthabal seat.\"The list of sixty candidates were finally recommended by AICC's central election committee comprising among others the Prime Minister, home minister, finance minister and defence minister which is also the highest forum for finalizing the party's ticket,\" Gaikhangam said.Responding a query on the recommendation of non-Congress MLAs in the list, Gaikhangam said the ticket committee right from the PCC level discussed thoroughly on certain criteria with 'wining chance' factor putting on the top chart.\"We have full confidence of winning absolute majority and come to power for the third consecutive term,\" he said adding that \"it is too early to spell out post-poll alliance if at all the party fails to get absolute majority and only at that time we will decide.\"Along with the CPI, Congress had been running the government under the banner of the coalition Secular Progressive Front (SPF) for two successive terms.The PCC chief said the party will focus on two main agenda - development and 'Peaceful united Manipur'- if it comes to power.\"Peaceful united Manipur covers safeguarding Manipur's territorial integrity and ushering communal harmony as well as initiation for a peaceful dialogue with the militant outfits,\" he said.The ongoing Suspension of Operation (Soo) between 19 Kuki armed outfits operating in Manipur and the government is a good beginning, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11403907", "title": "Of Dutch factory and Patna College", "text": "PATNA: History is always fascinating. More so if it relates to academics. Otherwise, who would believe today that the site of an opium godown and a Dutch factory would house a premier institution of higher education.Patna College, a constituent unit of Patna University (PU), which is celebrating its 150th Foundation Day on Monday, was started and has grown on its present site since 1863. The central portion of the main building was an old Dutch factory of the 17th century, and it was used as the local collectorate when the senior classes of the college were transferred here from Patna City in February, 1863.The western wing of the college was added in 1871, and the eastern in 1880. The portico and the present BA lecture theatre were constructed in 1882, and the latter was connected with the main building by the long western corridor named after principal Ewbank. The extension scheme of Patna College was the earliest to take shape in 1905, even before that of the Presidency College, Kolkata. Hostels and quarters for the principal and professors were constructed, lands acquired and the gymnasium were set up.New laboratories (occupying the site of present Iqbal Hostel) were completed in 1913-14. The college common room was constructed in 1925-26 and the gymnasium in 1928. Rebuilding and restorative work after the 1934 earthquake was completed in 1935 and the debris was utilized in raising and beautifying the river bank. In 1942, principal Batheja rearranged the building accommodation according to function. The college building has already been declared to be a heritage site by the Archeological Survey of India.Patna College principal Lalkeshwar Prasad Singh said efforts were being made to get all the wings of the college renovated during its 150th anniversary. Wilson Rose Garden, Batheja Mandap, Jackson Hostel and Minto Hostel, all named after great principals of this college, would be given a facelift. The state government has been approached for necessary funds for the purpose, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11398895", "title": "Mithun Chakraborty is still a superstar: Payel Sarkar", "text": "Payel Sarkar can't stop gushing about her co-star, Mithun Chakraborty , in Raja Chanda's \"Ley Halua Ley\".She says, \"After working with him one can understand why he is still the superstar. Recently, we shot the title track of \"LHL\" in Mumbai with him, Laboni Sarkar and Soham. We had a blast. The title track, sung by Jeet Gannguli, had to be completed in a day and it was possible because of Mithunda. He makes things so easy. With Mithunda in a frame everyone else is naturally overshadowed but it is never intentional on his part.\" That apart, what made the shoot \"mojadaar\" for her was Mithun Chakraborty's constant pranks on the sets. \"Even I wasn't spared,\" she reveals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11395393", "title": "All parties bank on shady names", "text": "LUCKNOW: Political parties might be criticising each other for fielding criminal candidates, but the fact is that none of them is clean. The BJP and Congress have equal number of criminal candidates, which they have fielded in the UP assembly election 2012.However, the Congress scores as the percentage of criminal candidates is higher for it. For the upcoming election, various political parties have released their first list of candidates.A brief analysis of financial and criminal backgrounds of re-contesting candidates in the upcoming election has been carried out by the UP Election Watch and National Elections Watch. The candidates declared till January 4 have been analysed.As the ruling BSP is yet to release its official list, the analysis does not include BSP MLAs. Other parties have released their first list. BJP has declared 220 candidates, Congress 215, SP 165 and RLD has declared 17 candidates for the UP 2012 election.And all the parties have fielded candidates with criminal records. While BJP and Congress lists each contain 26 such candidates, SP and RLD lists contain 24 and one candidate respectively with criminal records (based on 2007 and subsequent affidavits). Out of the 617 candidates declared by the political parties to contest election in UP, 77 candidates have criminal records.\"This has been analysed on the basis of affidavits submitted by the candidates in earlier elections,\" said Anil Bairwal, national co-ordinator, National Election Watch and Association for Democratic Reforms.The election watch had found affidavits of 248 candidates submitted during earlier elections, either 2007 assembly election or 2009 Lok Sabha election with the Election Commission. To make matters worse, as many as 38 candidates have serious criminal cases like that of murder, attempt to murder, robbery, theft, kidnapping etc against them, as declared by them in their earlier affidavits. The Congress and BJP are again at par. Both have 13 candidates with serious criminal charges, in the fray this time.The SP is close second with 12 tainted candidates. Out of 220 candidates declared by the BJP, election watch has found the affidavits of 91. Similarly, while Congress has declared 215 candidates, election watch analysed the affidavits of 75 candidates. While Congress has 35% candidates with criminal background and 17% candidates with serious criminal charges, the BJP has 28% criminal candidates and 14% with serious charges. The SP has 31% criminal candidates and 15% candidates with serious charges.The RLD has 20% criminal candidates. In case of SP which has declared 165 candidates, 77 affidavits were analysed. And for RLD, the affidavits of five candidates out of the 17 declared ones were analysed. \"We will analyse further, as parties declare more candidates,\" said Bairwal. Apart from candidates, election watch has also analysed the income tax returns filed by the parties in the fray.The Congress has maximum income. The party's income has increased substantially in the last three years. In 2007-08, the party's income was Rs 220.81 crore, which more than doubled in 2009-10, to Rs 525.98 crore, after the formation of UPA-II. The BJP is the party which has received maximum donations. However, the amount has decreased in the recent years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chinsurah", "code": "11396700", "title": "ONGC executive loses left eye, forever", "text": "CHINSURAH: The optimism with which ONGC deputy general manager (drilling) Satyabrata Mukhopadhyay left for Hyderabad earlier this week bore him no result. He returned to his Balagarh residence in Bandel on Friday with a clear statement from the doctors - there wasn't any hope left of vision returning to his left eye.Mukhopadhyay had left for treatment at Hyderabad's LV Prasad Eye Institute on Monday after doctors in Kolkata advised him a second opinion. Before leaving the city, he was optimistic about getting back his vision. \"Hope makes us look ahead in life... Everything will just be fine,\" he had said.However, doctors at the Hyderabad institute had to call off a surgery after they realised that Mukhopadhyay's optical nerve was damaged. A damaged optical nerve can't be treated and has to regenerate naturally - chances of which reduce with age.\"They said I can't see with my left eye ever again. There is a possibility that the infection may spread to the right eye, which hasn't been detected now. They asked me to immediately seek treatment there if that happens. I had been given a discharge certificate last evening,\" he rued.The news of his return prompted local Trinamool MLA Tapan Majumdar to visit his home. Emerging out of Mukhopadhyay's home, Majumdar said, \"Whatever happened was heinous? Whoever is guilty has to be punished irrespective of any political colour? We haven't interfered with the administration. They have a free hand to deal with this. I did request them to increase police vigil.\"After the assault by a group of drunken youths on Mukhopadhyay left his left eye blinded and a finger fractured, the ONGC executive was under prolonged treatment in a private hospital off EM Bypass. His eye was operated upon, the infection was stopped and his fractured finger also underwent surgery. After an initial stupor, police arrested all seven accused - including alleged mastermind Raju Das - and have charged them with non-bailable offences. Police on Friday requested the family to attend a test identification parade at the Hooghly jail.Hooghly police superintendent Tanmoy Roychowdhury said, \"Police will pursue the investigation with all its available resources.\" After inaugurating an allwomen police station in Chinsurah, the SP said, \"We will deploy more police for patrolling areas in and around Bandel. This is something the residents have been demanding and this is what we plan to do to pre-empt any repeat of such incidents.\"On the night of December 24, Mukhopadhyay was returning after a dinner at his friend Sunirmal Ghosh's home. He was driving his Ford Ikon with his wife Bidisha by his side and daughter Tanisha in the rear. Close to his home, he had urged the seven youths clogging the road to clear his way. In return, they not only abused him and his family but followed him to his home and thrashed him brutally. The incident had sparked furore among local residents, prompting police to raid and arrest the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "belgaum/bijapur", "code": "11394349", "title": "Accused youths don\u2019t belong to Sene: Mutalik", "text": "BELGAUM/BIJAPUR: Sri Ram Sene chief Pramod Mutalik on Friday demanded CoD investigation into the recent case of Pakistan flag-hoisting at Sindhagi in Bijapur district.Speaking to mediapersons in Belgaum, he criticised Bijapur SP D C Rajappa's statement that all the six youths arrested in connection with the case belonged to Sene. He asked the SP to prove his claim, saying: \"According to SP's statement, one of those arrested -- Rakesh Matt -- is the president of local Vidyarthi Sanghatane, a wing of Sri Ram Sene. But Sene does not have such a wing in organization.\"Mutalik said Sene activists, along with intellectuals and pontiffs, will petition the governor on January 9, urging him to free jail inmates whose behaviour is good. \"No inmate has been freed since 2006. We will protest against this at Freedom Park,\" he said.Meanwhile speaking to reporters in Bijapur, Sene state co-convener Neelakanth Kandagal also said they don't have a students' wing. \"So the question of Sene's association with those arrested does not arise,\" he added. \"Matt, being a member of RSS, has connections with HJV. He had participated in the protest staged at Sindagi town on Sunday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11395705", "title": "Second accused in Aryan's murder in CBI custody", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The special crime branch (SCB) of CBI obtained the police custody of kidnapping and murder accused Ravi Ranjan for six days on Friday.The accused was wanted in the kidnapping and murder of five-year-old Aryan of Mubarikpur, Derabassi, along with another accused, Sonu Kumar Singh.Ravi was lodged in a UP jail in connection with a murder case and was brought here on production warrant.Aryan was kidnapped from his house on July 23, 2009 and was murdered and buried, near Derabassi, the next day. CBI arrested Sonu earlier, who revealed Ravi's name during interrogation on January 1.CBI sources said some parts of a skeleton were recovered at the spot near Derabassi, but, if they are Aryan's would be confirm only after a DNA match is done with samples from his parents.Aryan's kidnapping case was transferred to CBI, Chandigarh, when Mohali police failed to crack the case one-and-a half month ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11396826", "title": "MSU\u2019s fine arts faculty to join hands with Boston, Leicester univs", "text": "VADODARA: Students from M S University's Faculty of Fine Arts will get a chance to study at Leicester-based De Montfort University in the United Kingdom.The faculty has collaborated with the UK-based varsity for students exchange programme. Since the last three days, the faculty has already joined hands with world famous art school from Paris - the Ecole des Beaux-Arts of Paris - in France. Now, it is also exploring collaboration with Boston-based Lesley University in United States for a joint resident programme.\"Through our collaboration with the De Montfort University which comes into affect from this year, we will be sending four of our students including two from the Bachelors of Visual Arts and two from the Masters of Visual Arts to the UK based university for a period of up to six months. Simultaneously, their students will also come here for a similar period,\" dean of Faculty of Fine Arts Dr Shailendra Kushwaha told TOI.Kushwaha who had recently met officials of Lesley University located at Massachusetts in US, added that a MoU is also under consideration with the US varsity. \"They are very keen for collaborating with us. We are exploring whether short term residency programmes can be started jointly between the two institutions,\" he said. Lesley university officials are keen on exchange programmes both in terms of students exchange and faculty exchange.\"Dean of their university will be visiting our campus very soon for further talks in this direction,\" he said.Since 2009 when the faculty entered into collaboration with the Ecole des Beaux-Arts of Paris some of the students of the faculty's painting department have already visited the premier art school while the faculty too has received students from France under the students exchange programme.In 2008, the UK-based Durham University had awarded a fellowship to the royal scion of erstwhile Baroda state Ranjitsinh Gaekwad as part of its collaboration with the fine arts faculty. As part of the fellowship programme, Gaekwad, a fine arts doctorate, had prepare a work on the theme of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11396341", "title": "Regularize SPOs' jobs, says AIUDF", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) has demanded that the special police officers (SPOs) who were removed from their jobs should be regularized by the state government. AIUDF general secretary Siddique Ali Thakuria said the family members were left in the lurch following discontinuation of services by SPOs.\"The government should consider the plight of the SPOs on humanitarian grounds. After they were removed from their jobs, the SPOs were left in a difficult situation. We demand that the state government should immediately initiate talks with the SPOs and find out ways for regularization of their jobs,\" Thakuria said.About 200 SPOs launched an indefinite stir at Dispur Last Gate here on Friday, demanding regularization of their jobs. \"As no government representatives have shown any interest in talking to us yet, we have decided to stage an indefinite sit-in at Dispur Last Gate. The government is not sympathetic to our plight, which is why it is not interested in listening to our grievances,\" Special Police Officers' Welfare Society (SPOWS) president Parag Buragohain said.The SPOs on Thursday protested near the Assam DGP's office here carrying begging bowls in their hands to highlight the fact that begging was the only option left for them.On Wednesday last, about 222 SPOs were prevented by security forces from marching toward the DGP office for staging a demonstration. The SPOs were detained by the police soon after they gathered at Guwahati railway station for a protest march to the DGP's office. However, all of them were later released.About 278 SPOs were relieved from their duties in Dima Hasao district in 2010. Since then they have been demanding their re-engagement with the police. Buragohain said about 900 SPOs were recruited by the police department to protect the infrastructure projects from militants' attack in Dima Hasao district in 2009.He claimed that while SPOs deployed for manning the road project were retained, those engaged for the protection of broad gauge conversion works were removed from duty without any \"prior notice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11394238", "title": "Man hangs self in office godown", "text": "HUBLI: A 22-year-old man committed suicide by hanging himself at the godown in his workplace here on Friday evening. Suburban police station sub inspector I M Matapati told The Times of India that the deceased has been identified as Tejaram Chowdry, who was working with Ravi Electronics at the Eureka centre in the city.Police said Tejaram got a call from his father from Rajasthan on Friday afternoon. Soon after that he hanged himself at the office godown.The reasons for his suicide are yet to be ascertained, police said. A case has been registered with the suburban police station and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11402666", "title": "No Sodexo coupons please, says big retails", "text": "BANGALORE: Most organised retailers, including Foodworld, More, Spencer's, Spar and Food Bazaar, have ceased to accept the popular Sodexo coupons that many companies issue to employees as a perk.Retailers say handling food coupons is getting cumbersome and eating into their margins. The coupons need to be verified, kept safely, stamped, sent to Sodexo and only after that do retailers receive the payments. At a time when cost pressures have reduced grocery retailing's already low margins, retailers do not want to take on the burden of coupons.Mohit Kampani, chief of operations and merchandising at Spencer's Retail, said it doesn't make commercial sense to handle this credit instrument anymore. \"Besides the brokerage fee to the service provider, there are other hidden transaction costs in handling food coupons,\" he said.Every retailer pays a brokerage fee to Sodexo for processing these vouchers. Sodexo, in turn, pays the retailers against the number of coupons redeemed. \"The frequency of the settlement process doesn't have a fixed timeline,\" said another retailer who didn't want to be named, indicating that payments from Sodexo would some times take an inordinately long time. Amitabh Sinha, VP-marketing at Sodexo Motivational Solutions, said, \"It's entirely the retailers' decision to discontinue our service. We don't want to comment on their decision.\"But an email sent by Sodexo's helpdesk to customers a few days back read: \"The voucher industry is facing challenge of unreasonable collective action and demand from a few organised retailers. While we seek to address the issue and find an amicable solution with them, we seek your cooperation and understanding for any inconvenience that may be caused because of these outlets going out of the network wef Jan 1, 2012. To ensure users do not face any inconvenience we have already tied up with affiliates in and around these outlets.\" Sodexo, headquartered in Paris , is one of the largest food services and facility management companies in the world.The coupons were originally meant to be used only at office cafeterias. The government offers a tax exemption on them upto the value of about Rs 1,300 per month (calculated as Rs 50 for every working day). The use of these coupons was later extended to restaurants and then to grocery purchases. Many retailers accepted them for non-food purchases as well, but when income-tax authorities started questioning this, most organised retailers put systems in place to ensure these coupons would be accepted only for grocery items.But separating out grocery from non-grocery items in supermarkets and hypermarkets when a customer comes with a large trolley of items and making separate payments was a challenge. Since the coupons come in small denominations of Rs 10, Rs 20 and Rs 35, counting them often took a very long time at the point of sale.\"We have decided to stop accepting food coupons in our stores. If the same is presented to us in the form of electronic coupons, we would be open to accepting it,\" said a spokesperson of the Future Group.The fact that employers have no control on the coupon's usage is also seen as a concern. \"There is no judicial precedence on this and the employer could face the risk of litigation if there is a small oversight on their part,\" said Parizad Sirwalla, partnertax at consultancy firm KPMG .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11398864", "title": "Swastika to do a cameo in Aborto", "text": "Arindam Sil's \"Aborto\" will see Swastika in a cameo. Says actor-director Arindam, \"She will be playing a crooner at an office party.In the background, office politics will be seen going on in full swing. The song will be interspersed with dialogues.\" Talking about how she came on board, he adds, \"This one's a friendly deed. I was hesitant and asked her if she would do a cameo for me. Imagine my luck when she agreed. I plan to shoot at a city club and even have a specially dress designed for her. I am even thinking of giving her character a name.\" Bickram Ghosh will be scoring the music. \"The song will be peppy with a lyrical quality to it,\" Arindam says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394507", "title": "Ex-AIADMK leaders in DMK keen to return home", "text": "CHENNAI: With the ouster of Sasikalaa Natarajan and her associates, some DMK leaders who had crossed over from the AIADMK are expected to rejoin the ruling party. Many leaders, including former ministers, who felt sidelined by the influential Sasikalaa coterie, had joined the DMK during 2006-2011.Many have sent out feelers to the AIADMK but party chief J Jayalalithaa is yet to respond. \"If she is ready to accept them, a considerable number of people, including district secretaries, are willing to cross over from DMK,\" a former minister told TOI.Several leaders like S Muthusamy, T M Selvaganapathy, Anitha R Radhakrishnan, Azhagu Thirunavukkarasu, R Satyamurthi, M Chinnasamy, R Indirakumari and P K Sekarbabu had quit the AIADMK to join the DMK.Observers say these politicians may feel they have little future in the DMK as the AIADMK will be in power for the next four-and-a-half years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394598", "title": "Whodunnit takes a new turn, Talwars to face trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: What was virtually given up as Delhi's most perplexing blind murder case was revived on Friday with the Supreme Court clearing the decks for the trail of dentist parents, Rajesh and Nupur Talwar, for the double murder of their 14-year-old daughter, Aarushi, and their man-servant, Hemraj.The apex court upheld the trial court's decision to name the Talwar couple as accused in the murders. With this, the three-and-a-half-year-old case has taken yet another dramatic turn. The SC was apparently convinced by the evidence and arguments presented by the CBI that there was, indeed, a prima facie case against the couple. The two-judge bench of Justices A K Ganguly and J S Khehar, however, refused to be drawn into the merits of the case.The murder of Aarushi, a class IX student of Delhi Public School in Noida, on May 16, 2008, and the subsequent discovery of Hemraj's body the next day on the terrace of Talwars' flat, not only developed into a bizarre whodunnit, but also led to heated debate on the media ethics of reporting the UP police allegations against the couple - in the main, the alleged motive for killing the duo.The allegations, which remain the same in the CBI report, are about the doctor discovering his servant's intimacy with the daughter and, in a fit of rage, killing them both. The resultant outcry about \"character assassination\" of the dead girl and her parents led to the case being transferred from the UP police to the CBI on May 31, 2008, 15 days after the incident.The CBI too appeared to bumble along, changed its investigators, and finally filed a plea for closure of the case which was rejected by the trial court on March 3, 2010 on finding that the evidence gathered by the agency had built a prima facie case against the dentist couple. The Allahabad high court had dismissed the appeals filed by the Talwars against the trial court order summoning them.Nupur Talwar's counsel, senior advocate Ranjit Kumar, on Friday wanted the apex court to dwell on the discrepancies in the final report of the CBI. The bench refused to do so and said the final report filed by the CBI and the decision of the trial court to summon the parents showed their alleged involvement in the incident.\"We are not a trial court. Why are you reading out the details?\" the bench asked Kumar when he tried to read out the CBI allegations and arguments, built mainly on circumstantial evidence, ruling out the role of either outsiders or servants in the murders. Additional solicitor general Harin Raval and advocate Padmalakshi Nigam said though the agency had filed a final report not naming anyone, the circumstantial evidence unerringly pointed the needle of suspicion at the parents.Dimissing Nupur's appeal against summoning order, the bench ordered the trial should be expedited. On Monday, the SC will hear Rajesh Talwar's petition challenging the trial court's order asking him to furnish fresh bail bond after issuing the summons to him as an accused.In its affidavit, the CBI countered the Talwars' petition by telling the SC that \"investigation has squarely reached a conclusion that no one other than Dr Rajesh Talwar and Nupur Talwar could have conjointly committed this dastardly crime. On March 19 last year, the Talwars had told the apex court that the CBI had deliberately ignored the evidence - detection of Hemraj's blood stains on a pillow cover recovered from compounder Krishna's possession.But the CBI tried to explain that by claiming that it was \"a typographical error on the part of Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics\" which led to the confusion about blood stain on the pillow covered recovered from the compounder's residence.The CBI said its final report: \"The closure report was submitted on the basis of insufficient evidence and not on the basis of 'no evidence' against Talwars. The magistrate summoned her (Nupur Talwar) on being satisfied that there is a prima facie case against her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396230", "title": "Make an honest attempt, Bhatt writes to SIT chief", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after former chief minister Suresh Mehta highlighted defects in probe by Special Investigation Team (SIT), suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt dashed off a letter to its chief R K Raghavan requesting him to make it sure that the probe agency works efficiently and impartially. For this, the retired CBI officer should be putting in his \"honest and sincere attempt\" even at this stage, Bhatt said.Accusing SIT officials again of shielding the powerful in its probe of the 2002 riots, Bhatt stated, \"SIT, for some inexplicable reason, is continuing to intentionally disregard very important aspects of the investigation into the complaint of Zakia Jafri. Nothing illustrates this better than the deliberate reluctance of the SIT to examine witnesses who would be able to provide very vital information about the meeting held at the residence of chief minister Narendra Modi on the late night of February 27, 2002.\"Bhatt reiterated that SIT should probe further to bring evidence on record establishing his presence at Modi's residence.He requested to question the supervisory officer of the assistant intelligence officer K D Pant, who has retracted his statement supporting Bhatt's claims. On Pant's complaint, Bhatt had to go to jail.The embattled cop also requested Raghavan to \"effectively shield SIT officers from all possible allurements or pressures being mounted by the high and mighty criminals who are firmly ensconced in the Government of Gujarat\".He called for an honest and sincere attempt on part of SIT chief to redeem and justify the tremendous faith reposed by the Supreme Court in the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11396515", "title": "Bid to get statutory status for UIDAI in limbo", "text": "RANCHI: Despite efforts of Union government to enact a law and give statutory status to Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), the matter has been held up after the standing committee of Parliament raised objections to the National Identification Authority of India Bill-2010. The authority has been functioning under an executive order of the ministry of planning since then.When asked about the future of authority and its functioning in the absence of legislation, UIDAI director general RS Sharma said the authority will take up the matter at the Union cabinet level and continue to function as per the mandate of the planning ministry. \"The need for legislation was felt to give a separate and independent role to the authority so that the process becomes fast, easy and flexible but in case the Bill is not passed, work of the authority is not going to be affected,\" he said.As of now, the authority is mandated to enroll people in different parts of the country and generate Aadhaar numbers against the enrolments. UIDAI was expected to collect a data base of 10 crore people by March 2012, but given the speed with which it operated since the launch of the programme on September 29, 2010, the authority has enrolled nearly 20 crore people. Sharma said after March 2012, the authority will limit its role to receiving the data from any agency appointed by the government and issue Aadhaar numbers.\"Even now the authority is not working as registrar directly, instead it has joined hands with different state governments and agencies of the Union government like the department of post, bank and financial intuitions to act as registrars on behalf of the authority,\" he said clarifying that UIDAI will continue to enroll people after March 2012 only when asked by the Union government.Admitting that the data stored with UIDAI is sensitive and must be protected against all forms of hacking, Sharma said the strategic control on data bank is held by the Union government. \"We as technology providers and heading the mission, will ensure that every bit of information is secure and tested against all types of vulnerability from time to time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11394239", "title": "India hyping Yiwu incident: Chinese daily", "text": "BEIJING: Accusing the Indian government and media of \"hyping\" the ill-treatment of a diplomat and detention of two Indians by Chinese traders, an official daily here criticized the advisory put out by New Delhi asking its businessmen not to trade at Yiwu citing lack of safeguards.An editorial in the Global Times , an official organ of the ruling Communist Party of China, said Indian businessmen come on their own to trade in Yiwu and the fact that a large number of foreigners do business there, itself speaks of the town's security. \"The Indian media has been hyping the collapse of an Indian diplomat in a court in Yiwu, Zhejiang Province. Even the Indian foreign minister reacted to the news\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395429", "title": "Compete with self, not others: Sunita Gandhi", "text": "NAGPUR: Many people only talk about changing the education system, but only a few like Sunita Gandhi have successfully experimented to implement changes in the system. The existing education system in India stresses more on competition with others, but she staunchly believes that the key to potential development is competition with oneself.While addressing the principals' conference at Vanamati on Friday, she spoke at length with her experiences experimentation in the school education field. The senior education adviser of City Montessori School in Lucknow, which holds a Guinness world record for highest pupil strength of 45,000 and 5,000 staff members, was in the city to inaugurate third Principal Educational Conference (PEC). Chairman of Desh Gaurav Social and Educational Society Dinanath Dasture and convener Mrinalini Dasture shared the dais.Based on Sunita's visits to more than 35 countries for experiencing their education system, she has established Nurture International Welfare Society, a programme based on four building blocks of education: universal values, global understanding, excellence in all things and service to humanity.'Sing your own song- a thought beyond curriculum,' Sunita said in the existing system creativity of children is suppressed by spoon-feeding them. She said, \"Spoon-feeding with information is 19th century's idea of imparting education to meet the needs of industries, to find skilled, intelligent workforce to drive industrial revolution. This system is outdated today, but still it is widely practised all over the world, even India.\" According to her, a broader and bolder education is the need of 21st century which should embrace creative and innovative work from children.The schools generally focus on what syllabus must be covered, but the chief guest suggested that giving impetus to outcome for which education is imparted is more important. \"Outcome like developing good character and performing good work must be preferred than budding talent of smart work,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394526", "title": "Raging debate over new rule 'hiking' FSI", "text": "MUMBAI: Has the state government hiked Mumbai's floor space index (FSI) under the guise of streamlining the building approvals system? Many in the construction industry said by allowing developers to utilize 35% compensatory FSI to residential projects and 20% to commercial buildings in exchange for a premium, the state government has, in fact, increased it. FSI defines how much can be built upon a plot.Some experts suggested that the base FSI of 1.33 in the island city is now around 1.79 while the suburban FSI of 2 is now 2.7 following the grant of compensatory FSI under the new policy approved by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan early this week.But municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar said the compensatory FSI offered in lieu of premium will not increase the build-up area. \"The total construction area will remain the same,\" he said. The BMC's contention is that developers used to earlier blatantly misuse certain areas of a building like flower beds, voids, car decks, pocket terraces, which were not part of the FSI. The new policy stipulates that these areas would be included in the FSI and the corporation would be charged a premium of 60% of the ready reckoner rates for land for residential buildings and 100% premium for commercial buildings.Housing expert Chandrashekhar Prabhu is one of those who said the new policy had increased the city's FSI. \"Earlier, it was surreptitious, now it is upfront,\" he said. \"The BMC claims technically it's not an increase because builders were always misusing these spaces.\"Property consultant Ashok Narang said by increasing the FSI, the BMC has become a partner in profit sharing with the developer to legalize the building. \"FSI has increased by 35% for residential and 25% for commercial units. However, it is only for those developers who want to utilize the compensatory FSI,\" he said.Architect Sanjay Devnani said, \"There is no doubt that it is an increase in FSI, but done with a noble intention to check errant builders. The 35% increase offered for residential buildings also includes 10% of balcony, which was available earlier, according to the rules. The balance 25% is to create a level playing field for all as the errant builders who had the guts to illegally cover flower beds, voids and niches, which were free of FSI as per earlier rules.\"But another architect, Manoj Daisaria, said the new rules have not hiked the FSI. \"The development control regulations, 1991, permitted 10% balcony free of FSI over and above the permissible FSI. There were several features such as entrance lobby and enlarged lift lobbies, passages, which were permitted by charging premium along with flower bed, nitches, sun decks etc. as elevation features,\" he said. \"These areas worked out to 25% to 30% of the building's area, some of which were misused as well.\"\"The modified policy permits compensatory FSI by paying premium and hence, there will not be any increase in FSI,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394476", "title": "\u2018Chandolia property rented to D B Realty\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vijender Kumar Sharma, D B Realty vice president (regulatory) and the eighth prosecution witness, on Friday told a special CBI court that that Associated Hotels (P) Ltd, to which 2G scam accused A Raja's former private secretary R K Chandolia had rented his property, was linked to D B Realty.His initial claim of being \"unaware\" if both the firms were in any way connected led the CBI prosecutor to ask the court to declare him as a hostile witness. This prompted the special judge to ask Sharma whether he is under any threat or pressure.\"Are you under any threat, pressure or coercion today? Do you know that a person who makes a false statement can be prosecuted and punished under the law?\" the judge asked. Sharma replied that he was not under any threat, and was making his statement voluntarily.Sharma said he had handed over a copy of the March 3, 2009, agreement, executed between Chandolia and Associated Hotels (P) Ltd, to the CBI on March 24, 2011, along with the details of cheques issued for rent between March 3, 2009, and March 2, 2011. He told the court he had handed over these documents to the agency after which his statement was recorded.He said he did not know the directors and the shareholders of Associated Hotels (P) Ltd. \"I do not know as to who are the directors of Associated Hotels (P) Ltd. I do not know as who are its shareholders. I do not know if any of the directors of D B Realty and Associated Hotels (P) Ltd are common,\" he said.Sharma told the court that accused Vinod Goenka was the chairman of D B Realty on September 1, 2009, when he had joined the firm as vice president (regulatory). While, accused Shahid Usman Balwa was the MD of D B Realty, but resigned from the post on March 24, 2011.Sharma said he was looking after the regulatory affairs of D B Realty and dealt with matters pertaining to the ministries of environment and forests, civil aviation and others. Sharma said he had also worked in Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd from November, 2008, to August, 2009, and during his stint there, its name was changed to Etisalat D B Telecom (P) Ltd.\"I am not aware if money had come from Etisalat Mauritius and Genex Exim to Swan Telecom (P) Ltd during my tenure. It is correct that because money came from Etisalat Mauritius, the name of Swan Telecom (P) Ltd was changed to Etisalat DB Telecom (P) Limited,\" he said.Sharma said Goenka was not looking after the telecom division, but taking care of the realty business when he was working in Swan Telecom (P) Ltd.He claimed D B Realty has no share holding in Swan Telecom (P) Ltd. He said \"no money moved from DB Realty to anyone on the instructions of Swan Telecom (P) Ltd\" and added \"to my knowledge, no money moved from Swan Telecom (P) Ltd to DB Realty during my tenure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393583", "title": "NIF offers financial help to 'Cyclewalla'", "text": "PATNA: National Innovation Foundation (NIF), an autonomous body under the department of science and technology, government of India, has offered financial help to 65-year-old Mohammed Saidullah, an innovator of world famous amphibious bicycle and tricycle, who hails from Motihari. The development follows a TOI report \"Inventor's tale of awards to rags\" on January 5.An NIF email to TOI on Friday said: \"NIF is offering support to Saidullah to start a workshop at his place where he can work on his ideas and innovations\".\"We have also proposed a monthly fellowship of Rs 10, 000 for him and are also willing to provide him a person to help in his work. With this support, we expect him to continue his work on innovations, and also guide grassroots innovators of the area,\" said Vivek Kumar, a senior NIF official, in an email.NIF is also sending a letter in this regard to Saidullah. \"We are hopeful that Saidullah will agree to these proposals,\" Kumar said.TOI had highlighted the plight of Saidullah, whose bicycle had led him to win a life-time achievement award in January 2005 from NIF, which was conferred on him by former president A P J Abdul Kalam.Saidullah amphibious bicycle was also shortlisted as one of the 12 finalists in Wall Street Journal's Asia Innovation Award in 2005.Saidullah today finds it difficult to afford two square meals a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396275", "title": "Smuggling goes nano", "text": "BANGALORE: Gold was the favourite contraband of smugglers. That was once upon a time. But in this age of information and nano technologies, smugglers have realized that \"small is bountiful\".Thursday's prize catch by the Customs Intelligence at the Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) - Rosy Bhatia, 41, who was allegedly arrested while trying to smuggle in as many as 31,520 microchips worth Rs 63 lakh from Hong Kong - points to the emerging trend in smuggling rackets to cater to the growing market for mobile phones. The micro chips seized from Bhatia are termed as Micro SD chips that can be inserted into mobile phones to enhance their memory.\"They are as small as fingernails and thousands of them can be concealed in toilet kits and purses. Worth Rs150 to Rs 500 apiece, depending on the memory capacity, these micro SD cards are in high demand as the mobile phone sector has grown by leaps and bounds in recent years,\" said a customs official. The 2-GB memory SD cards, that Bhatia was allegedly trying to smuggle, cost around Rs150 to Rs200 in the Indian market. But they are available in large quantities in wayside shops and on footpaths of Hong Kong and Singapore.\"They are sold in kilos in these South East Asian cities. Earlier, watch components were being smuggled into the country, now all types of microchips and memory cards are fetching big money,\" said the officer.ARRESTED WOMAN WAS ONLY A CARRIERRosy Bhatia is a small fry in the pan-Indian smuggling racket that has now taken to smuggling hi-tech products, customs officials believe. \"Smuggling rackets lure men and women to act as carriers by offering them free round-trip air tickets. Bhatia never knew the gravity of carrying the merchandise she was bringing in,\" an official said.\"The carriers are also offered accommodation and sightseeing trips with the condition that they should transport the contraband goods to the destinations set by the racket,\" he said. Bhatia, meanwhile, was released on conditional bail by the economic offences court in the city on Friday. Customs authorities suspect that the syndicate for which Bhatia was working had got wind of the tight watch at other airports and made her take the BIA route to avoid getting caught. They also suspect that Bhatia's handlers are based in Malaysia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394508", "title": "Raza new star at Sotheby\u2019s", "text": "NEW DELHI: A painting billed as the Rockefeller Raza is the star of an art auction next month. \"Village With Church,\" a 1958 landscape by India's most expensive modern artist Sayed Haider Raza, was once owned by the American philanthropists John D Rockefeller III and his wife, Blanchette, and it's been named after its famous collectors.The canvas, which has been exhibited widely across the US, is considered to be a seminal work by the artist. It is also one of his largest works from the period. Raza, who recently relocated from Paris to Delhi, found keen supporters in John and Blanchette Rockefeller. John D. Rockefeller III, the eldest son of John D. Rockefeller Jr, and his wife made several visits to India. But Blanchette and Raza met in Berkeley in 1962, while Raza was visiting professor at the University of California . After his stay in California, Raza was invited to New York City as a recipient of a prestigious Rockefeller Fellowship at the behest of the couple.Blanchette Rockefeller bought \"Village With Church\" at the Graham Gallery in New York in 1959, and it remained in the family until 1994. It was then sold to a private collector who has put up the work for sale. It is expected to fetch $1.5 million to $2.5 million at Sotheby's March 19 sale of modern and contemporary South Asian Art.\"The Rockefellers were passionate about promoting Indian art in America ,\" said Priyanka Mathew, head of the Modern and Contemporary South Asian Art Sale at Sotheby's. The painting, which has never been shown in India, will travel to Delhi in February during the India Art Fair.The semi-abstract landscape which has splashes of vivid primary colours - reds, whites and yellows - was painted while Raza was living in France, where he was heavily influenced by masters like Cezanne. The painting exudes a dynamic energy characteristic of the artist. It shows the influence of impressionist artist with the vibrancy and direct color treatment of a Rajput miniature. \"From an Indian miniature, (Raza) draws out a French landscape!\" a critic said of the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "11394777", "title": "Panchayat diktat: Youth gets donkey ride, 2-year exile for affair with widow", "text": "REWARI: Disapproving the illicit relationship between a 37-year-old widow and a youth, a social panchayat expelled the youth from the village for two years, blackened his face and paraded him in a procession in Bodia Kamalpur village of Rewari district.The panchayat issued the diktat on Thursday after which police also went to the village. But no police action could be taken as no one had complained to police about the incident.A widow, Nirmala Devi, belonging to Yadav community and a scheduled caste youth, Naveen Kumar, were reportedly having an affair for some time and eloped from the village on December 22. The family of the woman lodged a complaint with police about her disappearance and also launched a hunt for her. The couple was traced in a neighbouring village and was brought to the village on Thursday.Villagers said that the panchayat ordered Naveen Kumar not to enter the village for two years and also blackened his face before making him ride a donkey around the village. He was also fined Rs 5,100. The woman was also given two months' exile from the village and was ordered to dig 10 square yard area in the village pond.Village sarpanch Kanwar Singh however denied having any information about any panchayat taking place in the village. However, Sadar police station SHO Satbir Singh said that a police team had gone to the village to enquire about the incident. \"No one from the village complained to police about the incident, so no police action has been initiated. As per our information, the woman and the youth are still living in the village and there is no threat to them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395615", "title": "PBD preparations complete; work done in haste", "text": "JAIPUR: Preparations by state government for the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD) were completed in a hurry on Friday, and officials looked busy giving the finishing touches.Civic bodies removed illegal hoardings near the railway station and also painting of walls and road dividers continued on Friday. As the authorities had limited time, they seem to be covering up flaws by beautifying the city with colours and paintings.After washing the Hawa Mahal with water, the authorities were also busy in painting the broken road divider in front of historical moument. The workers painted the broken divider to conceal its damaged look.JMC chief executive officer Loknath Soni, in a review meeting, had directed the officials to repair the broken dividers at the earliest.Also, saplings were planted in the important areas in a jiffy, where movement of NRIs is possible. These were planted by the civic authorities, including Jaipur Development Authority and Jaipur Municipal Corporation. The civic authorities planted the saplings in hurry without caring about its survival.JMC horticulturist Badri Prasad Sharma said, \"We have planted the saplings mainly on dividers, circles and near roads. Most of the saplings are seasonal.\"The road between Zorawar Singh Gate and Bari Chaupar is yet to be completed.However, important parts of the city are wearing a clean look for the PBD. Throughout Friday, the workers were busy in giving final touches to spruce up the city.The focus of the authorities was on the key government buildings and the important roads from where the NRIs coming from different parts of the world, would travel through.Apart from this, the state government managed to give a beautiful look to JLN Marg and the area near the Birla Auditorium. The police are closely monitoring that no filth is thrown on the road. A roadside vendor on JLN Marg said, \"Police have asked not to throw even an empty packet of gutkha on the road. They have asked us to move to other place. So, I will stay at home for the next few days, till the event is over.\"Besides, government buildings, circles and dividers have been decorated with light and flyovers have been decorated with fresco and Rajasthan-style paintings.In the Walled City, the JMC has decorated Choti Chaupar, Zorawar Singh Gate and other parts with big flower pots. The traffic police have made diversions so that the NRIs coming to the city can travel to Hawa Mahal and other heritage and tourist places without getting stuck in the traffic.Sawai Man Singh Hospital has made special arrangements for providing medical services. \"Critical care ambulances would be stationed with senior doctors at the venue and we have also reserved two cottages and two ICU during PBD,\" the hospital superintendent, L C Sharma, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393565", "title": "Notice to mayor, others for 'violation' of code of conduct", "text": "PUNE: The code of conduct cell of the election department has sent notices to four people including mayor Mohansingh Rajpal and the municipal secretary seeking clarification for alleged violation of code of conduct on January 3.The issue pertains to a bhoomipuja (ground breaking ceremony) ceremony of a flyover in Shivajinagar on Tuesday evening. The notice has also been served to MLC Anil Bhosale.\"Yes, I have received the notice. I will give the answer soon,\" said Rajpal on Friday. When asked when he might reply, Rajpal said, \"I have not been given any specific deadline.\"\"I have not done anything legally wrong. The programme was prescheduled and even advertisements regarding the same were published before the code of conduct came into force,\" said Bhosale, adding that he will give the reply to the notice in a couple of days.Municipal secretary Sunil Parakhi said, \"I have given the reply to the notice.\"The city unit of the Shiv Sena on Wednesday lodged a complaint with the municipal commissioner demanding action against deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar for allegedly violating the code of conduct by performing the bhoomipuja of the flyover.\"The code of conduct came into effect on Tuesday after the announcement of the date of the civic election for the city around 3 pm. Pawar performed the bhoomipuja of the flyover near College of Engineering Pune in Shivajinagar area, after the announcement,\" stated the complaint.The complaint added further that any programme like the inauguration of a public utility or a ground-breaking ceremony which can influence voters, is a violation of the election code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396342", "title": "JLR spins a success story", "text": "BANGALORE: An added dimension in work profile can work wonders for a profitable venture, and making hay while the sun shines is Jungle Lodges and Resorts (JLR), the ecotourism wing of the state tourism department. Besides drawing home revenue by way of promoting eco-tourism packages (to domestic and international tourists), it is their role as tourism consultants to other states that has set JLR's cash registers ringing even more in recent times.As a company successfully managing 16 resorts in various eco-tourism destinations across picturesque Karnataka, JLR authorities are increasingly being approached by other state tourism departments, eager to replicate the successful model that JLR currently is.Presently, JLR is in talks with the Andaman and Nicobar tourism wing, which is interested in engaging it as consultant. In the recent past, JLR has played consultant to a host of states, including Maharashtra, Jammu and Kashmir, Uttarakhand, Punjab and Orissa. While in Punjab they helped the tourism department in a small way, in Maharashtra they played a major role and charged a hefty sum for their efforts.Consultancy charges vary according to the effort put in by JLR authorities. While for states where they only help identify the wilderness and possible outdoor activity to go into an eco-tourism package, the consultancy amount is moderate, whereas in places where JLR authorities travel with their own team of architects and help the wings concerned construct the appropriate resort, they charge a high sum. So far, the least money has been Rs 4 lakh and the highest Rs 30 lakh, that has come in from various state tourism departments as consultation charges.\"Our role as a consultant begins with studying the feasibility of eco-tourism in the state concerned. Later, depending on their requirement, we design their resorts - guide them on what will be most suited at the place - tents or cottages or log huts - their shape, size, height as well as estimated package cost. Often, teams from other states visit our resorts before they engage our experts as consultants,\" said Sanjay Mohan, executive director of JLR Limited, which began as a single property resort in 1980.Working as consultants for the Orissa and Tripura governments, the company has advised them on eco-tourism as well as the fauna and flora in the respective states.NEAT PROFITJLR, which began as a singleproperty resort in 1980, is today the leading chain of resorts offering wildlife, eco- and adventure tourism in India. In its financial year 2011-12, revenue for JLR was Rs 40-42 crore, a neat profit of Rs 6 crore. In the last financial year, profit stood at a low of Rs 1.8 crore, with a major chunk of the Rs 36 crore going towards constructing new property. The year before that, JLR managed to draw home a good Rs 4 crore profit.JOINING HANDSJLR is in talks with tourism wings (both public and private) of Andaman and Nicobar. Has done work with the states of Orissa, Tripura and Punjab, to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11396545", "title": "PIL filed against Ranchi Apollo Hospital", "text": "RANCHI: A public interest litigation (PIL) was filed against the chairman and associates of Abur Razzaque Ansari Memorial Weavers Hospital, Irba, Ranchi (Apollo hospital) at the Jharkhand high court on Friday.The petition was filed by Banapiri Primary Weavers' Cooperative Society, one among the cluster of 99 weavers' cooperative societies of Jharkhand which functions along with the society managing the hospital.Petitioner Enamul Haq who is also the chairman of Banapiri Primary Weavers Cooperative Society has accused the chairman of Apollo hospital, S A Ansari, of diverting fund meant for welfare of weavers to hospital business and neglecting the interest of weavers in general.The petition that was filed before the division bench of justice Prakash Tantia and justice PP Bhatt claimed that fake insurance through ICICI Lombard and premium released by the department of industries are being diverted to the coffers of hospital management whereas the owners of the hospital by amending the bylaws of weavers cooperative society in 1993 had sought permission for opening a 15-bed dispensary.Counsel of the petitioner Rajiv Kumar said prayer has been made to initiate case of disproportionate assets and thorough verification of the working mandate of weavers society. \"Around 35 members of the same family are working in the hospital whereas the weavers are deprived of free health care,\" he said adding that the weaving business has suffered badly since 1997 and no serious effort has been made to revive it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394447", "title": "Municipality vice-chairman murdered", "text": "CHENNAI: The vice-chairman of Chenglepet municipality was brutally murdered by an armed gang on a street around 2.30pm on Friday.Police said B Ravi Prakash (38) had inspected the work being done ahead of the upcoming DMK state meeting, which former deputy chief minister M K Stalin is expected to attend. Prakash, who represented ward six of the municipality, went to his friend's house on Sabathi Street for lunch.He was chatting with his friends outside after lunch when an 11-member armed gang jumped out of a car and ran towards him. Prakash rushed into the house and locked himself in a room. The gang broke open the door, hacked Prakash to death and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395623", "title": "Tribal youth dies in police station", "text": "BHOPAL: An 18-year-old tribal boy allegedly committed suicide while in custody inside a police lock-up. The incident occurred in the Sorwa police station, 15 km from Alirajpur on Friday afternoon.Nakla Badaliya was picked-up by the police after the death of Nanli Nahariya, a 20-year-old Bhil tribal woman from village Kosba. Nakla was prime accused in the murder of Nanli Nahariya and taken to the police station on Thursday after the deceased woman's family named him as the culprit who killed her by shooting an arrow.Police remained tight-lipped not wanting to even acknowledge the custody death. However, the district collector Rajendra Singh and superintendent of police Chitra Narayan rushed to Sorwa police station to take stock of the situation.Police sources said that Nakla Badaliya was reportedly found hanging from the ceiling of the lock-up. But how he found the rope or the cloth with which he hung himself is not known. The question that also remains unanswered is how an-18-year-old youth managed to hang himself from the ceiling inside the lock-up at 2 in the afternoon without any policeman noticing it.On Wednesday, Nanli Nahariya was returning home with her brother. On the outskirts of the village a poisonous arrow struck her and she fell down unconscious. A day later, the woman succumbed to her injury and the family reported the matter to the police.The Alirajpur-Jhabua belt has a pre-dominant Bhil tribal population who still carry bows and arrows for self- defence. Nakla was one such youth who dressed in the traditional Bhil attire and hunted with bows and arrows. It is not known how and why, his arrow hit 20-year-old Nanli, hailing from the same village.Sources in the police department argued that Nakla was depressed that he his arrow had allegedly killed a woman of the village. He was depressed and possibly that was the reason he took the extreme step in Sorwa police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399623", "title": "Your channel preference says a lot about you", "text": "Channels you enjoy watching speak volumes about your personality. Here's howWhether it's respite from a hectic day at work, or a sad excuse for a social life, or a refuge from daily chores and nagging, what you flip on to watch in your time-out says a surprising lot about you. Your fixation towards a certain sort of programming can reveal interesting insights into your personality type, according to a study conducted by a US-based media research company.Our experts, clinical psychologist and psychotherapist Varkha Chulani and psychologist Seema Hingorrany, deduce traits associated certain types of programming to help you figure where your TRP stands. Sports and music genres have been omitted owing to their generic appeal across masses.Soaps Family bonds and relationships are top priority for you. If serials such as Bade Achhe Lagte Hain, Kuch toh Log Kahenge or Pavitra Rishta rock your world, you can be accused of being a die-hard romantic. Being overly sensitive to others emotions can make you appear timid and docile at times. High on sympathy, you are emotionally expressive. Watching these serials gives you comfort and you often use these serials to get ideas about resolving a problem in your own life.Young men who watch soaps are suspect mama's boys who tow the family line and are unlikely to rebel.Reality shows If you're hooked to over-the-top melodramatic reality shows, you will seldom find others interesting enough. You make for an inquisitive, curious person with a competitive streak hidden within. Just like your shows of choice tend to be slightly aggressive and melodramatic at times. If you happen to bang your car into someone else's on the road, chances are, you'll be the first to jump out and create a scene. Taking blame isn't your strong suit, and you are known to derive vicarious pleasure watching the lives of other people. Loud and boisterous, you're not the first to show sympathy either. Watching shows such as Roadies, Emotional Atyachar and Big Boss , makes you feel less guilty about the shortcomings in your own life.Travel and cookery Instead of drooling over Nigella Lawson , you actually watch the show to learn good cooking. Travel shows fire up the explorer in you, with your mind ticking away, trying to find a way to get yourself there. A highly creative person, you love life pretty much as it is. You believe in pushing limits and like experimenting. Not big on cribbing or sulking, you're quick to get people out of depression. The life of any party.Educational You can be accused of being a documentary-junkie. Channels such as National Geographic , Discovery, Animal Planet and History are your fix. Watching anything else on TV feels like a waste of time. Not big on parties, you have an intense personality and a clear agenda to learn more in life. Knowledge-based on facts is fuel for your mind. You are intelligent and may look down upon people who watch mindless shows. In the pursuit of perfection, you have a fundamental need to go ahead of yourself. Borderline introvert, you can become asocial whenever you need to introspect.Crime or thrillers Shows like CID, CSI , Dexter and Castle fascinate you.You are no dull cow. Reading between the lines comes naturally to you. You believe you have been gifted with a third eye. You are constantly looking to challenge yourself, be it at work or play. You are an extrovert and like to be a step ahead of others. Compared to the average Joe, you are more aware and alert about whats happening around you. You don't buy theories easily and don't gossip. You only trust first hand information.Sitcoms A big hit with most, light-hearted easy-watching sitcoms such as Sex and the City , Friends , Big Bang Theory , Two and Half Men, Mad Men and the likes appeal to your liberal lifestyle and blend with your broad-minded ideology. Having achieved a certain status and financial stability in life, you believe in individual freedom and give enough breathing space to your partner. You don't mind treating yourself well. You may still have some unfulfilled dreams and are unable to make deep connections with people.Paranormal or horror Hungry for adventure, you have an intrinsic need to explore the unknown. With your esoteric interests, if an idea interests you, you are likely to investigate it till you find convincing answers. You often employ your imagination to look for answers which are beyond rationale. However, you may get easily carried away by data which appeals to you but cannot be verified. This makes you gullible, easily influenced and vulnerable. You love to watch stories of reincarnation, ghosts and vampires or subjects dealing with the supernatural.Cartoons Adults who love to watch cartoons are looking for a quick escape from the hard reality of their times. Watching cartoons helps them revisit their childhood and nurture their inner child, reflecting a strong belief in simplicity and innocence. You work hard in life and have a good sense of humour.News of the world This is for people who are hooked to the 'breaking news' phenomenon. You have an active thought process and like to indulge in discussions with intense intellectual stimulation. You may get over-analytical at times and flaunt your intelligence; want to be seen, heard and respected. Sometimes when you get excited, you don't listen to others and miss their point.Ankit.Ajmera@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11396479", "title": "CBI seizes fake bills from khadi office", "text": "RANCHI: The CBI has recovered fake bills and invoices of more than Rs 54 lakh from the office of the Jharkhand State Khadi Village Industries Board (JSKVIB).The fake documents were seized during a raid by the CBI sleuths on Thursday and Friday. CBI deputy inspector general S K Jha confirmed the raids and the recovery of a huge number of fake invoice s and bills. However, he declined to give any details related to the raids because the process of verification was still on.Sources in the CBI said officials of JSKVIB used to claim subsidy from the Central Khadi and Village Industries Corporation (KVIC) on the fake invoices and bills. \"The JSKVIB used to claim 20-30% subsidy as per the provisions of the KVIC. We have come to know that JSKVIB bought and sold products on paper and used to show the fake bills and invoices.\"During the raid, we have seized fake invoice which were to be used to prepare bills on Thursday but before they could move ahead with their plan, we raided their office,\" said a source.The officer said to manage the fraud the officials of the JSKVIB showed that all the transactions were done in cash. The officials involved in the fraud used the excuse that most of the producers did not have bank account and were from economically weaker section of the society and so entire purchase was made in cash.\"We have also found that the officials of JSKVIB also duped customers in selling products made in looms and not original khadi,\" said an official involved in the raid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11395982", "title": "Dhrupad maestros offer shuddh ecstasy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The word 'Khayal' has Persian roots and implies 'imagination'. Khayal gayaki has been the dominant form of Hindustani music's vocal tradition since the 19th century. The ancestry of 'Dhrupad' lies in Sanskrit - it is a compound of 'Dhruva', signifying 'fixed', and 'pada', meaning 'verse'. Between the 15th and 18th century, Dhrupad's structured beauty was the main framework for a Hindustani vocalist's artistic explorations. If Khayal instigates extempore wanderings, Dhrupad encourages expression of individual instincts within a designated monument.The opulent genius fostered by Dhrupad was relished by rasikas on Day 5 of the Saptak Music Festival when maestros Pandits Umakant and Ramakant Gundecha rendered Raga Shuddh Bhairavi. \"It is a very beautiful but challenging raga,\" Pandit Ramakant Gundecha told TOI. \"Extraneous notes keep enticing a singer. But when it is elaborated properly, Bhairavi can communicate any emotion - romance, contemplation, and the 'veer ras' that connotes vigour.\"The maestros' exposition began with 'Prabhu mori binate ur dharo' and swelled into the finale with a Kabir verse, 'Ham sab mahi, sakal ham mahi'. When the performance ended, one rasika whispered to his friend: \"What's the time?\" The answer was a quip: \"Time's nearly 2 am but Dhrupad is timeless!\"What makes Dhrupad so entrancing? \"This music is based on natural harmonies and meditative musings,\" Pandit Ramakant Gundecha explained. \"Indeed, Dhrupad is the source of all Indian music. Some say Dhrupad is difficult. But our students and accompanists - Igino Brunori on saxophone and Virginia Nicoli on silver flute - have spent only three years with us, which translates into some eight months of training, and yet managed to grasp the essentials.\"The programme preceding Gundechas' glimmered with a vintage Saptak moment when sitar icon Ustad Shujaat Khan took the stage. He confided to the audience that in the morning he had not been able to pick a raga for the performance. Then he heard a record of Ustad Amir Khan caressing Jansanmohini to reveal its fragrant delicateness. Amir Khan, an ustad who shaped Hindustani history, has also consecrated Bollywood with songs such as 'Tori jai jai kartar' ('Baiju Bawra').Ustad Shujaat Khan promised the ecstatic audience that he would sing some Amir Khusro nazms apart from expounding on Jansanmohini. Khansahab's crystalline renditions were supported by Prithviraj Mishra on the tabla. Mishra was a beloved shishya of the late Pandit Nandan Mehta, the Saptak founder. Mishra has played with stalwarts like Pandit Vishwamohan Bhatt, and the late sarangi legend Ustad Sultan Khan. The other tabla accompanist, Amit Dave, gave a good account of himself as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11398851", "title": "The boy with the bat", "text": "He is the real hero of the film. And though Vidhu Vinod Chopra and director Rajesh Mapuskar kept him under wraps, Mumbai Mirror has found out the identity of the child actor, who plays Sharman Joshi's son in Ferrari Ki Sawaari.It's eight-year-old Ritvik Sahore from Borivali, who had been training for cricket for his role in the film in Bandra gymkhana for the past few months.A source close to the film revealed, \"Ritvik was extremely cooperative during the shoot of the film. He became good friends with director Rajesh and his brother Rohan Mapuskar.\" In fact, the boy can be found on the friend list of the filmmaker on a popular social networking portal.Ritvik will be seen portraying the role of Kayoze, a little boy who dreams about playing cricket at the Lords cricket ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399268", "title": "Jayam Ravi and Naga Chaitanya in Delhi Belly remake?", "text": "Here's the latest update on the Tamil remake of Delhi Belly, which will be directed by Kannan.The film will now be remade in both Tamil and Telugu and the production house is in talks with Jayam Ravi and Naga Chaitanya to reprise Imran Khan's role from the original.A source reveals, \"Initially, the team was contemplating on casting either Jiiva or Jayam Ravi in the remake. Later, it was decided Ravi would play the lead as he fit the part of a callous youngster better. However, the production unit that has acquired the remake rights of the film is planning to make the flick a bilingual and are looking for an actor who has market in both Kollywood and Tollywood. One name that popped up in their mind is Naga Chaitanya, who made a cameo in Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa and is also doing Radha Mohan's next in Tamil.\"The source adds, \"Another possibility is that Ravi might be cast in the Tamil remake and Naga Chaitanya in the Telugu. Talks are on with both the actors and a clearer picture will emerge in a few days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11394500", "title": "Councillors to meet twice a month from now on", "text": "GURGAON: The councillors of the city, who met on Friday after more than a month, unanimously agreed to hold their meeting twice a month from now onwards.This was among the significant resolutions adopted at the meeting. The \"stormy\" session saw the councillors accusing the MCG officials of not carrying out any considerable development work in their wards.The absence of the commissioner was conspicuous and it was decided not to hold meetings in the future if he was not present. Another important decision taken was to blacklist Balaji Secuirty Services, the contractor engaged for carrying out sanitation work in the MCG areas. As reported by TOI earlier, commissioner Sudhir Rajpal had written a letter to the state government to extend the contract for a year without the consent of the councillors. Besides, the e-tendering issue seems to have been resolved for the time being.\"We have decided that till such time that the e-tendering process is streamlined, work will get allocated even if there is a single bid. Also, all of us have serious issues with the behaviour of the officials, more so with those on deputation. We have resolved to send such officials back to their respective parent departments,\" said mayor Vimal Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393240", "title": "Minimum temperature up by 1 degree C", "text": "PUNE: The minimum temperature in the city was 13.6 degree C on Friday, one degree above that recorded on Thursday and 3 degrees higher than normal for this time of year.The maximum temperature too was 3 degrees above normal at 31.9 degree C.The IMD has forecast mainly clear skies with the maximum and minimum temperatures at around 32 degree C and 13 degree C respectively.Since Sunday, the minimum temperature has been above 12 degrees. This is in contrast to the below 10 degree C temperatures last week, under the influence of strong northerly winds flowing into the central and the peninsular India.It was only after cyclonic storm 'Thane' hit the Tamil Nadu coast on December 30 that the minimum temperatures started going up and went as high as 18.6 degree C on January 1.Barring a few exceptions like Ahmednagar, Jalgaon and Nashik, the minimum temperatures remained above normal in the central Maharashtra belt that stretches from Jalgaon in the north to Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre.Nashik recorded the state's lowest temperature at 8.6 degree C, followed by Jalgaon at 10.8 degree C, Ahmednagar at 11.4 degree C and Malegaon at 12 degree C. Minimum temperatures remained mostly above the 15 degree C mark in the south central Maharashtra areas of Satara, Sangli and Kolhapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11394589", "title": "4 candidates booked for flouting code of conduct", "text": "NOIDA: Watchdogs of the Election Commission cracked down heavily on violators of the Model Code of Conduct on Friday, including three poll candidates, after which cases were lodged with various police stations in Noida.The EC had given a strict order that political hoardings were to be removed from the city, however six politicians of four parties failed to adhere to the rules and cases were lodged against them under section 171c (undue influence at elections) of the IPC.A senior police official said that cases against Mahesh Sharma (BJP), Omdutt Sharma (BSP), Joginder Awana (Congress) and Sunil Chowdhary (SP) have been registered with sector 58 police station, while Kriparam Sharma of the Congress has been booked for pasting posters in the city.A case against him has been registered with the sector 20 police station. Lalit Awana of Congress has also been booked for the same with sector 39 police station. Sources said that section 171c is not a stringent section, but if politicians are found guilty then stiff action against would be taken under which their nomination could also be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11395821", "title": "Court takes strong note on UP\u2019s lethargy to clean Ganga", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court has taken a serious note of non-filing of the report by the state government on tanneries in Kanpur and expressed its serious concern, stating that the state is not extending its proper assistance to the court.The bench said that it did not expect this from the state government nor the issues were taken seriously by it. \"This is not the manner, in which a pious cause of removing pollution from river Ganga is being espoused and this court is monitoring with hope and trust that state shall extend its cooperation in this regard,\" observed the court.\"This act of the state reflects the causal manner in which the pleading and statements are made before the court,\" remarked a division bench of Justice Ashok Bhushan and Justice Arun Tandon while hearing a PIL filed to make river Ganga pollution free.The court passed this order when the report from Central Leather Institute, Chennai, as promised by the principal secretary, urban development was not filed in the court. This report was regarding the tanneries in Kanpur. It also directed the principal secretary, urban development, UP to file affidavit on January 11, 2012, explaining the stage of the report and action taken thereon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "11395939", "title": "Angul villagers protest land acquisition", "text": "ANGUL: The Odisha government's decision to set up a 1980 MW power plant by J R Power Jain Company at Kishore Nagar, about 85 km from here, is facing strong opposition from locals. The Jibana Jibika Krushi and Krusaka Surakshya Committee (JJKKSC) observed a 12-hour bandh on Friday in protest against the proposed power plant.People have been opposing the plant as they stand to lose fertile agricultural land and forest cover in its wake. They have been demanding immediate scrapping of the deal by the state government.The state government had issued a notification under section 4(1) of Orissa Land Acquisition Act two years ago for acquisition of land for the project. Irked over the decision, hundreds of locals of about 15 villages of Kishore Nagar block, under the banner of JJKKSC, observed the bandh on Friday. Agitators squatted on National Highway 55 and blocked rail traffic near Bamur. Some protesters reportedly took out a rally in the morning earlier.All government and private offices, schools, colleges and banks remained closed in the area. All business establishments downed their shutters and road and rail traffic was disrupted. All passenger and express trains plying on Bamur-Boinda route were cancelled. Sambalpur-Puri Intercity Express, Bhubaneswar-Balangir, Rourkela-Bhubaneswar, Puri-Jodhpu and Puri-Nizammuddin Express trains were cancelled due to the bandh, railway sources said.Five platoons of police force were deployed to maintain law and order in the area and no untoward incidents were reported during the bandh.Ramani Ranjana Pradhan, a resident of Jairat village said the state government notified for 4(1) of Land Acquisition Act without taking them into confidence. \"The area which is notified for the project is highly fertile for paddy and other crops. Setting up the power plant here would not only affect the livelihood of farmers but will also have an adverse impact on the environment,\" he said.The company will acquire 1,000 acres of land, out of which 300 acres are government land. Villages like Dhaurapalli, Barada Malia, Karamala Kata and Baija are going to be affected due to the project.Dinabandhu Pradhan, president of JJKKSC said, \"Our main demand is cancellation of the memorandum of understanding (MOU) signed between the company and the state government in the year 2009. We have asked the district administration to relocate the plant elsewhere and we have been opposing the power plant for the past two years. If the state government continues to acquire land for the project, there will be more opposition in the coming days.\"The state government should instead focus on developing irrigation system in the area, Pradhan said, demanding the government should start the construction work of Sureswari Irrigation Project, the foundation stone of which has already been laid by state transport and commerce minister Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo.When contacted, district collector Siba Prsada Mishra refused to divulge anything on the issue. However, Athamallik sub-collector Sudarsana Sethy said the demands of the locals have been forwarded to the state government for consideration. He said if people feel any discrepancies have been meted out to them in issuing the 4(1) notice, they should come to the table for a discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11396474", "title": "The Wrights\u2019 problem", "text": "CHENNAI: Not long ago, the newspapers announced that the chief minister of Tamil Nadu had introduced a fleet of buses equipped with special lifts to aid wheel-chair users. Soon after, the papers carried another story about the ground realities faced by an enterprising wheel-chair user who took it on himself to test out how these buses really worked. Besides the various shortcomings in the design of these buses that he had pointed out, I want to concentrate on one particular facet of the problems raised /faced by him. To wit, how does one get to the stage of using the lift in the bus? How does one get down from pavements beside the road in the first place in order to reach where the lift is? I want to concentrate on the road to a serious re-think on what accessibility involves.The entire scenario is not unlike 'what to do with an airplane before you have an airport with runways'! That got me thinking about how the Wright brothers must have solved the problem of what to do with their wonderful invention. And my mind went back to old film clips of planes taking off and landing on wide open fields. They had the space but must have had rough landings. That, and the onset of the larger planes must have been the reason for the huge runways we see in today's airports.Let me explain the analogy I am trying to elaborate thus: airplane: airport = people with disabilities: accessAllow me to push this slightly contrived analogy to the hilt. Various airlines have their planes, and various people like me have wheelchairs. They have got their airports; how shall we get access? Let us examine their game plan for success. They first create a powerful civil aviation authority, with inputs from various potential sources for the capital needed for the success of their venture, as well as support from representatives in our governments whose job descriptions would make them interested in the propsosed venture. You need the former to fund the building of airports, and the latter to remove potential problems and clear the way for approving the proposal.To play devil's advocate, you might say 'building airports has obvious potential economic benefits to interest a potential investor; what's in it for him to promote accessibility for people with various manners of disabilities?' To this devil's advocate, I say 'you will bring a huge task force of people desperately wanting to contribute to society, who are being forced to stay within the confines of their four walls because they have no other choice'. To him, I would say 'look at the proportion of humanity who have some manner of disability; look at the number of people above 60 who have some manner of impediment and who would benefit from having a barrier-free environment'. To him, I would say 'The leading scientists, politicians and corporate bosses in India are all, almost perforce, more than 60 or even 70 years old'. And I would ask him : 'Do your fancy economic assessments advocate that we deny ourselves the inputs of all these people?' Besides the obviously humanitarian ethical angle, does it not it make simple economic sense to make our society accessible.Going by this premise, I am trying to initiate a proposal to raise the money needed to: conduct an in-depth access audit of about 30 of the allegedly premiere public places in some of the richest cities in India (for example, some of the metro stations at vital hubs in Delhi, Doon School, Rabindra Sadan in Kolkata, IIT Kanpur, Churchgate station, TIFR Mumbai, IIS c Bengaluru, Rishi Valley School, the Music Academy in Chennai,... ) implement the recommendations stemming from those audits in a chosen subcollection, of maybe 10 places publicize the result of the findings from these audits bring right-thinking and concerned people - disability activists, potential investors from organizations with some sense of corporate responsibility, representatives from the pertinent branches of the Indian government - to a publicized meeting where we lay uncompromisingly bare the state of affairs in places representing our efforts to put our best foot forward, and hope the consequent embarrassment would make us draw plans on a warfooting to implement the recommendations of the audits in the remaining 20 places; and finally make realistic plans for extending the pilot project, proposed above, from the privileged few to the unprivileged many, and for making that symbolic airport of access a reality.As a great visionary of the last century said : I have a dream...VS Sunder is a professor of mathematics who incidentally 'works out of awheel-chair' at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai. (You can read more about about this column in the paragraph titled 'Literary Pursuits' at the the url https:// www.imsc.res.in/~ sunder&gt;.) He wishes to use this space to remind people periodically (roughly two Saturdays a month) of the special needs of the differently-abled members of our society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11402503", "title": "No horn please, plead school students", "text": "PATNA: Public organizations and the city police have taken it upon themselves to make Patna a city of serenity and calmness. With this objective, dozens of students and city SP Kim joined hands on Saturday to create awareness against unnecessary blowing of horns on city roads.Under the banner of Students Oxygen Movement (SOM), dozens of students belonging to International School on Saturday morning assembled at the Income-Tax roundabout. They were holding placards and posters in their hands. They stopped several vehicles and politely requested their owners to support the drive.\"Unnecessary blowing of horns is one of the main reasons behind losing tranquility in any city. We should try to avoid disturbing the calmness of our city,\" said city SP Kim. The SP lent her support to the movement by being present there.Kim appreciated the efforts of SOM and encouraged children to participate in such activities. She also said that more such programmes were needed in the city. \"The city police can also play a role in it. We will always support it,\" the SP added.The students also formed a human chain to draw public attention to the issue. During the one hour that they spent there, the students pasted stickers of \"No Horn Please\" on cars, bikes and auto rickshaws plying through the thoroughfare.\"Horn on streets is extremely irritating. It is unpleasant. We have to suffer it right in the morning when we go to school and then again when we return home,\" Kritika Singh, a student, told TOI. SOM convener Binod Singh said: \"The unpleasantness of horns feels like abuses.\"Singh said that SOM is planning to organize such an awareness programme once in a week. \"Currently, we are working at it. We will organize it more frequently, so that the menace is reduced,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11395287", "title": "2nd postmortem ends, cause of Sabina's death still unknown", "text": "MARGAO: The second postmortem report of the deceased, Sabina Hilario, was conducted at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, on Friday. However, the panel of doctors who conducted the autopsy reserved their opinion on the cause of death.The second autopsy was conducted by Dr Silvano Sapeco, Dr Madhu Ghodkirekar and Dr Parag Kumar of the GMC and was video recorded as per the instructions of Salcete sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) D M Redkar and the South Goa deputy collector after the deceased's family said they suspected foul play in her death.The postmortem report states, \"No opinion as to the cause of death can be given in the absence of chemical analysis on histo-pathological reports of tissues as they were preserved during the first autopsy examinations.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11402491", "title": "Drive against 'stylish' number plates", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police would launch a drive against vehicles not having number plates of proper size and type from January 15.Patna Senior SP (SSP) Alok Kumar said that it had been found that two-wheelers, three-wheelers and four- wheelers were using 'stylish' number plates, which is a gross violation of the provisions of Motor Vehicle Act. Some people even write police, press and advocate on the number plates of their vehicles, which is also a violation of the Act.The SSP said it has also been found that some number plates were written in a slanting and shining way while some had number plates resembling the shape of blades, which is also gross violation of the Motor Vehicle Act. The vehicle owners should get their number plates changed as per the rules before January 15. If they are caught with wrong number plates after January 15, they would be fined, he added.Kumar said the size of number plates of two-wheelers should be 200x100mm, while for light motor vehicles and passenger cars it should be 340x200mm or 500x120mm. He said that for medium commercial vehicles, heavy commercial vehicles and trailer/combination, it should be 340x200 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new prem nagar", "code": "11395126", "title": "Hardeep Grewal, the lucky charm of hockey team", "text": "NEW PREM NAGAR: He played as central half for Indian hockey team in the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics, apart from many other major international hockey tournaments in which Indian team performed well. In other words, olympian Hardeep Singh Grewal had been the lucky charm of the team when he played hockey for India from year 1983 to 1990.At the age of 50, Grewal still plays hockey on weekends at hockey ground in Punjab Agricultural University. He also visits Guru Nanak Dev Stadium for motivating budding players in their respective games. Grewal feels proud that he was part of the Indian team in Olympics that gave him great exposure and memorable moments of his life. He said they played under the captaincy of renowned Indian captain Zafar Iqbal and their team was 5th in the competition.Olympian Hardeep Singh Grewal said the decade of 80s was very memorable for him, as after his participation in the Olympics in 1986, he played the World Hockey Cup in London , England, and Asian Hockey Cup in Seoul , North Korea, under the captaincy of Mohammad Shahid.Resident of New Prem Nagar, Grewal said he played champions trophy for India twice, once in Perth, Australia, in 1985 and for the second time in Karachi , Pakistan, in 1986. Then came the wow moment when he played World Hockey Cup at Lahore in Pakistan in 1990. Grewal was fascinated by hockey ever since he was a child and started playing hockey at the age of 14 under the supervision of coach, Baldev Singh.He was a student of Arya College, Ludhiana, and part of college team and participated in many inter-college and university-level competitions. He said he used to take fitness guidelines from Teja Singh Dhaliwal. Grewal lamented that hockey is losing sheen and the scenario has totally changed in Ludhiana, as the city does not has proper infrastructure for the game. He said when he was student, various schools and colleges had their own hockey teams but now there are very few institutions where this game is practiced. He said he used to play hockey on PAU Astroturf but now that the stadium is under renovation, he wants the work to end soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11394641", "title": "Jaundice outbreak haunts city", "text": "KOLKATA: Even as the civic authorities are grappling with chikungunya, cases of jaundice have been reported from across Kolkata. Scores of patients have been seeking admission to hospitals over the last two weeks. It was at Ward 122 in north Kolkata that the outbreak was first reported. Patients have been seeking treatment from southern and central parts of the city as well. While experts are baffled at the unseasonal outbreak, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation has been running two jaundice detection camps in the affected area.\"It's surprising since cases of jaundice usually shoot up in summer. Hepatitis A is a water-borne disease which is easily contracted in summer when water consumption goes up and people often end up drinking from contaminated sources. But it's not unprecedented either. If water sources are contaminated, then an outbreak is possible any time of the year. It is indeed worrying,\" said PK Nemani, vice-president of the Indian Medical Association.Many of the cases have been severe enough to necessitate hospitalization. Scores of children have been affected, according to paediatrician Shantanu Ray. \"Children between three and eight years have been affected more this time. Generally, those between 12 and 15 fall prey. Early detection is very important since the young have low resistance. There is also the possibility of residual infection leading to a recurrence of jaundice,\" said Ray.According to the civic authorities, Ward 122 has several infected waterbodies that are being used rampantly by locals. More than 500 have so far got their blood samples examined at the camps. \"Less than 5% have tested positive. But we need to be careful for our inspection reveals that a few contaminated ponds are being used for washing utensils and clothes. The same water is being used for drinking. It has to be stopped,\" said Atin Ghosh, MMIC (health). He added that contamination has been detected in one out of the eight water samples collected by the KMC.More than 100 patients have been treated at SSKM Hospital over the last one week. RG Kar Hospital, too, has recorded a spurt in the number of cases. The symptoms have not been unusual, though. Most have had high fever, loss of appetite and vomitting tendencies. Rest and a restricted diet are the best ways to tackle the disease, pointed out doctors. \"A low fat diet with less oil is recommended. Protein consumption has to be restricted. Carbohydrates must be taken liberally to help the liver recover and heal faster,\" said Nemani.Some even pointed out that a winter outbreak was not extraordinary since personal hygiene often suffers during the period. \"People tend to use less water in winter. This makes it easier for Hepatitis A and E - both of which are water-borne - to spread. So, we must make sure that enough water is used. Drinking water has to be germ-free,\" said Rezaul Karim, teacher at SSKM Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "11394674", "title": "Ten arrested for Raina clash", "text": "BURDWAN: Union minister of state for shipping Mukul Roy on Friday met the Trinamool Congress supporters injured in the clash with their CPM counterparts in Raina on Thursday.So far, police have arrested ten persons for the clash, said Raina OC Sudip Dasgupta. Roy also met Burdwan SP Humayun Kabir during the day and directed him to arrest all the culprits.Trouble started on Wednesday when CPM arranged a huge rally in its bastion Nandal village in Raina. Party leaders alleged that during the rally, Trinamool supporters beat up Narugram panchayat pradhan Bikash Mallick of the CPM. In retaliation, his supporters beat up Trinamool supporters on Thursday evening.Kabir visited Nandal village on Friday. The situation is still very tense and a police picket has been posted in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399484", "title": "High five through the decades", "text": "The Krishnaveni Panjaalai team released their audio in the city recently.Though they did have a launch earlier, where A P J Abdul Kalam received the first copy of the album from director Mahendran. Composed by Raghunanthan, of Thenmerkku Paruvakaatru fame, there are four songs in the film, lyrics for two songs have been penned by Vairamuthu, one by Thamarai and another by Chitran. Says Raghu, \"Krishnaveni Panjaalai is my first film, but Thenmerkku Paruvakaatru released first. It was interesting to compose for this film which spans from the 50s to early 90s and compose tracks according to the times. I personally liked composing the Un Kankal... number.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396181", "title": "Maldivian police officer electrocuted", "text": "BANGALORE: A Maldivian police officer was electrocuted on Thursday evening, after he accidentally came in contact with a live wire hanging close to the balcony of his secondfloor rented house on Nagarabhavi 10th Main Road, near Jnanabharathi campus of Bangalore University.The victim, Lance Corporal Mohammed Shakir, 31, had arrived here on Wednesday to visit his wife, Ramiz Ali, a student of Padmashri Engineering College.He was chatting with his wife around 4pm in the balcony, when he stretched and his hands touched the 11kv electric line hanging close by.DCP (West) SN Sidramappa told TOI that Shakir sustained burns. He was first rushed to Fortis Hospital and then to Victoria Hospital, where he succumbed to burns. Jnanabharathi police registered a case against house owner Shanthamma and Bescom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11395531", "title": "No rift with Trinamool, says Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress does not want to confront West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee considering crucial assembly polls in five states, including UP.The party on Friday asserted that there was \"no rift\" with the UPA partner while admitting that there were differences of opinion with Trinamool.The cozy relationship with TMC came under strain after the UPA ally opposed Lokpal bill and the ruling party was forced to withhold the decision on FDI in retail.AICC spokesman Abhishek Singhvi said, \"Nobody is denying that there are differences of opinion. Such difference of opinion is not irreconcilable... To try to act like 'Narad muni' to provoke and to create a provocative atmosphere is not right. We are allies. There is nothing which cannot be sorted out through talks. Sometimes it is time consuming.\"Sources said the ruling party was awaiting the performance in the five states which could increase its maneuverability within the UPA. The party is also hoping to increase its tally in the Rajya Sabha where UPA is in minority.\"We are not perverse or unreasonable with Mamata on any issue, be it the sharing of Teesta waters, FDI in retail or the Lokpal bill,\" Singhvi said, adding that \"no ally could have a veto\".Though party leaders denied any apparent rift, they cautioned that the Congress's reaction should not be seen as a sign of weakness.Sources have been hinting that it was open to do business with Samajwadi Party having 22 Lok Sabha members after the UP polls to marginalise Trinamool Congress which has 18 MPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11396616", "title": "\u2018Women lie 500 times a year about their diet\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Ladies also lie. In fact, a study has found that women tell nearly 500 fibs a year about their eating and drinking habits.\"It was only a small portion,\" is women's favourite untruth, and one of nine lies told weekly by the average woman. It is followed by \"I'll have a big lunch so I won't eat much after this\", and \"I only treat myself once in a while\".Claiming always to eat five portions of fruit and vegetables a day, never eating biscuits and only drinking one glass of wine a day are also common falsehoods, according to the study, based on a survey by watch manufacturer Timex.Women often claim to be only \"eating the kids' leftovers\" or \"testing the dinner\" when indulging; other questionable claims include never eating fast food, only drinking to toast a special occasion and claiming that red wine is healthy.Cassandra Maximenko of Timex was quoted by the Daily Telegraph as saying, \"Studies show that keeping a food diary can double weight loss but it seems rather than being honest about the food and drink which passes our lips, many women are lying about it, or completely denying it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11394789", "title": "RK Mission plans animation film on Swamiji\u2019s life", "text": "KOLKATA: Ramakrishna Mission is in the process of making a 90-minute animation film on the life of Swami Vivekananda to make his 150th birth anniversary special. Though January 12 is Swamiji's 150th birth anniversary, the Mission will celebrate the culmination of the same next year. Work is on in full swing and the film is likely to be released in January next year.The film, christened \"Kindled\", is being made by Aura Cinematics, an animation film company roped in by RK Mission. The storyline has been finalized and experts are now working on the animation figures. Interestingly, the technique used in the recent Tintin film - a combination of animation and realistic figures - will also being used in \"Kindled\".\"We call it 3D with toon shading. It is the most recent technique in the world of animation,\" said Sushmita Mukherjee, spokesperson of Aura Cinematics. While the film is being directed by Sukankan Roy, Mumbai-based Neil will score the music.For almost a year, the film-making team discussed Swamiji's life with RKM monks in order to arrive at a storyline. \"We finally decided to create a story on the philosophy - service to man as God - that Swamiji followed. In doing this, we realized that we would have to start our story when Swamiji was just out of school to the end of his life. We have not included his childhood or formative years within the scope of this film,\" said Swami Chandrakantananda, a senior RKM monk coordinating the project.The film will start at a stage where Narendranath Dutta had still not become Swami Vivekananda. He had just written his FA exam from Scottish Church College and got introduced to Ramakrishna Paramhansa, to whom he started singing devotional songs regularly. Paramhansa Deb gradually instilled the philosophy of service in his favourite disciple. The famous episode, where Paramhansa tells Swamiji, \"Jeebe daya noi, seba koro...shib gyane jeeb seba,\" will be a part of the film.The story goes on to trace how Swamiji got Paramhansa's 10 other disciples around him and founded the RK Mission and how the Mission moved from one campus to another till Swamiji was finally able to buy 20 bighas of land on the banks of Hooghly in Belur and set up Belurmath. Swamiji's Chicago lecture will naturally be there but more importantly, the film will focus on the technologies that he learnt from the West that would help him alleviate poverty and suffering of his people. \"His fight against plague and famine will be shown in the film. It is here that we will focus on Sister Nivedita,\" Swami Chandrakanta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401869", "title": "Sanusha to romance Karthi", "text": "Mollywood child prodigy Sanusha, who has done some meaningful movies in Kollywood, will now get to romance Karthi.The young actress will be seen next in director Suraj's yet-to-be-titled project. It will see her essaying the role of comedian Santhanam's sister. Apparently, her character is in love with Karthi. Sanusha is being paired with Karthi for the first time and she is visibly excited about it.Suraj of Padikathavanand Mappillaifame has also roped in Anushka for the project.Sanusha's Tamil project, Parimala Thiraiarangam,is getting ready for release. For the first time M-town will see her in a lead role in Mr Marumakanalong with Dileep . She also has a Telugu movie in her kitty titled, Genius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395410", "title": "Sabita blames it all on Srilakshmi", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI has claimed that Sabita Indra Reddy, then minister in-charge of mines who deposed as a witness in the illegal mining case, told them that it was IAS officer Y Srilakshmi who pressured her in June 2007 to part with 25 hectares of land belonging to AP Mineral Development Corporation (AMPDC) to be given to Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC). Srilakshmi was the secretary of state industries (mines) wing at that point of time.CBI sources told TOI that Sabita Indra Reddy's statement recorded earlier as a witness in the case is now part of the OMC chargesheet, the probe agency filed in the CBI court. According to the sources, in her statement, Sabita stated that Srilakshmi had pressured her to allocate about 25 hectares of land in Anantapur district belonging to APMDC to OMC over and above the leases that were already granted to the company.So far, the CBI has remained mum about the role of Sabita in the case, except merely saying that she was questioned only as a witness and that only the course of the investigations would guide them to take any further step. However, Sabita refused to part with the land, CBI sources said. The agency's joint director has been maintaining that a supplementary chargesheet in the case could materialize depending on the additional evidence they are able to gather before the trial in the case begins. According to the sources, the CBI is likely to file the additional chargesheet in the next 10 days.It was also claimed by the CBI that the diamond crown that was presented by Gali to Lord Venkateshwara of Tirumala was funded by the illegal money he made through OMC. \"All the Rs 40 crore that Gali spent in procuring the diamond crown was from the proceeds of the illegal mining,\" said the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11396432", "title": "RSS prefers to look at the bigger issue", "text": "MYSORE: Come what may, the BJP should not lose its \"election instinct\" to take on the Congress on the corruption plank in the next parliamentary elections, by yielding to former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa and his supporters' demand to give him a prime position.The RSS leadership appears to be firm and directed BJP leaders not to yield on the issue of corruption and provide a position to Yeddyurappa, who was asked to step down by the party's central leadership on the Lokayukta's report on illegal mining.\"For the sake of one Yeddyurappa and the fear of losing a government or 10-20 Lok Sabha seats, the party cannot compromise its position against corruption in public life,\" an RSS source told TOI on Friday.According to these sources, Yeddyurappa might have been responsible in providing a winning margin for the BJP to grab 110 seats in the 2008 elections, but it does not mean he has the capacity to win elections on his own. \"We have built the BJP in Karnataka over a period of time to carve out its own vote base and this will not fizzle out with the exit of Yeddyurappa,\" they pointed out, disclosing that the BJP leadership has made up its mind to face the consequences if Yeddyurappa quits the party.However, they still appear to be confident of roping in Yeddyurappa, and he dubbed his threat of quitting the BJP to float his own outfit as \"arm-twisting\" tactics to get a post.However, both the RSS and BJP leaders appear to be repenting having given Yeddyurappa a free hand in running the government and party in Karnataka. \"We made a mistake by allowing Yeddyurappa to induct Tom, Dick and Harry into the party without them having any idea of the ideology and principles of the RSS and BJP,\" sources said. There is also confidence that the BJP can win 10 to 12 LS seats in the state even without Yeddyurappa. \"Without him, we may lose 10 seats of the present 19, and this could be made up elsewhere with the party's posture on corruption and its ideology,\" sources added.Asked about Yeddyurappa's supporters taking umbrage over tainted former minister Babusingh Kushwaha's admission into the party in UP, sources said if BJP leaders have committed a mistake by admitting Kushwaha, they owe an explanation.When contacted, RSS national spokesperson Ram Madhav told TOI from New Delhi that party leaders will tackle all these issues. \"Many leaders, including Yeddyurappa, are from the RSS and I don't think they will deviate from the party ideology,\" he said.PARTY STANCEWithout him, we may lose 10 seats of the present 19, and this could be made up elsewhere with the party's posture on corruption and its ideology", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11394667", "title": "Despite late start, crowds show up at flower show", "text": "COIMBATORE: With Coimbatore North MLA T Malaravan arriving nearly two hours late, the Kovai Flower Show began on a damp note. Even the speeches were largely perfunctory. But the joint organisers, The Rotary Club Uptown and Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU), were optimistic that the show this year would be as successful as the previous years.In his presidential address, P Murugesa Boopathi, vice-chancellor, TNAU, asked everyone to make the most of the show. \"Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh are the major flower producers. About 31,920 hectares of land in TN are under flower cultivation. In Tamil Nadu, Dindugul, Salem, Erode and Coimbatore are the major areas producing flowers,\" he said.The TNAU botanical garden had been converted into a gallery for the flower show. \"Unlike previous years, each arrangement is conceptualised. This is a first for India,\" said N Sivakumar, project chairman, Rotary Coimbatore Uptown.He stressed that the flower show was not just to entertain but also to educate. They hoped to create polio eradication awareness via the show. \"Across the world, rotary clubs have spent over Rs 5,000 crore towards eradicating polio,\" he said.The India Gate arrangement and the cricket world cup are the major attractions at the show this year. \"The Rotary Uptown in Coimbatore has held the mini marathon for the last 16 years. We have also actively distributed school uniforms and kits to children,\" he said.Over 200 varieties of loose flowers such as chrysanthemum, aster , petunia, salvia, pansy and cut flowers such as rose, anthurium, orchid, lilium, carnation, gerbera, lisianthus, bird of paradise, heliconia, gyposphylla, statice and rare exotic flowers were displayed.Mayor, S M Velusamy, said, \"Generally, flower shows happen in hill stations like Kodaikanal and Ooty. The organisers are creating history by organising a flower show in a city like Coimbatore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11402916", "title": "Divided BJP now puts up stout defense for Kushwaha", "text": "LUCKNOW: BJP vice-president Vinay Katiyar on Saturday put up a stout defense for Babusingh Kushwaha's induction in the party. Apart from turning the tables on the Congress for shielding Home minister P Chidambaram and Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit - a much toed line post-Kushwaha episode, Katiyar said that the former cabinet colleague of Mayawati would play a vital role in ensuring that the UP chief minister finally atones for her sins in the privacy of her prison cell.Talking to the TOI, Katiyar said that the BJP was not holding any brief for Kushwwaha, in case he has scammed. \"However there is a reasonable apprehension that tipped by the congress party, the CBI is all set to use incriminating evidence to shield Maya and top IAS officers and hound comparatively smaller fish. Logically, CBI should have questioned Mayawati who headed NRHM as a chairperson or the senior 'babus' under whose signature crores were siphoned off. The agency however is busy targeting Kushwaha, a man of little consequence as against the all powerful Maya,\" he said.Katiyar went on to say, \"To destroy a tree one has to dig and chop at the roots, plucking a small leaf will be of no help. If the CBI actually wants to trail the NRMH loot, let them start with Maya.\"\"Anyway, now with Kushwaha in the camp, the BJP will ensure that justice is done in the plunder of public money. Much like Vibhishan (a character from Hindu mythology) who helped (lord) Ram in slaying the demon King Ravan by letting off the secret of his longevity, we will demolish the BSP in UP by exposing Mayawati with the help his much wronged, used and abused former comrade,\" he threatened.However the scam tainted fresher in the party has no option but to lie low. \"He has not been assigned any role in the party unit,\" Katiyar clarified. \"He is definitely not among the list of our star campaigners nor is he going to contest on a party ticket. His status is only that of an ordinary party worker, no more and no less.\"Meanwhile the BJP state president SP Shahi put up a brave front and denied that the Kushwaha factor had created a rift in the state leadership. A difference of opinion is quite normal in any democratic outfit. There may be divergent opinion, but nothing as drastic as is being made out. Our party is very much intact and gearing up for the coming poll,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11394646", "title": "Saying it with flowers", "text": "COIMBATORE: The flower show spoke volumes for the creativity of the designers who helped conceptualize the entire event. From the Ikebana design showcasing the themes of heaven, earth and man, to the cricket world cup , the exhibition was a feast for the eyes.The orchids spoke of Happy Homes while several plants and leaves were treated and bleached to preserve the arrangement and give it a unique look. \"These flowers are treated with natural dye and colours to prolong their life,\" says M Visalakshi, a researcher of horticulture. She says that treated flowers are also a lucrative business.Researchers of the entomology department showcased butterflies and insects. S Vinod, a JRF researcher, says butterflies and insects can be stuffed. It is a trick which can be learned in fifteen minutes, he said. \"After a butterfly or insect is caught, we kill it and put a pin on it. There are different pinpoints for each species of butterfly and insect,\" says Vinod.\"We have been working for some time to make the most creative designs,\" says Nagapriya R, a second-year student of TNAU. They were helped by professional decorators, she said. \"We made bamboo models. Over that we placed foams which have been dipped in water to keep the flowers fresh. The foams are used to display the flowers,\" says Nandini, another student.Bonasai decorations were also popular. A vintage show of around twenty cars was also part of the exhibition. Naveen Velmurugan has a set of vintage cars including Moris Miner and Hindusthan cars and Willys world war jeep. \"I drive these vintage cars to college,\" says Naveen, a student of SAN International B School. They are a part of his grandfather's collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395293", "title": "Accused say Nayeem involved in Patolla killing", "text": "HYDERABAD: For the first time, Hyderabad police has confirmed that renegade Maoist Nayeem played a major role in the sensational murder of Patolla Goverdhan Reddy 10 days ago in the heart of the city.A day after the five accused - Anil, alias Nagesh, of Ram Nagar; Mammidi Prashanth Reddy of ECIL; Mohd Ahmed of Ghouse Nagar in Chandrayangutta; Edela Narender of Jagadgirigutta and Kandukuri Srinivas of Mancherial - surrendered to Task Force personnel on the outskirts of the city, Hyderabad police formally arrested them on Friday.Briefing the media about the case, Hyderabad police commissioner AK Khan said sharing of property in a 15-acre land dispute was the motive behind the murder and added that Nayeem might have played a central role in the conspiracy. \"The genesis of the murder conspiracy is the dispute between Chandra Reddy and another group made up of Karunakar Rao, Narender Reddy, Vittal Reddy, Veerabhadrudu and Venkat Ramana over 15 acres of land located in survey numbers 34, 37, 39, 43 and 75 in Uppal's Kalsa Mandal,\" Khan added.In order to settle the land dispute, Karunakar Rao's team approached Patolla while Chandra Reddy sought Nayeem's assistance through his associate Sheshanna, the top cop said. During discussions, Patolla, much to the dismay of others, insisted that a major share of the settlement amount should go to his trusted friend Vittal Reddy.Meanwhile, Anil came to know that Patolla no longer trusted him and so he might not get his expected share from the settlement. At this juncture, Nayeem's associate Sheshanna approached Anil with a proposal to join hands with them and eliminate Patolla.\"Sheshanna even paid up to Rs 2 lakh in a few instalments to Anil to eliminate Patolla,\" Khan said. Incidentally, Sheshanna, an autodriver from Mahbubnagar, is an accused, along with Nayeem, in the IPS officer Vyas murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394482", "title": "Unitech boss asks HC to quash case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unitech boss Sanjay Chandra moved Delhi high court on Friday seeking quashing of charges against him in the 2G spectrum scam case.In his petition, Chandra argued that the CBI had accepted there was no evidence of any illegal gratification or bribing of public servants against him and this itself was ground enough to distinguish his case from others.The petition also said his firm applied for licences much before the cut-off date (September 25, 2007) was announced and blamed the CBI for ignoring those companies including Shyam Telelink which applied for telecom licences on the cut-off date.Seeking an end to criminal proceedings against him, Chandra claimed the role attributed to him in the chargesheet did not constitute any criminality and he could not be charged with sections of IPC or the Prevention of Corruption Act.\"Trial court has failed to appreciate that all the accused are competitors and there is alleged charges of illegal gratification to public servants on others. There is no such allegation against Sanjay Chandra and Unitech Wireless,\" the petition said, adding that there was no evidence to show any conspiracy with a public servant to cause wrongful loss to the government.It also referred to FDI policy in telecom to emphasize that the company did not made illegal gains as it only diluted its equity after receiving necessary approvals from Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) and Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) to bring fresh equity in the company for expansion and infrastructure expansion.The CBI alleges Chandra and his firm were among the beneficiaries of the 2G scam and he was given 2G spectrum licence by sacked minister A Raja despite its ineligibility. The agency claims Chandra's company was tipped off about the advancement of cut-off dates for applying for 2G licences. After getting the licences, Unitech and co-accused Swan Telecom sold their equity to foreign companies, making huge profits, the CBI alleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bellary", "code": "11394290", "title": "Tapal wants Reddy expelled from BJP", "text": "BELLARY: Even as expelled BJP leader and former minister B Sriramulu is giving final touches for the launch of a new political party, the saffron party seems to be preparing grounds to expel his mentor G Janaradhana Reddy, who is currently at a jail in Hyderabad.As a precursor to this, Bellary BJP on Friday set a deadline to expel Reddy in the \"larger interests\" of the party. Reddy's bete noire and miner Tapal Ganesh told reporters on Friday: \"The BJP should expel Reddy on whom the CBI recently filed a chargesheet at Nampalli court, or else I will resign.\"Ganesh, who joined BJP prior to the recent Bellary rural bypoll, said he is disappointed that BJP is looking at it as a political strategy and not as an issue. Ganesh also said he will resign from the party if M P Renukacharya, a close confidant of former CM B S Yeddyurappa, meets Reddy at Chanchalaguda prison.Ganesh said Reddy is the kingpin of all illegal mining activities in the district and also the reason for mining and steel industry to face a blackout now.\"BJP leaders carried out an apologetic campaign during the bypoll, saying that they made a mistake by encouraging thugs like the Reddys, and also promised to correct themselves, on which I joined the party,\" he said. Ganesh said he has written a letter to BJP president K S Eshwarappa, demanding the expulsion of Reddy and immediate appointment of a capable Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11396576", "title": "FIR against parents", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Barhi SDO Mayunkh on Friday lodged FIRs against parents of students whose residential certificates submitted for admission in schools were found to be fake.The students had applied for registration for admission to the Indira Gandhi Girls Residential School in Hazaribag and the Netarhat Boys Residential School at Netarhat for 2011-2012. The parents had allegedly submitted forged residential certificate for seeking admission.Mayunk said, \"The school authorities had sent the residential address produced by parents of 15 students, including girls and boys who belonged to the Barhi sub-division of Hazaribag district, for verification but it was found that the address provided in the certificates were fake and forged.\"On the basis of this, the SDO submitted a report to the school authorities, the state government and police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394318", "title": "Juhu businesswoman held for Rs 82L fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: A businesswoman from Juhu was arrested on Friday by the Malad police for duping her acquaintance of diamond jewellery worth Rs 82 lakh. The accused, Neetu Arora (40), has been booked for cheating and criminal breach of trust. She will be produced before a metropolitan court on Saturday. and could not be reached for comment.The complainant, Aarti Mehra (49), resides in the plush Yugdharma Tower opposite Inorbit mall in Malad.Mehra got acquainted with Arora last year through her sister-in-law who was friends with the her. The two became friends and started meeting often.While Mehra is a diamond jewellery retailer, Arora deals in textiles.\"Arora purchased diamond ornaments worth Rs 5 lakh from Mehra in January 2011 and paid for them within a few days. Later, she placed another order for ornaments worth Rs 5 lakh.Her other purchases from Mehra included a Rs 25-lakh solitaire and ornaments worth Rs 20 lakh, in a bid to win Mehra's trust,\" said investigating officer Manohar Harpude. Collectively, Arora purchased diamond ornaments worth Rs 55 lakh from Mehra in 2011 and paid for them.On January 1 this year, Arora told Mehra that she had to attend a grand wedding in the family and would need a lot of diamond jewellery. As Mehra isn't a major retailer, she assured Arora that she would arrange for more ornaments from another jewellery store.Mehra arranged diamond ornaments worth Rs 82 lakh for Arora and asked her to sign a document acknowledging the dues.Later, Arora gave a cheque of Rs 82 lakh to Mehra for the ornaments. However, when Mehra went to encash the cheque, she was told that Arora had closed the account. Mehra then approached the Malad police and a case was registered on Thursday.Acting on the complaint, the police arrested Arora on Friday.More arrests are likely in the case. Officials said Arora resides close to actor Amitabh Bachchan's bungalow 'Prateeksha' at Juhu.Arora's family members were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394241", "title": "Book broker's assaulters for abetment of suicide: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has directed the Borivli police to add charges of abetment of suicide against four persons booked for assaulting share broker Jigar Kapadia last November. Jigar had moved the court after the police lodged only a non-cognizable complaint against the four.Three days before the hearing, Jigar was run over by a train and died on December 16. The police registered an FIR on December 26 and have, so far, arrested two of the four accused.\"We told the court on Thursday that the four accused-Osmund Marcellus, Adil Dastur, Fardinal Gomes and Johnson Miranda-had beaten up Jigar, forced him to sign cheques of Rs 35.60 lakh and were responsible for driving him to end his life,\" Jigar's lawyers Kiran Chawla and Mayur Vakil said. \"When the public prosecutor told the court that the railway police had registered an accidental death case, the judge directed the police to first add charges of abetment of suicide, investigate them andif they did not stand, then tofile a report accordingly,\" Chawla said.The four accused were initially booked for molestation (they had thrashed Jigar's pregnant wife), extortion, assault and criminal intimidation. After the High Court's direction, charges of abetment of suicide under Section 306 of the Indian Penal Code are being added against them.Of the four accused, Marcellus was arrested on December 27, 2011. Another accused, Dastur, was arrested on December 30. \"But he claimed to have suffered a paralytic attack and is hospitalized. He is yet to be produced before the court,\" Vakil said.TOI was the first to report about Jigar's case in its December 29 edition (Share broker hounded to death by 4 investors). The following day, Jigar's father Jawahar was summoned to the zonal deputy commissioner's office in Borivli to give a detailed statement of what had transpired since the day his son was assaulted in November 2011.The four had invested in the share market through Jigar. But the market crashed and Jigar was unable to give them profitable returns. This angered them. Jigar's pregnant wife, Urmi, has been sent away to her maternal home since his death. The couple used to stay at Chikoowadi in Borivali West, while Jawahar and Jigar's mother lived not too far at Kandivali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11404103", "title": "Pravasi Bhartiya Diwas: Bihar to showcase its development story", "text": "PATNA: State government will showcase the development story of Bihar at the state-specific session slated to be held on Monday at the three-day 10th Non-Resident Indian (NRI) meet that started at Jaipur in Rajasthan on Saturday.The theme of the business and cultural jamboree is 'Global Indian - Inclusive Growth'. Incidentally, the Nitish-led NDA government, for the last five fiscals, has also stressed on practising inclusive growth.In terms of plan perspective, it implies inviting foreign or domestic investment to give a push to macro economy, and at the micro level, it implies creating productive employment opportunities for people, including scheduled caste (SC), scheduled tribe (ST), minorities and women in a more focused manner. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , state's finance minister, has started presenting the state's gender budget, along with its general budget, in the state legislature.In tune with the same, the state industries department would make a detailed presentation on the implementation of development-oriented programmes undertaken with public investment at the NRI meet. NRIs have already been invited to attend the session on Bihar. They would be apprised of the present Bihar scene. Incidentally, the present state dispensation, like observers of the Bihar scenario, has taken the 2005-06 fiscal as the cut-off year to point out the accelerated progress, including the 10.5% average annual growth rate, compared to the previous fiscals.During the presentation of the new Bihar development story, NRIs would be invited to invest in the state to give impetus to inclusive growth.According to the department, participants at the NRI meet would be informed about potential investment areas in Bihar, like agriculture, health, education, energy and industry sectors. Interestingly, while the projection for national growth in the agriculture sector was 4% in the 11th Five Year Plan, the actual growth rate was only around 2%. Compared to that, Bihar recorded an annual growth rate of around 4%, as an Assocham report released recently noted. The state government has already constituted an Agriculture Cabinet comprising 18 departments to give a boost to the agriculture sector.The industries department has also put up a stall on Bihar at the meet. State industries minister Renu Devi would inaugurate it on Sunday. The NRIs would also be invited to participate in the three-day 'Global summit on changing Bihar' to be held in Patna from February 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11398888", "title": "Shah Rukh wants the coast clear", "text": "Before beginning shoot for Yash Chopra's next, SRK asked Katrina whether she was comfortable working with him despite the Salman issueThe source told Mumbai Mirror, \"In the past Salman has disrupted shoots featuring his former girlfriends. The shoot of Aziz Mirza's Chalte Chalte had to be stopped when Salman barged in on the sets of the film. Deciding to avoid the risk of facing disruption once again, Shah Rukh replaced Aishwarya Rai with Rani Mukerji in the project back then.\"\"Perhaps it was due to past experience that SRK asked Katrina before beginning the shoot with someone as senior as Yash Chopra ,\" added the source.\"Shah Rukh wanted no problems on the sets. Yashji is over 75-years-old. He is directing a film after a long time. Only when Katrina assured Shah Rukh that there was no question of any intrusion did he agree to start the shoot,\" informed the source. And now, the first schedule for the Shah Rukh-Katrina film begins next week.\"Katrina's equation with Salman is very clear. They're very good friends. But if he does the ex-boyfriend act with her, he will lose her goodwill for good. For Shah Rukh who has been through some nightmarish experiences with Salman, the tranquil equation that Katrina shares with Salman was not easy to understand. Having understood the equation Shah Rukh now feels he can shoot the film in a relaxed atmosphere ,\" concluded the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11395265", "title": "Curca property owner in dock for hill cutting", "text": "PANAJI: The flying squad under the North Goa collector registered a case under Section 17-A of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1974, against an upcoming housing project for an extensive cutting of a sloppy hill in Molembhat, Curca, recently.A few villagers who complained to the department alleged that the builder had violated on three counts the permission issued by the TCP for digging of foundation pits, trenches and laying internal roads under Section 17-A of the TCP Act, 1974, for the residential complex, barely 150m from the Curca church.\"We inspected the site and registered the complaint after verifying the facts,\" an official of the flying squad said. The squad also issued stop work orders to the project's promoter.Though the TCP had issued approval to the project for digging of foundation pits, trenches and laying an internal road, the villagers alleged that he has excavated and altered the steep hill slope. \"The space for the third building in the row from the road has been made by cutting and levelling the hill,\" Manguesh Kuttikar, a villager, alleged.The stretch of the hill northwards from the church appeared fully green. \"Now, the red gash in the hill facing the Siridao river can be seen from Batim 1km away,\" Anthony Cardozo, another resident, alleged.The forest department had given permission to cut 25 trees in the project area marked as orchard in ODP. \"The trees permitted to be felled were 11 teakwood trees, four each of jambul and mango and other trees,\" Kuttikar said.\"The full plot area has been deforested and the beauty of the landscape has been altered,\" Cardozo alleged.As per the approval issued by the TCP, the promoter had to display a board (of size 100cm x 50cm) prominently at the site. \"But there is no display board at the site though the work has been in progress for many days,\" the villagers alleged.Despite orders to stop the work, villagers alleged that workers could be seen carrying out the construction work at the site on Friday. \"If the work continues despite the directions, we will issue instructions to the police to keep vigil,\" a squad official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395698", "title": "New traffic rules for Pravasi Bharatiya Divas start today", "text": "JAIPUR: Banning entry to roads leading to Statue Circle during Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas (PBD) sessions, imposing one way throughout daytime during the three days on MI Road and Ashoka Marg and complete ban on entry of heavy vehicles are among the several restrictions imposed by the traffic department from January 7 to January 9.According to deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Rohit Mahajan, elaborate traffic arrangements have been made for the PBD at the Birla Auditorium in the city.The traffic restrictions will be in effect from January 7 till January 10, Mahajan said.\"During this period, vehicles will be completely prohibited on roads leading to Statue Circle from Prithaviraj T Point, Mahaveer Marg, Park Plaza, Sarojini Marg, Sahdev Marg,\" the officer said.Only those who come to participate in the PBD will be allowed entry through these roads. He added that the vehicles coming to Statue Circle will be diverted to other routes.A complete ban on the plying of heavy vehicles carrying goods have also be banned. \"Even vehicles which had been given permission earlier for entry into the city during this period will not be allowed. Their permission has been cancelled,\" Mahajan said.Besides, mini buses, city buses and tourist buses coming from Amber and Delhi Road will be allowed entry through Dhobi Ghat, Galta Gate and Transport Nagar junction.Similarly, the tourist buses will be plying from City Palace, Jantar Mantar and other spots in the Walled City to Jalebi Chowk, Bandarwal Gate, Subhash Chowk, Ramgarh Mod and Amber. From Amber, they will be diverted Dhobi Ghat, Galta Gate and Transport Nagar junction.The one-way has been imposed from 8 am to 10 pm between January 7 and January 10 on MI Road and Ashoka Marg.During the dinner for delegates at City Palace (January 7), Sisodia Rani Garden (January 8) and Hotel Jaimahal Palace (January 9), traffic will be diverted in these areas accordingly.\"Mini-buses and city buses plying in the Walled City area will be diverted to other routes if traffic pressure is reported,\" Mahajan said.Six layers of security for VVIPsThe Jaipur police has planned six-layered security for the VVIPs who will arrive in the city from Saturday to participate in the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas.The police carried out security mock drills from the Jaipur International Airport to Birla Auditorium on Friday evening.More than 1,200 policemen of various units would be deployed for the upcoming Pravasi Bharatiya Divas meeting.Additional director general of police Navdeep Singh told media persons on Thursday that 80 commandos, five superintendents of police, 12 DySPs and six companies of RAC would be deployed. \"There would be many traffic diversions for convenience of the visiting delegates and people during the PBD,\" Singh said.He added that proper security arrangements would be made near metro sites, airport, bus stands and railway station in order to ensure smooth traffic in and around the city.Meanwhile, SPG officials along with the senior officers of Jaipur police visited various sites to monitor the security arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395647", "title": "Gujrat, Rajasthan booths outshine others", "text": "JAIPUR: The stalls put up at Birla Auditorium by seven states to promote themselves as preferred investment destination during the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD) have a charm of their own, but Gujarat and Rajasthan stalls have outshone others.A huge cut-out of Gujarat's chief minister, Narendra Modi with words \"Gujarat strategy of inclusive growth is beyond the barriers of time...\" has been placed at the entrance. The art of marketing is evident in the booth's design that has been given a modern look.Rajasthan, being the host state has a separate booth outside the state pavilion. With huge photos of forts and various fairs inside, the stall is attracting a lot of attention. The three-dimensional conceptual designs exhibiting the heritage and modern infrastructure in the state are also a major attraction. It also has cut-outs promoting the Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor, Mangala oil refinery and the ongoing infrastructure projects in the state.Kerala has showcased its tourism industry with the booth designed like a traditional house, while Haryana with the tagline, \"Marching ahead: new goals and new triumphs\" promotes the growth of the state in all spheres. The other states that have their stalls at the venue are Bihar, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394427", "title": "Website blocked, cartoonist moves content to another host", "text": "NEW DELHI: When cartoonist Aseem Trivedi's friends told him that his website could not be accessed anymore, he initially brushed it off as a connection issue. The 24-year-old Kanpur-based professional cartoonist was busy exhibiting his political cartoons in the anti-corruption protest at the MMRDA grounds in Mumbai.If the move intended to block access to his cartoons, it has proved futile. Trivedi has moved his content to Blogger, a free blog hosting website from internet giant Google, whose data centres is mostly located in the US.Trivedi's cartoons comment on bureaucratic processes in general and political personalities in particular, with a special focus on a senior Congress politician. One of the cartoons depicts parliament as a commode; another labels a bloodthirsty \"Netasaur\" hunting a man as the national animal. Yet another cartoon shows two men wondering whether a mountain peak, helpfully labelled \"corruption\", would be taller than the Everest.Now the cartoonist is planning to file an RTI. \"I'm an artist. We're supposed to have liberty. This move is tyrannical,\" says Trivedi, who has been working as a freelance cartoonist for several Hindi newspapers in the Lucknow and Kanpur area.He is aware that a Mumbai-based lawyer had filed a complaint, acting on which, Big Rock suspended his website. The suspension of his website has already received international attention, with the Wall Street Journal carrying a blog on it earlier this week.\"We received a complaint from the Mumbai Crime Branch and acted on it after evaluating the website according to our own 'acceptable use policy'. We found the material on it to be lewd,\" Shashank Mehrotra, general manager, BigRock.com told TOI on phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11394452", "title": "UPCL: Pejawar seer to go on fast", "text": "MANGALORE: Pejawar mutt seer Vishwesha Teertha will go on three-day fast at a temple in Padubidri from Monday, following removal of two experts from the panel appointed to study the impact of the Udupi Thermal Power Plant ( UPCL) on the environment.The state government removed YB Ramakrishna and TB Ramachandra from the committee recently. \"This move is an insult to me, the experts and the villagers,'' said the seer. The seer told TOI that the CM had said the orders for removal of experts were passed at the behest of Udupi district minister VS Acharya. \"As the the minister's explanation on this matter was not satisfactory, I will go on hunger strike against this decision,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399314", "title": "Carnival selected at 41st International Film Festt Rotterdam", "text": "It's carnival time for Madhuja Mukherjee. The first feature film of Jadavpur University's head of the department of film studies titled \"Carnival\" has been selected for its world premiere at the 41st International Film Festival Rotterdam in the Bright Future category.The experimental film sans dialogues has been shot and edited by Avik Mukhopadhyay and has Dhritiman Chaterji, Shayan Munshi and Dibyendu Bhattacharya in the cast. The music and the sound design for the movie have been done by Prabuddha Banerjee.Ask Madhuja about the film and she says, \"I teach by profession and am also involved in filmmaking. I have worked within the industry set-up and in alternative and international projects. I've often felt that the pleasure and leisure associated with Kolkata and Durga Pujas are not accessible to women in the same way as they are accessible to men. Durga Pujas, for me, have been associated with extreme joy and violence. In 2010, I spent the Durga Pujas in Kolkata and wanted to make a film on these two extremes. \"Carnival\" is this story of this young man who returns to the city during the Pujas after the death of his mother. He feels edgy by the odd juxtaposition of the numbness of his father and the extreme joy that the city is engulfed in.\"The film will be screened in Rotterdam on January 31. \"Since this was indeed an independent-home production of sorts, we experimented in every possible way. In terms of production costs (all of us worked for free), in terms of the mise-en-scene (no sets, no make up, no lights), and, later, in terms of the edit style (editing multiple versions and using after-effects) and sound design (mostly found sounds), we pushed the envelop. The kind of faith Dhritiman-da, Shayan, Dibyendu and Prabuddha had on alternative cinema is overwhelming. We used Avik's own set-up. Prabuddha did the music at his own place. Avik, Prabuddha and I are going to Rotterdam to attend the screening too,\" Madhuja signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394270", "title": "Air India changed plane to pamper Praful\u2019s kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: National carrier Air India on Friday admitted that it has changed aircraft for former civil aviation minister Praful Patel's daughter and her in-laws to ensure that the family traveled business class to Maldives. The airline, told the Central Information Commission, that the change to a larger aircraft was made for purely ``commercial reasons''.The response came on an RTI application filed by activist Subhash Agrawal. Agrawal had sought to know whether it was true that Air India has deployed a larger aircraft Airbus A-320 than the one scheduled (Airbus A-319) on April 25, 2010, for the Bangalore-Male flight IC-965 and on April 28 for the Male-Bangalore IC-966.There were media reports that in April, 2010, Air India deployed a larger aircraft than the scheduled one to ensure that Patel's daughter Avni, her husband Prashant and her in-laws could all fly business class to Male and back.Responding to the queries, Air India PIO admitted that the aircraft has been changed but that it ``is done at times based on commercial requirements depending on the booked load/demand and also due to operational/engineering requirements'.'However, the airlines said it did not have any file notings or documents on the decision. Air India officials said that the ``decision was taken by the central coordination cell and the decision intimated telephonically to the concerned personnel.''The Commission has also asked to disclose in ``public interest'' the list of the business class passengers on the two flights. AI had denied this information citing invasion of privacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11396632", "title": "CM on 24X7 online darbar", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda will probably be the first chief minister in the country who will be available on a 24X7 janata darbar. In other words, wherever he is, be it in office or home, he will take calls of people and look for ways to solve problems.An innovative and people-friendly website, aapkacm.com, was launched by Munda on Friday, inviting people's participation for better governance and grievance redressal. Those who are not net-savvy can dial his number and interact with him.Monitoring panels have been set up at the CM's residence and secretariat. There are facilities for multipoint confernce also, which will enable the CM to intervene if he feels any of his officers is not sincerely treating a complaint.It may be recalled, last year, just after taking office, Munda had dedicated one of the telephone and fax numbers of his residence to the people through which they could approach him with their complaints. But sources in the CM's secretariat said they received very few letters and calls.\"Probably, most of the callers failed to connect as these numbers remained busy most of the time. Now, there is a helpline with a dedicated workforce and multiple lines. So callers will not have to wait long. Those who are net-friendly will use the website and those who are not will call,\" said an officer of the CM's secretariat.\"I know that everyone does not have access to computers and may not know how to write a letter. But they can use the telephone. I have linked the new website to a call centre and the moment an individual calls (0651-3059999) it will be registered to the main server. No one can tamper with the record or make changes,\" said Munda.The website has also been linked to Facebook and Twitter. \"The young generation can share its ideas and views with me directly. I will try my best to be in touch with everyone and upgrade the system according to their feedback ,\" said Munda.The website also has Jharkhand Grievance Management System (JGMS) which can be used to get problems redressed at the highest level.To begin with, two departments, food and civil supplies and agriculture, have been linked with the website. In case someone has a problem getting foodgrains or any other commodity, he can directly talk with the CM.\"In case, I am busy and cannot take the call, I will talk later because every night at 8 pm we will monitor the day's work,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11395315", "title": "2010: GU HoD sacked for sexual harassment of students", "text": "PANAJI: Once head of Goa University's political science department, Aureliano Fernandes was dismissed from service on April 8, 2010. He was found guilty of sexually harassing students.The decision taken by the university's executive council ended the long saga that unfolded early 2009 after several MA (political science) students alleged sexual harassment by Fernandes.Parents of some of the students also raised doubts about the fairness of the examination and evaluation process if Fernandes conducted the same. The department head was made to go on compulsory leave during the investigation period.On June 13, 2009 he was placed under suspension. He'd been found guilty of sexual harassment by the university's 10-member standing committee for prevention of sexual harassment of women at the work place. He remained under suspension till his dismissal from service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11393665", "title": "200 flights delayed 5 times in December", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 200 flights at Mumbai airport arrived late once in at least five times in the month of December. According to data released by Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd ( MIAL ), 206 flights landed late more than 20% of the time they came to Mumbai. A total of 158 departing flights were delayed on more than 20% of occasions in the same month.The data shows that Jet Airways had the most number of arrival delays followed by Air India (AI). A total of 60 Jet Airways flights and 49 AI flights repeatedly landed late. Kingfisher was third when it come to arrival delays. Most number of AI flights had delayed departures more than 20% of the time they operated from Mumbai airport. AI was followed by Jet Airways (38) and Kingfisher (23). \"Many of these flights were late on all the days they operated from the city. Some were delayed 50-70% of the time,'' an airport official said.The data shows that Indigo flights were delayed most compared to other low-cost-carriers. Nineteen Indigo flights arriving in Mumbai were delayed more than once in five times. Officials said that while delays were rampant across airlines, full-service carriers have more delays due to the number of flights they operate.\"AI, Kingfisher and Jet airways operate more number of flights compared to other carriers. Hence, the relative number of delays will be higher there. However, despite repeated warnings from the ministry of civil aviation, airlines have not been able to curb the delays,'' a senior airport official said.Airport officials said that the delays in December are more than November. \"This month, 20-25 more flights have made it to the delayed flights list. But, this is because airlines introduced more flights in addition to the existing ones to cater to the travel rush,'' an airport official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396743", "title": "\u2018Increase fines, train cops, educate people\u2019", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Citizens driving on Ashram Road were in for a surprise on Friday. Those who broke the traffic rules were taken to a nearby traffic booth and were handed over a questionnaire. The offenders were told that if they managed to get more than 80 per cent, they would not fined! The unique initiative by the city traffic police was aimed at creating awareness during the Road Safety Week. Siddharth Khatri, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), told TOI that the questionnaire had questions related to identifying traf fic signs, road etiquettes and safety rules.\"More than 200 persons were apprehended during the drive. Those who successfully answered up to or more than 80 per cent of the questions asked were rewarded with a soft drink. The 'offenders' also went away happily and promised to drive safely,\" said Khatri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11396734", "title": "\u2018RP 2021 public hearings violate code of conduct\u2019", "text": "PANAJI: The Pilerne Citizens Forum on Friday complained to the Election Commission of India asking it to stop the state government's \"public hearings\" on the Regional Plan 2021 on the grounds that it violated the model code of conduct.PCF president Prakash Bandodkar told mediapersons that the hearings by the town and country planning department are being conducted to give false assurances to people that the government will address their grievances about the RP2021. This is in view of the upcoming assembly elections and just an \"attempt to fool the people\", Bandodkar said.PCF spokesperson Yatish Naik said that the hearings amount to misuse of government machinery to give false promises to the people in view of the elections and therefore is a violation of the model code of conduct. \"The hearings conducted so far should be declared null and void. Also, no new permissions given should while the code of conduct is in force,\" Naik said.In part, the PCF complaint reads, \"It is even more shocking that while on one hand the government is busy conducting the said hearings (though the intention of the government remains suspect and it appears that the government strategy is only to hoodwink the people), the department of town and country planning and other government departments are busy granting permissions and licences based on the said notified regional plan 2021, which according to the government admissions itself deserve rectification and corrections.\"The complaint also stated that the public hearings are \"wholly intended to influence the electorate and misguide them at this juncture by abusing the government machinery\". The PCF has urged the ECI to stop the hearings till a new elected government comes into power and also that no permissions be granted till the election process is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395878", "title": "Bad highway: MP High Court summons NHAI chief", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh High Court has asked the Chairman of National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to appear before it on February 6, following a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) alleging that a National Highway was in a bad shape.A division bench of High Court in Jbalpore, comprising Justices Ajeet Singh and Sanjay Yadav, summoned the NHAI chairman to the court next month after it was told the road between Jabalpur- Katni district was in a pathetic state.The court observed it appeared that subordinate officers had not appraised their higher ups realities about the condition of the Jabalpur- Katni highway.The petitioner Prakash Pandey had moved the PIL alleging that the condition of the highway was in a terrible state and could pose danger to users.The condition of NH roads, passing through Madhya Pradesh, has been a political issue with the ruling BJP government in the state writing to the centre demanding the de-notification of these roads, so that the state government could repair those.However, the opposition Congress has been alleging that it was a political ploy by the BJP to hide its government's failure to ensure a proper upkeep of the equally pathetic state roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11400838", "title": "Over 500 prisoners observe fast on dam issue", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 500 prisoners lodged in the central prison here today boycotted their breakfast and lunch, to protest against the Kerala Government's stance on Mullaperiyar Dam issue.As a section of prisoners decided to boycott breakfast, more prisoners and undertrials joined them by expressing solidarity and sought to protect the rights of Tamil Nadu over the dam and continued the boycott of lunch also.Though the officials tried to persuade the prisoners to not to boycott the food, they were firm on their stand and informed that they will take only dinner, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "raiganj", "code": "11396568", "title": "TMC duo held for campus violence, Cong heat on ally", "text": "RAIGANJ: A crackdown on student activists involved in campus violence, traffic-choking protests during rush hour and the resignation of the college principal who was dragged by the collar and thrashed kept the state's political circle simmering on Friday, with the Congress-Trinamool Congress feud finding a new ground zero - Raiganj.With members of Chhatra Parishad, Congress's students' wing, hitting the streets against campus violence, Shakeel Ahmed, the party's general secretary in charge of West Bengal, will arrive in Raiganj on Saturday to give a boost to the statewide protests.On Friday, 11 people, including Youth Trinamool Congress vice-president Tushar Guha and Trinamool core committee member Tapan Nag were taken into custody for vandalizing Raiganj College and attacking its principal.They were later released on bail. But Raiganj police is yet to book some of the main accused in the college principal's FIR, such as party district working president Tilak Choudhury, who led \"outsiders\" into the college campus. \"The police is being partisan,\" said Congress MP Deepa Das Munshi.However, Trinamool Congress Chhatra Praishad doesn't appear to have learnt a lesson, with supporters locking a college principal in South Dinajpur in his chamber on Friday over a college election row.Raiganj College principal Dilp De Sarkar, who is recuperating in hospital, sent his resignation to the vice-chancellor of North Bengal University. \"I have never been so humiliated. So, I chose to put in my papers,\" he said.Education minister Bratya Basu rang up the VC and asked him to ensure that the college reopens shortly. \"I told him to see that studies are not affected at the college,\" Basu said. Accordingly, Basu Majumdar called a meeting on Saturday to restore order in the college and decide on the principal's resignation. Sources in the government said Sarkar's resignation may be accepted.\"I have never met with such humiliation in my career. I have thus chosen to put in my papers. I was asked to call the meeting of the advisory committee that will decide on my resignation,\" the principal said, a day after vandals assaulted him on his way out of his college chamber and ransacked his office.Unabashed with the ugly show of muscle power Trinamool leader Tilak Chowdhury kept on insisting that Congress supporters, and not the Trinamool, are among the culprits. \"None of the arrested belongs to the Trinamool Congress. They are Congress backed goons close to MP Deepa Dasmunshi,\" Chowdhury said. And this at a time when the FIR lodged by the college principal and teachers on Thursday night names Chowdhury and a local Trinamool councillor among those who led the attack.\"Everyone saw on television what happened yesterday. The college principal was roughed up and government property worth lakhs of rupees was ransacked. Yet the accused were granted bail in the court. How can these offences be bailable? Police are taking a partisan role,\" the Congress MP said.Taking a dig at chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who is also in charge of the home department, Das Munshi said: \"The home minister can't deny her responsibility in police inaction. The police also took a passive role during the college violence. There is no student among the arrested which proves that outsiders were brought to the college campus as part of a plan,\" the Congress MP said.While student organisations of various shades went on a protest mode across the state on Friday over the Raiganj violence, Trinamool Chhatra Praishad mobbed a college principal yet again at Gangarampore in South Dinajpur, demanding publication of voters' list for students' union election. They demanded the list of the students with their detailed address. When teacher in charge T Aman said the list was not yet ready, the TMCP supporters locked the principal's chamber for three hours, till Trinamool leader Biplab Mitra intervened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395278", "title": "CBI: Koneru son ignoring our notices", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI team probing the Emaar scam is tracking the trail of scam money that allegedly travelled from Hyderabad to various destinations, including Delhi and Dubai.CBI said it had found out that several owners of villas in the Emaar township project at Manikonda paid only a pittance officially while funneling crores of rupees into the Dubai bank accounts of Koneru Madhu, the son of Koneru Rajendra Prasad, the prime accused in the case. The probe agency sent notices under section 160 of CrPC to Madhu asking him to explain how huge amounts of money found their way into his accounts.\"When we failed to get any response from him to our notices, we sent him a detailed questionnaire through an e mail. As the reply was not clear, we sent him another e mail on December 16 and are waiting for his reply\", S C Jiani, the chief investigating officer of the scam told the CBI court through a counter affidavit filed while opposing the bail plea of Koneru Rajendra Prasad. The bail plea is coming up for hearing on January 9.Koneru Prasad is the key man that represented the Emaar PJSC of Dubai and its unofficial entities like Stylish Homes and Emaar-MGF Land Ltd which were brought into picture without informing the state government, APIIC or the joint venture firm, Emaar Township Hills Pvt Ltd (EHTPL), the CBI official said in the counter.Prasad represented both the township project, Boulder Hills, and also the main Emaar of Dubai and dealt with more than 500 acres of public property and hence falls under the definition of a public servant, the CBI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395824", "title": "Drug addict kills again, arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: In a second murder by a 19-year-old drug addict, a man was allegedly stabbed to death to rob him of cash and mobile phone near Ajmer Flyover late on Thursday. The youth was attempting to rob the man to get money for buying drugs. Police arrested the accused on Friday.According to the police, Arif, a resident of Hasanpura area of the city, had been arrested for murder in 2010 too. Arif had allegedly stabbed to death his employer to rob him of his money to buy drugs. He was facing trial in the case and was recently released on bail.On Thursday night, one Jintendra Kumar, who lived in a rented accommodation in Sodala's Shiv Colony, was allegedly stabbed by Arif. He robbed Jitendra of his mobile phone. Jitendra was a barber and hailed from Bihar.Jitendra was rushed to SMS Hospital where he succumbed to his injuries, police said. \"His brother Chingu Thakur lodged an FIR with the police against unidentified people for the crime,\" commissioner of police B L Soni said. He added that the police found some evidence against Arif and rounded him up.\"Further interrogation is going on. We are trying to recover the mobile phone which was robbed from Jitendra. He will be produced in a court on Saturday,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11395276", "title": "New party to hold meet at Margao", "text": "MARGAO: The newly registered political party, Goemcarancho Otrec Asro will hold a public meeting on January 14 at Lohia Maidan, Margao, at 3.30pm to garner public support.\"The party has already received nominations from candidates for assembly elections in the constituencies of Cuncolim, Margao, Fatorda, Curtorim, Benaulim, Nuvem,Velim, Navelim, Sanguem, Sanvordem and Quepem,\" said party president Jawahar L Dias while speaking to reporters on Friday.Sources confirmed that Dias would in all likelihood contest the assembly elections from Fatorda while the official list of candidates would be announced on January 17. Dias further reiterated his party's stand that all its candidates would be the choice of the people and would have a clean background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11395953", "title": "Bidve parents visit killing site; funeral in Pune today", "text": "LONDON: British PM David Cameron on Friday condemned 23-year-old Indian student Anuj Bidve's unprovoked murder on Boxing Day in Manchester as \"an absolutely horrific act'' and asked the police \"to do everything'' to ensure \"very tough punishment'' to his killer.Cameron said it is \"absolutely essential\" for the police \"to do everything they can to get to the bottom of what happened and make sure the person is rightly brought to justice\" . The prime minister said it is unacceptable to have this sort of crime in his country.He conveyed his condolences to the Bidve family. \"My message, on behalf of the whole country, is one of huge sympathy and understanding to them.\" Cameron said he would be happy to meet Bidve's parents, now visiting England. He could not but phoned Bidve's father, Subash.The Lancaster University graduate student was shot in the head on December 26.Bidve's parents would fly back to India with his body on Friday night and arrive in Mumbai . They indicated that his funeral will take place in their home city Pune on Saturday.Subhash Bidve, emphasized that the family did not blame the people of Salford (Manchester ) for their son's death.\"The only person we blame is the person who was responsible for taking Anuj away from us in this senseless act of violence...\" He said his son was full of hope and ambition when he left India. \"We were all so very proud of him. Anuj was our only son and we can't comprehend this tragedy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11394645", "title": "Adi Ganga: HC seeks affidavits from state, KMC", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Friday directed the state government and Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) to file affidavits by January 20, outlining steps taken by them to maintain the Adi Ganga behind Kalighat temple.Following a status report on the Adi Ganga filed by the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) on the court's order, the divsion bench of Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice S Chakraborty issued the directive.On January 2, the bench had directed PCB to inspect the Adi Ganga and file a status report by Friday. In its report, PCB stated that the quality of water in the Adi Ganga is very poor. It is dark in colour and has an unpleasant smell, the report said.The PCB report recommended some issues. One of them is immediate dredging of silt deposited in the river bed and removal of solid waste to restore the flow of water. The report also recommended launching an awareness campaign among people of the area. Besides, the discharge of untreated sewage into the river should stop and police should be directed to keep a strict vigil, the report said. After considering the report, the bench directed the urban development secretary, KMDA, KMC and the Municipal Engineering Directorate to file affidavits stating steps taken to prevent pollution of the Adi Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11396144", "title": "Mushroom cultivation to stop fishing in Deepor beel", "text": "GUWAHATI: A Guwahati-based NGO, Eco Concept, has come forward to help the people living on the periphery of the Ramsar site Deepor beel (lake) by providing them an alternative source of income through mushroom cultivation.Since some of the local villagers had no proper source of income, they killed migratory birds and took to extensive fishing in the lake, which posed serious threats to the bio-diversity of the water body. The director of the NGO, Nilutpal Das believes that only by making the families self-sufficient can such threats to nature be stopped. The plans of this young entrepreneur are likely to change the fortune of the villagers on the periphery of the lake.\"The people of Keotpara village in the outskirts of the city take to community fishing in the lake on the first Sunday of January every year. Many people earn good amounts of money by selling the fish. I believe destruction of the Deepor Beel is not going to stop unless the people destroying the treasures of the lake for money become economically sound. Though the mushroom cultivation is in the initial stages, we are in regular contact with a company in the United States which procures mushroom from India,\" said Das.The mushroom cultivation centre at Pamohi has already been completed. While the centre already has 300 mushroom bags, the NGO is working on increasing the number to 700.\"My project cost of Rs 50,000 for the training centre will definitely bear fruit. The youths of the area are enquiring about the prospects of mushroom cultivation. Along with Uttam Teron, a popular face in Assam for imparting education to the underprivileged children, I am holding a meeting with the people around the Deepor. I am really thankful to Uttam da for providing me a suitable shed for the training centre. The centre has already provided employment to four youths,\" added Das.Raising concern over the dumping ground near the Deepor Beel, Das said it is important to empower the people and make the families self-sufficient to protect nature.For the benefit of the local communities, Eco Concept will also construct a shed next month where they will make traditional Assamese pithas (rice cakes) of different kinds, which would be marketed locally.\"We have promised to make arrangements to send the rice cakes to cities like Delhi and Kolkata in trade fairs where they will sell pithas with live demonstration of dheki (used for grinding rice),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11394404", "title": "Yakshi is mascot for National Youth Fest", "text": "BANGALORE: Yakshi is the mascot for the 17th National Youth Festival 2012 being held from January 12 to 16 in Mangalore.Yakshi is an elephant, the heritage animal of India. It adorns the traditional Mangalorean Yakshagana headgear. Why elephant? It is close to nature, strong, unstoppable, yet is socially connected with humanity and environment, a symbol portraying youth.The logo, which is in the shape of the peacock feather and national tri-colour, symbolizes youth from different backgrounds, cultures and traditions coming together to celebrate India's rich cultural heritage. The theme of the festival is 'celebrating diversity in unity.'Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda unveiled the logo and the mascot at a programme in Bangalore on Friday. He was all praise for them. \"It is meaningful and beautiful,'' he exclaimed, besides inviting people from Bangalore to apply leave and participate in the youth festival being organized on his home-turf.\"The logo and the mascot represents both Karnataka and youthfulness,'' Vinod Kumar K, creative director of Kreaytive Studios, the designers of the logo and mascot.The festival is set to draw as many as 6,000 participants, besides delegates from Asean and Saarc countries. The state government has sanctioned Rs 10 crore and the Centre Rs 2 crore for the festival.Folk dance, folk song, one-act play (English or Hindi), classical vocal solo (Hindustani and carnatic); elocution; harmonium; classical instrumental solo; instrumental-guitar; and classical dance will be in the competitive events. The non-competitive events young artist camp, yuva kriti, adventure camp, non-competitive cultural events and food festival.The government of India has been celebrating January 12, the birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, as National Youth Day and the week commencing from that day as the National Youth Week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11396682", "title": "No extension for VCs unless chosen by panel", "text": "KOLKATA: Vice-chancellors of state universities appointed during Left Front rule will not be given extensions when their tenures end. The only exception to this rule will be Calcutta University (CU) VC Suranjan Das as the new state government is content with his work.When a VC's term ends, eminent academics will be chosen by the chancellor, Governor M K Narayanan, to run the university till a search committee is set up to select the next VC.Sources said that during Thursday's meeting between education minister Bratya Basu and Narayanan, discussions were held about Das as his term ends on May 1. \"The minister as well as the chancellor expressed a desire to allow him an extension since they were content with his work,\" the source said.\"The governor's decision came after several VCs expressed a desire against continuing in office with uncertainty looming large during the extension period. No major decisions can be taken and administrative work in the university is hampered. Many VCs who were given an extension are now interested in returning to academics to continue their research work. Thus, considering all factors, the governor had suggested to the education minister and higher education secretary Satish Tewary that no longer should VCs be given extensions if they are not reappointed by the search committee for another full term,\" said a source.Since the Trinamool Congress has come to power, several VCs have been given an extension following the governor's embargo on all appointments in universities till the bill for amending university statutes was passed in the assembly and took effect. Now, no more will any VC appointed during Left Front rule be given an extension on completion of term.Terms of at least five VCs end over the next six months, including Suranjan Das of CU, Pradip Narayan Ghosh of Jadavpur University (JU), Karuna Sindhu Das of Rabindra Bharati University, Arunava Das Mazumdar of North Bengal University (NBU) and Sabyasachi Sengupta of West Bengal University of Technology (WBUT).\"I was not prepared for the six-month extension I got when my four-year term expired on October 14. Once my extension gets over on April 14, I will rush abroad. I desperately want to return to research,\" said Pradip Narayan Ghosh.Sabyasachi Sengupta lashed out at the government when asked if he was expecting an extension after his term ends on June 8. \"The Left Front never interfered in the functioning of the university since I was appointed. The current system is not working for me. I object to working under the newly-framed University Amendment Bill under which VCs have been reduced to puppets,\" Sengupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11396410", "title": "New, deadlier form of TB hits India", "text": "MUMBAI: Tuberculosis, which kills around 1,000 people a day in India, has acquired a deadlier edge. A new entity-ominously called Totally Drug-Resistant TB (TDR-TB )-has been isolated in the fluid samples of 12 TB patients in the past three months alone at Hinduja Hospital at Mahim . The hospital's laboratory has been certified by the World Health Organization (WHO) to test TB patients for drug resistance.While Iran first reported TDRTB cases three years ago, India seems to be only the second country to report this deadly form of the disease. TDR-TB is the result of the latest mutation of the bacilli after Multi-Drug-Resistant TB (MDR-TB ) and Extremely Drug-Resistant TB (XDR-TB ) were diagnozed earlier.Even more worryingly for Mumbai, 10 of the 12 TDR-TB cases are from the city, while the other two are patients from Ratnagiri and UP. One of the 12 patients has since died. India sees around 3- 4 lakh deaths for all forms of TB each year, while the world saw 1.7 million deaths in 2009.As the full form of TDR-TB suggests, none of the known TB combination drugs work on the patient. All 12 showed resistance to 12 drugs. \"The TB bacilli have obviously mutated. The emergence of TDR-TB has grave implications for public health,\" said Hinduja Hospital's Dr Zarir Udwadia, whose observations have been published in the latest issue of the US-based Clinical Infectious Diseases (CID) peer review journal. His team started isolating TDR-TB cases among patients with pulmonary TB in October 2011.Dr Amita Athawale, who heads KEM Hospital's chest department, said TDR-TB was a reality in India. \"The cases we clinically isolate are just the tip of the iceberg,\" she said. TB is one of the biggest killers in India, along with heart attack.Among tuberculosis patients, drug resistance develops mainly because patients fail to complete the 6- to 9-month first treatment phase. \"They feel better within a couple of months of taking the drugs and so they stop taking them. However, the TB germs in the body are not completely vanquished and they again multiply,\" said a senior BMC public health official.VIRULENT STRAIN IN THE AIR* Tuberculosis is one of the most fatal diseases in Mumbai, accounting for nearly 15% (8,953) of the deaths in 2010* Left untreated, each person with active TB can infect 10 to 15 people a year TB is a contagious disease. Like the common cold , it spreads through the air Patients resistant to all first-line and second-line drugs are classified as having Totally Drug-Resistant TB (TDR-TB )* An estimated 1.7 million people died from TB worldwide in 2009* About 3 lakh to 4 lakh die of TB each year in India It is believed that more than half the city's TB patients seek treatment in the private sector'Deadlier strain arose due to health system's failure'From the emergence of Multi-Drug-Resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB ) in 1992 to the arrival of Extremely Drug-Resistant TB (XDR-TB ) a few years ago, the TB bacilli have now reached a totally resistant form. The new, deadlier form is Totally Drug-Resistant TB (TDR-TB ). \"A hundred years ago, TB patients were sent to the sanatorium for treatment. With the emergence of these various drug-resistant strains, we have come full circle to the idea for sanatoria. We have little to offer these patients except for drastic surgery and medication for some relief,'' said Dr Zarir Udwadia, of Hinduja Hospital , Mahim. His team's observations have been published in the latest issue of the USbased Clinical Infectious Diseases (CID) peer review journal.Udwadia says the emergence of TDR-TB is the failure of the overall health system. \"The public sector only provides second-line drugs to 1% of the patients who have drug-resistant TB. The private sector has many doctors who badly manage patients. These factors have obviously worsened drug resistance.\" An earlier study by the group showed that barely 5 of 106 doctors in Dharavi prescribed the right drugs for drug-resistant patients.The CID report, written by Udwadia , Rohit Amale and Camilla Rodrigues of Hinduja Hospital says, \"A careful audit of their (patients) prescriptions revealed that these patients had received erratic, unsupervised second-line drugs, added individually and often in incorrect doses, from multiple private practitioners.\"TDR-TB was reported three years ago in Teheran , the Iranian capital, when 15 patients were found to have bacilli resistant to all first- and second-line drugs. A worrisome aspect of the Hinduja Hospital findings is that the average age of the 12 patients - six men and six women - is just 32.3 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401946", "title": "Tabu and Isha in Vikram's next?", "text": "While Kollywood star Vikram is gearing up for his second outing in Bollywood, the director of the film, Bejoy Nambiar, is busy roping the lead actresses for the film.The film titled David has Bejoy Nambiar, a former assistant of director Mani Ratnam wielding the megaphone. Nambiar had earlier directed the critically-acclaimed Shaitan. The latest buzz in the industry is that Bejoy has roped in Tabu and Isha as the lead heroines. The story revolves around an underworld don in Mumbai and Isha is likely to play the romantic interest of Vikram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11395794", "title": "US tiff may pinch hard: Pak finance minister", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's deteriorating ties with US could lead to Islamabad's international economic isolation, finance minister Abdul Hafeez Sheikh warned on Friday.Sheikh told a parliamentary committee reviewing bilateral terms with US that Washington might use its influence over international financial institutions to hurt the country's economic interests .\"It is not about American aid but its clout overthe IMF , World Bank and other financial institutions that can pose a real challenge for us,\" he said. \"Any decision should be taken while keeping in mind security, prosperity of the country and economic diplomacy.\"\"A single incident must not determine our relations with the US,\" he said referring to Islamabad's move after the Nato strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394746", "title": "Parties find ways to win votes and influence people", "text": "MUMBAI: When it comes to polls, political parties find ways to circumvent bans and influence voters. It isn't rocket science for parties to find loopholes in the election code of conduct. While the state election commission (SEC) prevents candidates from campaigning after February 14, with rules dictating no publicity through text messages or electronic media, there is no way to monitor that. In an election season where the virtual battle is likely to reach a high pitch, political experts suggest that last-minute influencing of voters is likely.The SEC is confident that this isn't a loophole in the election code of conduct though there are limitations in monitoring the virtual space. In a charged atmosphere , the SEC is upbeat that no political parties would be in a position to violate this section of the code. For the time-being, the election body will rely on individual complaints and take stringent action if objectionable material is circulated on the virtual space or through text messages.Additional chief secretary, state election commission, Chand Goel said, \"It is not possible to monitor the virtual space. However, people are free to file complaints if they find objection-able material that is being circulated by any political party. Action will be taken if any code violations are reported.\"Technology expert Vijay Mukhi suggests that the SEC should change the way it thinks. \"It is time we admit that technology forces us to change laws. Undoubtedly, it is difficult to monitor activities in the virtual space but it isn't impossible. \"But analysts said an individual could send text messages in the name of a rival and get away with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395533", "title": "JDU calls for CBI probe", "text": "BHOPAL: In a move that may embarrass the BJP, the state unit of NDA constituent Janata Dal (United) has slammed the BJP-ruled government for its bid to cover up the murky drug trials. The BJP ally demanded that cases be handed over to CBI.\"It's unfortunate that the BJP government is trying to pass the buck on the centre by citing legal technicalities as the reason. Those in power are trying to save those guilty of indulging in most inhuman act of administering drugs on patients, including mentally challenged without their consent\", state JDU chief Govind Yadav told TOI.Hitting out at medical education minister Mahendra Hardia for his statement wherein he said it was the responsibility of the Centre to deal with clinical drug trials, Yadav said \"If it is so, the state government should not hesitate to make an announcement regarding handing over the cases to the CBI\". He said the state government should have slapped criminal cases on all those responsible for carrying out such illegal drug trials on poor people.The Congress has reiterated the demand for a CBI probe into the drug trials describing it as \"irresponsible\" the BJP government's statement expressing its inability to initiate action against those responsible for conducting illegal drug trials by flouting all norms.\"Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan must break his silence and explain to the people of the state why his government was hesitating to take action,\" leader of the opposition in the assembly Ajay Singh said in a statement.\"The chief minister portrays himself as a sensitive leader but he is surprisingly silent on drug trials conducted on mentally ill, children and poor patients at the behest of multi-national drug manufacturers,\" he said, adding that the state cannot shirk its responsibility saying it has no powers to take action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394348", "title": "Secret cavities are new hideouts for bar girls", "text": "MUMBAI: The trend of hiding bar girls in \"a cavity inside a cavity\" built in bars, are proving a headache for police teams raiding such places that often illegally double as dance bars and prostitution dens.More and more beer bar owners indulging in late night dance bars and prostitution rackets are hiding the girls in the false cavities.Assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble and his team raided the bar on Sahar Road after they learnt that the owners were illegally running a dance bar as well as a prostitution racket at the place.Two managers and three employees of the bar, Rohit Shetty , Srikant Patil, Raju Deshmukh, Uday Shetty and Mohan Gowda, have been arrested under the provisions of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act ( PITA) and remanded in police custody. The eight bar girls were sent to a shelter in Chembur for rehabilitation, said Dhoble.Explaining how they chanced upon the hiding place, the ACP said, \"Initially, we could not find any girl inside the bar and I was surprised as my source seemed to be very confident when giving me the tip-off about the prostitution racket.\" Not ready to give up, Dhoble started examining the walls and went inside the kitchen. There, he found a small door leading to a cavity. \"The door was so small that it was difficult to pass through it,\" he said. As Dhoble and his team squeezed inside the narrow passage, they stumbled upon a staffer \"pretending to be sleeping there\". However, the employee reportedly refused to answer any question.Inside the narrow passage, Dhoble noticed another 2X2 sq-ft door on the wall. \"It was difficult to break the door, which was locked from inside. As the entrance was very narrow, all I could do was insert my mobile and take a picture. In the image, I saw several girls, huddled inside, trying to hide their faces. Later, the girls were brought out of there,\" he said.In the past several bars have been found hiding bars girls inside false cavities. Last year the social service branch (SSB) had written to the BMC as well as the local police, asking them to search the beer bars in their respective areas and keep a record of the layout plan ready in case of emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395450", "title": "Hyderabadis in Pakistan still carry mohajir tag: Karen Leonard", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabadi diaspora is either forced to shed its Hyderabadi tag due to powerful geopolitical forces or for others, it remains deeply rooted in their culture.Professor of Anthropology at the University of California , Karen Leonard observes that Hyderabadis who moved to Pakistan at the time of the Partition still carry with them the 'mohajir' label, struggling to find acceptance. They have now started moving to western countries in search of a better future.With the creation of Urdu societies in North America , Europe and the Middle East, Hyderabadis are making efforts to go back to their roots. While some are making efforts to cling to their culture, others are intermarrying and mixing with people of different races. Visiting the city after three years to attend a conference, Leonard describes the Deccani synthesis as a model for tolerant society.Speaking to TOI on Friday Leonard, however, notes that she has seen a decline in communal harmony in the city. She is also worried about the Telangana movement. \"While young Hyderabadis are busy creating a new mixed culture_ creating their own kind of plural society_ the people from Andhra have not recognised the legitimacy of the Nizam's state and culture and are not proud of its Indo-Muslim architecture,\" she observes.She says that the populace still thinks that the previous rulers were Islamic when they were actually tolerant. The term Indo-Muslim, she explains, does not emphasize on a religious culture, but on a civilization instead.Leonard's association with India goes back to 1961 when the she was a student in Miranda House in Delhi. Little did she know that she would be enamoured by the composite Indo-Muslim art, culture and architecture of India. It was her contact with this multilayered, multifaceted pluralistic society which urged her to understand it better by deciding to become a historian of the Mughal era.However, there was one hurdle: the hundreds of documents chronicling the Mughal era were either in Farsi or Urdu so she started learning the languages. Her first encounter with the city of the Nizams was when she had stopped for the night at a sarai in Nampally on her way from Delhi to Chennai. She returned five years later to complete her dissertation on the Kayasths of Hyderabad. \"The number of documents in the Nizam State Archives was more than that in Delhi,\" she says. \"They were more recent and interesting. That's why I chose to study the Deccan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394234", "title": "CNG dealers withdraw strike", "text": "MUMBAI: CNG dealers withdrew their strike call for Saturday after oil marketing companies hiked commission rates by 55%. Ravi Shinde of the Petrol Dealers Association said, \"We are happy that the issue has been settled amicably, and resolved without inconveniencing the public.\" He said the oil industry has now agreed to revise the commission charges to Rs 1.35 per kg from 87 paise per kg.\"We had a detailed discussion with the senior executives of the oil industry and informed that as per the policy laid down by petroleum ministry in 1992, we deserved a high share in commission rates. The OMCs initially asked us to accept a low rate of Rs 1.16 per kg, but we agreed to settle for Rs 1.40 per kg. During our negotiations, this amount was finalised at Rs 1.35 per kg and we withdrew our strike call,'' he stated.The CNG dealers had threatened to shut down all the 122 pumps in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai, and had this happened, the public transport in the metropolitan region would have been crippled. In Mumbai alone, more than one lakh autos, 45,000 taxis, 3,500 Cool Cabs, 2,800 fleetcabs and private buses run on CNG.Officials from Mahanagar Gas Limited (MGL) said they had no role to play in negotiations. Said a MGL source, \"The MGL has already given a commission of Rs 2.42 paise to the OMCs. The onus is on the latter to revise the commission charges for the CNG dealers. We are glad that the issue has been resolved amicably and citizens will not have to face any hardships.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399192", "title": "I'm ready to shoot: Rajinikanth", "text": "Superstar Rajinikanth reveals to CT that he will commence work on Kochadaiyaan next month.Whoever said that the world is ending this year is terribly off the mark. For, Rajinikanth is completely fit and fine! OK, this isn't one of those jokes doing the rounds in the Internet. We have the news right from the horse's mouth.In perhaps his first interaction with city mediapersons, the Superstar told CT, \"I'm doing well. I'll be starting shoot sometime next month.\" This comes a day after music composer A R Rahman announced that he's gearing up to score for the actor's next, which is titled Kochadaiyaan.On Thursday evening, Rajinikanth seemed to be taking a trip down memory lane even as he watched theatre personality Y Gee Mahendran enact the life and travails of a Tamil drama artist on stage in a play titled Naadagam. \"The play was excellent,\" said Rajinikanth, who appeared pensive when the scene on stage showcased the sad state of theatre in today's scenario. Interestingly, the Superstar is said to have started off acting in plays in the early stages of his career and has a deep love for the stage.Ever since he has recovered from his illness, the actor has made his presence felt in the city's social circuit. He made his first appearance post his return from Singapore at director S P Muthuraman's felicitation function. A day after that, the actor also attended P Vasu son Shakthi's wedding and then made appearances at Dushyant's wedding and at Maanu's dance performance.And well, the end of the world can wait. Rajinikanth is just getting back to work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401777", "title": "It's too early to call me a superstar: Jayasurya", "text": "Jayasurya is a happy man. His latest release Kunjaliyan is receiving good reviews from all quarters.And he is nothing but excited, \"I'm glad. Director Saji wanted to make a movie which will make the audience laugh and think at the same time. And that is how we did Kunjaliyan. The movie has a sarcastic tone and speaks about society's undulated love for money. But it is taken in a way that it will make people laugh. There is no vulgar or double meaning jokes. It is a movie one can watch with their entire family. I'm hoping that the audience will accept it.\"Jayasurya who reaped success in his last two outings, Cocktail and Beautiful, says it is too early to call him a superstar, \"I'm striving to perfect my acting skills. My head is too small to carry the superstar crown.\"The actor received critical acclaim for his role in Cocktail, and through VK Prakash's Beautiful he proved that he can do strong characters. Through Saji Surendran's Kunjaliyan he has underlined the fact that he is a bankable star. \"Humour has always been my area of expertise. There is a great comic timing in the movie. The entire crew was in splits while shooting the movie,\" he reveals.The actor is currently working in Avira Rebecca's Pigman. Anoop Menon-Jayasuriya team is also working towards a new project named Ardhanareeshwaran, which will deal with the life of transgenders in society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "las vegas", "code": "11398596", "title": "CES 2012: Gadgets to look for", "text": "LAS VEGAS: One of the biggest events in the technology world's annual cycle is set to kick off early next week in Las Vegas when 140,000 people and 2,700 exhibitors descend on the gambling mecca for the Consumer Electronics Show.The internet age and the globalization of the technology market has put a dent in the importance of such confabs, and many of the world's most prominent companies no longer regard their official attendance as essential.Apple Inc has long shunned the show, while even Consumer Electronics Show (CES) mainstay Microsoft Corp is pulling the plug after this year's extravaganza.Nevertheless the world's largest tech show still remains a great periscope for spotting the trends and gadgets that will make headlines, and holes in your bank accounts, in the coming year.The roster of attendees is the largest since 2007, and while they will be subjected to all the razzle, dazzle and hype that marketing departments can dream up, they are unlikely to witness any ground-shaking product innovations that will rock their world.That's because the show will be less about shiny new toys than the discreet software that's inside them, says Andrew Nusca, the editor of tech site ZDNet.com. 'Make no mistake, there will be newer, thinner, brighter televisions; higher-powered laptops and digital cameras. But that's not really where the action is,' he said.'The real action can be found around the interoperability of these products. The real innovation will only be seen when the device is turned on and used. It can't be touched, only experienced.'Microsoft will, as usual, hold the opening keynote speech, where chief executive Steve Ballmer will likely reveal more details about Windows 8 and his plans to claw back domination of the tech world from Apple, Facebook Inc and Google Inc.While Microsoft may never be sexy, it's still enormously influential, and is well poised to build on the advances it made with Windows 7 , Windows Phone and its Kinect interface for the Xbox, for instance with a line of tablet computers based on Windows 8.Watch out too for plenty of Android-powered tablets, including several hybrid models that are designed with detachable keyboards to entice users looking for the feel of tablets and the power of laptops.Ultrabooks, the superslim, long-running and powerful laptops inspired by the MacbookAir, will also be on prominent display as PC manufacturers Dell Inc, Hewlett-Packard Co, Samsung Electronics Co and Lenovo Group Ltd tell the world that Apple is not the only company capable of creating a computer to lust after.Much of the pre-conference hype has also focused on the drool-inducing new super-thin OLED TV by LG Electronics Inc. Its 1.4-metre screen is the largest ever to use organic light emitting diodes, or OLEDs, which use less energy, offer brighter colours and allow televisions to be made with almost no bezel, or frame.It's also only 4 millimetres thin, and weighs just 7.5 kilograms. Like any leading-edge technology it won't come cheap, with a price tag of 10,000 dollars expected for its launch this year.Another expected LG announcement about its new implementation of Google TV may be of more interest to television geeks. With Apple also hotly rumoured to be preparing for a relaunch of a new and vastly improved Apple TV , 2012 may yet prove to be the year when televisions get the brains to match their beauty.The same might be said for cars, which have become an increasingly important part of the show. Last year, Ford Motor Co chose CES to roll out its electric Ford Focus .This year Mercedes-Benz, owned by German carmaker Daimler AG, is to give a keynote presentation in which the luxury brand is expected to outline its plans to outfit its cars with the latest applications and telematics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395713", "title": "Vidarbha talent to be honoured at Sarathi awards ceremony", "text": "NAGPUR: Rebelling against the people propagating that Vidarbha is a region lacking talent, SARATHI (Small Industries, Artists, Rural Artisans, Talents and Handicraft Institutions) will felicitate illustrious persons from different fields in the region.SARATHI has being doing the same for the past 19 years and presents awards in three categories - sports, arts &amp; Culture and industry &amp; commerce.Apart from the above mentioned the organization also gives out a 'special achievement' award for having done commendable job in any filed.During the 20th ceremony of SARATHI scroll of honour, scheduled to be held at Kusumtai Wankhede Hall on Friday, at 6pm, eight people will be felicitated.Student of Somalwar High School Shweta Gole will be honoured as upcoming chess player. Mohammed Vali will be felicitated as promising lawn tennis player.In the field of arts &amp; culture category, Rajesh Joshi will be honoured for his maiden attempt to start aero-modelling in Vidarbha. Vijay Dayal will be felicitated for achieving excellence in the field of music. Dayal has been actively involved in making of many ad films and has also contributed to the making of movies like Agnipath, Dirty Picture and many others.Pradeep Khandelwal will be honoured for his promising entrepreneur in the industry &amp; commerce category. He has a business of piping engineering. Sanjay Agrawal, a noted steel trader, will also be felicitated.Kunda Vijaykar will be awarded the special achievement award for her contributions to the field of education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11393566", "title": "Dead professor receives varsity notice", "text": "MUMBAI: A widow of a senior accounts professor was shocked when a notice from Mumbai University landed up at her doorstep.The university notice 'pulled up' her late husband for dereliction of duty; it demanded that he explain the reasons for not appearing for assessing exam answer booklets this year.She was more than shocked to find the university's notice for her husband who died four years ago. But she was not the only one who was taken by surprise.Close to 500 faculty members were sent notices by the university for apparently bunking evaluation duties and they were asked to explain why they did not appear for assessment work. \"So many dead and retired faculty, even those who came for assessment work have been sent notices,\" said a computer science faculty member at a college in Chunabhatti.A teacher from a college in Borivali said he had gone for assessment, and ironically had also received a cheque bearing the payment for his evaluation work. \"I was surprised to receive letter from the university which claimed I did not land up for assessment,\" he said.The constant delays in declaring results of various courses, mainly the popular ones, forced the university to take a tough stand against faculty who were skipping evaluation work. The Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, says results must be declared within 30-45 days from the concluding date of examination. Last year, results were declared after 70 days.Controller of examinations Vilas Shinde said, his department had erred and sent letters to faculty members who had appeared for correction work. He said he would send fresh notices to only those who had absented themselves from evaluation work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11396108", "title": "Rebel threat mars Manipur polls, Congress faces ban", "text": "IMPHAL: Over the years, disturbances caused by militants during polls, ranging from shootouts to bomb explosions, have become a given in insurgency-hit Manipur. The people of the state, even while fearing for their lives and property, have learnt to live with this and have no option but to wait for the polls to pass.The threat of rebels hangs over the ensuing crucial tenth state assembly polls slated for January 28 as well. To thwart any disturbances during the polls, over 350 companies of central paramilitary forces, in addition to the available state police forces, would be pressed into service.Amid the ongoing hectic poll canvassing, a large number of rebel outfits, besides issuing different diktats on the people's democratic process, have also begun lobbing grenades at the residences of aspiring candidates, mostly Congress legislators and ministers and the party's offices.On Wednesday, the coordination committee of seven militant outfits of Manipur, CorCom, put an indefinite ban on Congress, giving a big blow to the ruling party. Despite beefing up of security in the state in view of the rebel threat, Congress is carrying out its poll activities on a low key with many party workers cutting down on house-to-house campaigns and meetings.CorCom said the ban has been imposed to denounce the Okram Ibobi Singh-led Congress's stance against the people of the state and their revolutionary movement. It said no one should contest on a Congress ticket and nobody should join poll-related events - meetings, house-to-house campaigns, feasts, erection of makeshift camps - of Congress.Pradesh Congress Committee president Gaikhangam said underground outfits issuing poll diktats is not a new thing. Adding that banning a particular party is 'very unfortunate', Gaikhangam appealed to the concerned body not to \"disrupt the democratic process to ensure that people can vote for their choice of candidates without fear.\"\"The ban on the Congress is not in the interest of the people. We also think the authorities concerned will do the needful to ensure the election passes off smoothly,\" a visibly emotional Gaikhangam said on Friday afternoon minutes after he named the party's nominated candidates for all 60 seats in the state.The chief election commissioner (CEC), SY Quraishi, who is well aware of the insurgent outfits' mounting threat, said adequate security would be provided to ensure the polls are conduced smoothly.CorCom, which comprises KCP, KYKL, PREPAK, PREPAK(Pro), RPF, UNLF and UPPK, issued a joint statement saying no individual or transport association should lend vehicles to Congress candidates, and added that those defying the ban would be punished. It also appealed to people not to raise any protests against CorCom's campaign.A few days ago, jailed United National Liberation Front (UNLF) chairman R K Sanayaima aka RK Meghen had stated that plebiscite should not be used as a political issue in the election, while the Maoist Communist Party (MCP), Manipur boycotted the polls.The UNLF, which is fighting to restore Manipur's past sovereignty, has already proposed to New Delhi to hold a plebiscite under the aegis of the UN to ascertain whether the state should remain part of India or not. Various central leaders flatly rejected the plebiscite proposal.Meghen, who is currently being probed by the NIA in its special court at Guwahati, said it was not compatible to raise the plebiscite agenda in the polls held under the Constitution of India. Speaking to reporters before he was produced at the NIA special court in Guwahati about 10 days ago, Meghen exhorted the people of the northeast to unite so as to make the call for plebiscite more significant. He added periodical elections in Manipur are nothing but a festival and during such times, gun power, money power, muscle power and intoxicants were abused widely.Meanwhile, the underground MCP Manipur stated it would boycott the ensuing polls saying the exercise is a tool for New Delhi and that it would only enhance the Indian system of rule. The assembly polls in Manipur would never bring welfare to the people, the Maoists said in a statement.Pointing out the possibility of minor as well as major poll-related crimes that might even extend to loss of lives, the outfit appealed to the people not to participate in any election events to avoid such incidents. To prevent such crime, the Maoists also put a ban on any kind of poll-related activities - public meetings, flag hoisting, poster campaigns, community feasts etc - in the state till January 30 next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11396436", "title": "Tiger cub dies at Tata Steel zoo", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A tiger cub died here at Tata Steel Zoological Park (TSZP) on Thursday night because of gastrointestinal ailment. \"The 40-day-old cub separated from his parents within 10 days of birth, died an untimely death,\" said a zoo official.\"The deceased cub missed his mother's milk and tender caring, which is vital for a newly born during the first fortnight, resulting in under growth of vital organs which led to gastrointestinal ailment causing his death,\" said TSZP director Vipul Chakraborty, after the postmortem report came. He said the cub should have received regular and timely feeding from his mother, Shanti, but unfortunately, the cub was abandoned by his mother.\"In the initial two days post-birth, the cub didn't respond properly to his mother apparently owing to which she abandoned the baby,\" said Chakraborty. The zoo authorities have planned to preserve the body of the deceased cub in the zoo museum.Earlier, after the death of Ben and Shyamli, the popular couple of the zoo, two years ago, their offspring Shanti remained the only attraction for the visitors.However, subsequent to the TSZP request to all the zoos across the country to spare a male for Shanti, the Guwhati-based national zoo exchanged a tiger named Raghav with a pair of Emu birds from here. However, it took some time for the zoo authorities to bring Raghav and Shanti closer. Though with some effort their courtship developed which eventually resulted in the birth of the cub on November 27, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394185", "title": "Saffron parties go all out to appease RPI", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray's persuasive skills helped quell unrest in the Ramdas Athavale-led Republican Party of India (RPI) over seat-sharing for the February 16 civic election. The Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party accepted the RPI's demand for more seats, but a formal announcement will be made next week.In the first round of talks, the Sena offered 18 seats to the RPI from its quota; add to this the BJP's six, and the RPI's share came to 24 in the 227-strong civic body.But Athavale sought four to five additional seats. At a meeting at the Sena Bhavan on Thursday, the Sena-BJP agreed to offer two more each to the RPI. \"The RPI will now contest 29 seats,'' a Sena leader said.Athavale had stated on Thursday that the Sena-BJP should adhere to the alliance 'dharma' and accept the RPI's demand. On Friday, he told mediapersons, after talks with Uddhav, state BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar and other leaders, that he was \"very happy'' with the new seat-sharing formula.Setting aside colleagues' objections, he also persuaded Athavale not to keep asking for more. \"Barring a few Dalit pocket boroughs, his faction doesn't have a strong electoral base in Mumbai. In 2007, it bagged three seats, of which two corporators defected to the Congress. Yet, Uddhav accepted Athavale's suggestion in the larger interest of the 'maha yuti' (the alliance),'' the Sena leader said.For over two decades Athavale was a Congress ally, and later the Sharad Pawar-led Nationalist Congress Party. Related report, P 6", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11395700", "title": "Family attacked on mistaken identity; 2 serious", "text": "INDORE: In a case of mistaken identity, around 20 people attacked a family in Datoda village near here late on Thursday night leaving five members critically injured. Two brothers, Anil Dhanera and Nandkishore Dhanera, who were among the injured are battling for their lives at the hospital.Interestingly, the cause of attack has been mistaken identity over the phone.Relatives of the victim Vijai Dhanera said around 20 persons attacked the Dhanera family and injured five people including women.Vijai said that Anil had called one of his friends Rahul Patel at around 8.30 pm and invited him home over dinner. Anil being close to Rahul casually used abusive language while talking to him. However, Anil was not aware that Rahul had lent his SIM card to someone else from whom he had borrowed money.When Anil had called Rahul, he talked in a friendly manner and shared some jokes with the person at the other end. However the recipient took it seriously and in about a few hours some 20 people armed with swords, iron rods and lathis came and attacked the family members. The family was caught unawares as the attackers rained lathi and blows and even attacked with swords greviously injuring two. The attackers Vijai said, were referring to the conversation with Anil.Town Inspector Simrol, Anil Kumar Patel confirmed the incident and told TOI, \"The police team has reached the hospital for recording statements\". FIR was not lodged till the filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11395656", "title": "Election Commission\u2019s jumbo shocker for Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission of India has in principle decided to have all statues of Mayawati and that of her party symbol, the elephant, covered ahead of the polls in the state. The announcement could be made on Saturday.Mayawati is the only leader in the country who ordered her own statues to be built, and they tower beside those of Gautam Buddha and B R Ambedkar in the many concrete parks constructed during her five-year rule to commemorate dalit icons. BSP had claimed the statues were built to honour the wish of Maya's mentor, Kanshi Ram.The decision to drape the statues was taken at a meeting Chief Election Commissioner SY Quraishi held with senior officials of the Chief Electoral Office in UP. The CEC also held a review meet on poll-preparedness with DMs and senior police officers of districts going to polls in the first four phases. He will hold another round of the meetings with officials of the remaining districts on Saturday.Several opposition leaders complained to the EC about a week back that the numerous statues - of Maya and her party symbol - would give undue advantage to BSP as they were clearly promoting her party. In fact, in October 2010, the EC, while dismissing petitions challenging BSP's use of the elephant as a symbol, had said that at the time of elections, the commission would take appropriate steps to ensure the statues do not disturb the level playing field and give undue advantage to BSP.Once the order is passed, it would have the most visible impact in Lucknow and Noida where most of the statues have been erected. According to a reply to an RTI query, there are nine statues of the dalit leader in different memorials constructed in Lucknow . Her tallest statue, a 24-feet bronze structure, is at the Pratibimb Sthal inside Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan sthal in Gomtinagar. It cost the state exchequer Rs 1.44 crore. The memorial has two more bronze statues of Mayawati : one inside the gallery and one in the main hall.The statue in the gallery is 18-feet tall and cost Rs 47.25 lakh while the one in main hall is a modest nine feet and cost Rs 23 lakh.Another statue of Mayawati, around 12 feet tall, is at Bhim Rao Ambedkar Samajik Pariwartan Sthal, Gomti Tatbandh. The bronze statue cost the state Rs 20.25 lakh. This statue was once replaced with another after Mayawati spotted some defects in it.MAYA MAHIMAMayawati unveils own statues in June 2009 Advocate Ravi Kant files complaint in SC, EC saying Maya furthering BSP symbol EC seeks comments from BSP on possible violation of model code of conduct. BSP told to reply by Aug 12, 2010 SC on July 10, 2010 refuses to restrain UP govt from carrying out work for installation of statues of Mayawati and other dalit leaders at a park in Noida BSP claims Maya's statues installed as per \"written will\" of party founder Kanshi Ram Oct 11, 2010: EC rejects plea for freezing of BSP symbol EC says it'd take steps to see that statues of Mayawati and BSP symbol do not disturb level playing field Those measures would be subject to directions of the SC or Allahabad HC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11395186", "title": "Parks now home for officers", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: If residents are looking to the municipal corporation for help in protecting Sarabha Nagar's green cover, they are in for rude shocks. The MC has allegedly constructed government officers' quarters on the land allocated for two parks and it's D Zone office is also situated in what was supposed to be the locality's green cover.The MC has also failed in showing any documents that prove their legal possession of the land where there office is built. On being questioned, officials refused to comment.Sources revealed that a portion of two parks in I and F blocks have been occupied for permanent residence of senior government officers. Some space is used for overhead water reservoirs and in the remaining patches there are small parks but there is no way for public to access them.In July 2010, city-based activist Kuldeep Singh Khaira had sought information under RTI Act about MC's Zone D building including plot number, name of the owner, date and number of sanction of site plan and certificate and total area covered. However, the corporation's building branch denied having any record about the details of Zone D building. One year has passed but MC has been unable to provide documents that prove its possession on the office building.\"Then MC commissioner had ordered an FIR registration against the officer who was allegedly responsible behind the dislocation of file in which documents were kept. Recently Punjab State Human Rights Commission too ordered an FIR against officers of the corporation before January 31,'' said Khaira. He added that according to Ludhiana Improvement Trust's original plan the land is part of green belt and the MC office is constructed illegally.In the general house meeting of November 28, 2011, councillors had suggested then MC commissioner A K Sinha to construct a conference room in the vacant land adjoining D Zone office so that all of them can sit and conduct meetings. But Sinha refused the suggestion because MC is already in hot water over the office building.Commissioner MC M S Jaggi said, \"I cannot say anything about construction of houses on public parks without checking our records. I will go through official records and then comment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393541", "title": "Officer, peon held for taking bribe", "text": "PATNA: Sleuths of the State Vigilance Investigation Bureau on Friday caught red-handed sub-divisional agriculture officer, Barh, Patna, Brajesh Kumar Mishra and a peon, Ram Singhashan Ram, for allegedly taking Rs 15,000 as bribe from one Santosh Kumar, a resident of Station Road, Bakhtiyarpur. The bribe amount was also recovered from their possession.Sources said Santosh had lodged a written complaint with the bureau alleging that Mishra was demanding Rs 15,000 as bribe for checking the store register of his food shop and submitting the inspection report. Sources said after verification of the allegation, a bureau team led by its DSP Maharaj Kanishk Kumar laid a trap and caught both the employees red-handed. The arrested employees would be produced before the special vigilance court after interrogation.This was the bureau's second trap case in 2012 leading to the arrest of four accused persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395380", "title": "Chain snatcher, partner held", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch has arrested two chain snatchers in east Nagpur on Wednesday, after a tip-off from a parking attendant who suspected that they were using stolen bikes. With this, the cops have solved three cases of chain snatching and two bike thefts.The two accused, Ashish Nagrale and Vicky Somkuwar, had been caught for the first time last year by citizens during a chain snatching attempt.The police have learnt that the duo always carries toothpaste, to conceal the registration numbers of bikes they steal for chain snatchings. Nagrale, a daredevil bike rider, used to be the 'shooter', driving the bike fast through heavy traffic during the getaway after the crime. Usually shooters get a bigger share of the spoils.Somkuwar was the one who used to ride pillion and snatch the chain. Police said Somkuwar had even gifted his girlfriend a stolen chain, which will be recovered soon.Police said the duo generally stole a bike and used it to snatch chains a few times before abandoning it. The duo would park the stolen bikes at the parking lot outside Ganeshpeth bus station. The supervisor of this parking lot became suspicious about Nagrale after he failed to produce the documents of a bike he had parked there in early December last year.Nagrale had been told to bring the bike's documents to prove his ownership after he lost the parking receipt. However, Nagrale never brought those documents.Some days later, Nagrale lost the parking receipt of a second stolen bike, which too he had left at the same parking lot. This raised the red flag for the supervisor, who notified the police about this discrepancy.Nagrale was planning to steal a third bike along with Somkuwar when the crime branch team under senior police inspector Madhao Giri picked them up on Wednesday.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay and additional CP (crime) Ravindra Kadam have been under pressure to rein in incidents of chain snatching after 172 such incidents were reported last year. Police have so far solved 55 such cases till December 2011.The cops said Nagrale and Somkuwar had been arrested after citizens managed to nab them red-handed while snatching a chain at Rana Pratap Nagar last year. While Nagrale was released soon, Somkuwar was released on bail in mid-December.In their confession, the duo has revealed that they were involved in the chain snatching on December 16 at Wadi. Later, on December 29, the duo allegedly snatched a chain at Kamptee and then again at Lakadganj. They confessed to stealing bikes from Imambada with a master key, which has also been seized.Police said the duo has more than a dozen of cases of chain snatching and several bike thefts against them in the last couple of years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "11394643", "title": "DMK leader's brother held in land grab case", "text": "DHARMAPURI: The brother of a Lok Sabha member, a DMK party man, has been arrested on Friday on charges of land grab, bringing down the morale of the party even further.According to Dharmapuri Police Superintendent Amit Kumar Singh, local MP and senior party leader R Thamarai Selvan's brother R Asai Thambi was arrested for grabbing land owned by a woman and constructing a hut on it to cement his occupancy.The anti land grab cell of Dharmapuri police arrested Asai Thambi after his refusal to return the encroached upon land.Hilta Chandra Shanti(58), a resident, filed a complaint against Asai Thambi three month ago with Dharmapuri district anti land grab cell. In the complaint, she said she owned 50 cents of land worth Rs.50 lakh in A Jetti Halli.When the DMK government was in power, Asai Thambi forcibly encroached upon the land without any ownership documents. He allegedly threatened to kill her. Though Shanti approached the district court which decided in her favour, Thambi refused to return the land. Even the Madras High Court rejected his ownership claims. But he built a hut on the land and started cultivating trees.On the basis of the woman's complaint, police registered a case against him. After his arrest, police produced Asai Thambi before Dharmapuri Judicial Magistrate and he has been remanded in judicial custody. He was taken to Salem prison late in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11395540", "title": "UTTHAN 2012 begins", "text": "VARANASI: From display of models and plan to encouraging rural tourism under 'Hut India' to plan for elderly and from model of agribusiness development to plan on organic waste management, the inaugural day of two-day Social Business Plan Competition ( UTTHAN 2012) and National Workshop on 'Social Business Lab @ B Schools', organised by the Faculty of Management Studies, Banaras Hindu University , saw it all on Friday.Inaugurating the programme, Arun Kumar, joint president, HINDALCO Industries Ltd , spoke on commitment and vision to bring joy and happiness in life. He said there was no dearth of entrepreneurial skills and despite all those recession and global crisis our growth rate was descent. He said when passion, commitment and goals combined, they could work wonders for the underprivileged people. In Renukut, 345 villages had been adopted by Hindalco and they were planning to provide primary health, sustainable livelihood, women empowerment in the field.Earlier, Prof SK Singh, dean and head, FMS, BHU briefed about the need for today's session by saying such events and activities sensitised people towards the deprived mass of the society and motivates them to contribute to their betterment. Prof Alok Rai from the faculty said FMS-BHU was planning to establish social business lab at BHU. \" We are here to finalise the model, format, clientele, structure of the social business lab,\" he said.Later, chairperson of the session, Prof PR Agarawal, head of department, School of Management Sciences, Motilala Nehru National Institute of Technology, Allahabad stressed that solid policy framework and unfolding of talent were needed for social benefit. He also mentioned that they required efficient delivery mechanism as well as its implementation. He said there was a need to link business with NGOs and there was a need to connect public to policy.It may be mentioned here that the two-day programme is a part of the initiatives of DRS Level 1 Special Assistance Programme of the University Grants Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394330", "title": "Four of family dead as car rams lorry on GST Road", "text": "CHENNAI: Four persons of a family, including two women , died on the spot and two others were injured when their Toyota Qualis smashed into a container lorry from behind near the Acharapakkam toll plaza, 96 km south of Chennai, on GST Road around 6.15am on Friday.The driver of the Qualis, P Sankar, 40, who died in the incident, was travelling at more than 100 kmph which may have caused him to lose control, police said. Lorry driver V Anatharaman, 30, of Senthoor in Tindivanam was arrested.The others killed were Sankar's wife S Selvi, 32, his brother-in-law D Aruloli, 45, and his wife A Vasugi, 38. Sankar's children S Mugilan, 12, and S Narmada, 6, who were injured, were taken to the Chengalpet Medical College Hospital where the bodies were sent for postmortem. Sankar worked in a shipping company in Qatar , police said.Police said the six members of a joint family from Reddiyarpettai in Cuddalore had picked up Sankar at the Chennai airport at 3.30am and were heading home when the incident occurred before the Acharapakkam toll plaza. The lorry, which was heading towards Tindivanam from Chennai, was at the extreme left of the road.A team, including Kancheepuram police superintendent S Manoharan and DSP K Sridevi rushed there on getting the information. A case was registered under IPC Sections 279 (rash driving), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 304 (A) (causing death by negligence). \"More than half of the car was crushed in the impact,\" said Acharapakkam inspector S Sivakumar.The place in front of the toll plaza is an accident-prone spot where, on an average, at least ten deaths occur in a month, police said adding that recently, four persons of a family had been killed in an accident at the spot.GST Road, unlike the East Coast Road, has a median and steel railings on both sides for long stretches but it is these safety features that are known to cause motorists to travel at very high speeds.\"There are no police patrol vehicles or ambulance services on the stretch. Helping the victims is a difficult task on the accident-prone stretches on the highway,\" said Acharapakkam panchayat union chairperson Pramila Vivekandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396139", "title": "LD Arts thieves caught on camera", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Authorities of L D Arts College have submitted the CCTV footage of two boys caught lifting bags from outside the exam center to the police. Authorities say this footage will come in handy to nab thieves who have also stolen three CCTV cameras from the L D campus.College authorities said that students were caught on camera stealing bags of students appearing for exams in the college campus. Officials said that two students first stole four bags and then came back to pick up three bags. In all they stole seven bags.Officials said that it is reported that one of these two students has a girl-friend who studies in the college.\"We have also stepped up surveillance to spot the boy and apprehend him,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11394048", "title": "KMF hikes milk price by Rs 3/litre", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Milk Federation (KMF) hiked the price of its milk by Rs 3 per litre and of curds by Rs 4 per litre. The change will come into effect from Saturday.Pasteurised toned milk (in blue sachets) will cost Rs 24 a litre against the present Rs 21. The homogenised cow's pure milk (green sachets) will cost Rs 27, Shubham (orange sachets) Rs 30, and double toned milk (yellow sachets) will cost Rs 20 a litre. After a meeting on Friday, the state government gave its clearance for the hike. \"This was necessary to protect farmers from the rising production costs and to prevent them from selling the milk to private dairies and also outside the state,'' G Somashekara Reddy, chairman, KMF told reporters on Friday.Milk in 11 districts of North Karnataka and coastal districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi will be dearer by Re 1 due to additional transportation cost. Under the Cooperative Act, KMF has to mandatorily obtain the state government's permission to increase the price of milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11395707", "title": "Pipe factory gutted in fire", "text": "INDORE: Goods worth lakhs of rupees were burnt in a factory fire on Sanwer road on Friday morning. At around 9 am, the fire broke out in a pipe factory at Narwal village owned by Ishaq Bhai.There were 30 to 35 workers inside the factory when the fire broke out. However, no one was reported to be injured.When the news of fire reached the villagers, they rushed to the site and removed some material from the factory. Eye witnesses said pipes worth lakhs could not be removed and were gutted along with other machines and main portion of building. The police are trying to find out the cause of fire.Meanwhile, the industrialists will stage dharna at District Industries Centre (DIC) here tomorrow morning. \"We have been demanding for fire station in the Sanwer Road Industrial area for two decades now, but in vain.Even though the state government has given its approval for the firs station long back, it could not be set up in absence of land. So, we will be demanding for the allocation of land for the same during the dharna,\" said Yogesh Mehta, president, Sanver Road Industries Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11395715", "title": "Punjab polls: Off their high horses &amp; never out of the EC\u2019s hawk eye", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not very long ago, P S Gill was Punjab DGP. Darbara Singh Guru was principal secretary to the CM. They were powerful men. Then, the politics bug bit them. Both got Shiromani Akali Dal tickets. Nothing has looked the same ever since.Gill retired on September 11 last year and Guru on December 24. Both quickly jumped off their high horses and began campaigning , hands folded. But that's not been so much of a problem. As is the Election Commission's hawk eye on them. The poll referee has ordered that their every waking hour be videographed - which both complain is intrusive.Soon after they were given the tickets, they shed inhibitions and went flat out to connect. Linking with the masses meant sartorial downgrade. Guru, contesting from Bhadaur, gave his pastel turbans a rest and picked up blue - the Akali colour. His jackets are noticeably crumpled now. Gill got into the habit of showing up at hole-in-the-wall shops at his constituency Moga, chatting with traders, listening to complaints.Two months into the campaign , Guru is okay dropping in at the dharamshala at his native Khudi Khurd. He tucks into a laddoos , seeks support for Parkash Singh Badal. \"Before he joined the fray , Guru occasionally visited our village. He's accessible now,\" Bhog Singh, a dalit, says. Melo, a village senior, says he knows Guru wants votes. But that's fine. \"Even if this is for votes, the man now turns up at our doorsteps to ask our well-being .\"\"I was born to poor parents and came up the hard way. I am grounded enough not to feel disappointed by this change where officials no longer salute us,\" Guru says. \"But, yes, this (EC's ) distrust hurts.\"In Moga, Suleiman, a pushcart vendor, says he is delighted. He has shaken hands with former top cop Gill. Reaching out comes easily to both candidates. But ever since EC has ordered constant video vigil on them, they've been bristling. Gill called up B Purushartha, district election officer of Moga, and wanted to know the reason behind this \"intrusion\".\"When Gill protested, he was politely told that these were EC instructions ,\" Purushartha said. The videography helped EC slap three notices on Gill, including one asking him not to use a red beacon on his car.On December 26, Guru too had his share of surprises. Fresh from resignation as principal secretary to the CM on December 24, he had set off for Bhadaur. He got a phone call that informed him that his constituency had been declared \"very sensitive\" . Guru called the chief electoral officer and the chief secretary assuring both they wouldn't hear of any code of conduct violation. Whenever they step out, a videographer, a cop and a district administration official trail them. The tapes are submitted to the returning officers in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395563", "title": "Bhopal dominates state youth festival", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal dominated the two-day state level youth festival that concluded in the city on Friday. Sports and youth welfare department organised the festival and around 400 artistes from across the state participated in the festival.In all, 17 different events were organized during the festival. Bhopal stood first in seven competitions including guitar, harmonium, classical singing, kuchipudi, Manipuri, odyssey dance and folk singing. In the guitar competition, Aishwarya Shrivastava of Bhopal stood first while Gaurav Singh Thakur of Jabalpur and Gwalior's Bhaskar Gupta won the second and third position in the same category respectively.Krishnapal Singh won the first position for Bhopal in harmonium. Indore's Shailendra Rao and Ujjain's Parmanand Gandharv were adjudged second and third respectively. Mohan Sharma's splendid show in classical music made Bhopal winner in another category. Avdesh Tomar of Sagar came second while Rewa's Pushpa Tripathi stood third.Sports minister, Tukoji Rao Puar distributed prizes to the winners. The winners of the festival have been selected for the national youth festival to be organised from January 12 in Mangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11401751", "title": "Trinamool-Congress rift widens, challenge each other to quit alliance", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister and Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Banerjee on Saturday spat venom against her alliance partner saying that the Congress was free to pull out of the alliance if it decided to work in tandem with the CPM. Mamata reminded that her party fought alone in Singur and Nandigram and could go it alone.\"The Congress is free to pull out if it decides to work together with the CPM. The Trinamool Congress won't be with it if this continues. Our doors are open,\" said the CM at the Writers' Buildings on Saturday. Her angry outburst came following the flak drawn from all sections over the Raigunj college campus violence where Trinamool Chhatra Praishad supporters beat up the college principal.Calling the Raigunj incident \"unfortunate\", Mamata held that the violence was a fallout of a conspiracy. \"The Congress laid a trap for the last four days. Trinamool Chattra Parishad supporters were being confined in the Raigunj college and tortured for the last four days to stop them from filing nomination for the students' union election. This has been the culture in Bengal for the last 34 years. This is how the SFI established its hegemony in the colleges. It is part of a joint conspiracy of the Congress and the CPM. Huge money has been spent. The college authorities didn't act impartial. Trinamool leaders went to rescue the Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters. The officer in charge also didn't act. We have removed the OC ,\" the CM said.Mamata held that the Congress was trying to \"build a mountain out of a molehill\" because the Trinamool Congress had been opposing the hike in petroleum prices, FDI in retail and the Lokpal Bill after the Lokayukta clause was incorporated as the latest affront on the federal structure. \"You are all aware that coal prices have been hiked by 25 per cent that will have a bearing on electricity tariff. I have been opposing it, but can't do it alone. The Trinamool Congress is in power with the support of the people in Bengal. The party can't be belittled by conspiring with the CPM,\" the Trinamool chief said.Taking on the Congress, the Trinamool chief said: \"Is the Congress scared of our party's decision to fight the Assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh and Manipur? That explains why Congress leaders went on the protest mode. Let me tell you that those who confined the college principal at Gangarampur in South Dinajpur, a day after the Raigunj incident on Friday, was led by a Congress councillor.\"In a message to the Trinamool gathering held at Netai in West Midnapore Mamata Banerjee told over phone that the Congress and the CPM were giving shelter to the harmads. \"They are coming in the way of development when the Trinamool-led government was trying to push through development in the region,\" the CM said.While talking about how the CPM politicised the entire bureaucracy, the CM said at the Writers' \"There is not a single good officer in charge, not a good and efficient state official. The OCs were appointed during the 34-year Left regime from among the party cadres. They were absorbed without training. I have to work with them.\"Responding to the Congress criticism that this was not the \"change\" they wanted, the CM said: \"Some say that they didn't want the change that is taking place now. What change were they lokking for - the right to kill Trinamool men?\" the CM said, citing the Trinamool men killed in Hariharpur, Joipur, Garbeta and the attack on Trinamool activists at Raina in Burdwan.Leader of the Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra rubbished the CM's allegation of the Congress-CPM understanding. \"It is a baseless charge. The Congress and the Trinamool Congress keep blaming each other as CPM's B team. Why isn't the Trinamool Congress pulling out of the UPA government at the Centre then? I also want to ask the CM that who was the person who surrendered to the Raigunj court on Saturday. He was none other than the Trinamool district working president,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11396586", "title": "Protesters hold traffic to ransom", "text": "KOLKATA: The chaos and indiscipline at Raiganj College cast its ugly shadow on Kolkata on Friday. Protesting against the assault on the Raiganj College principal, allegedly by Trinamool Congress leaders and supporters, Chhatra Parishad supporters blocked two vital stretches of the city and triggered prolonged traffic snarls that even left ambulances stranded for a long time.Chhatra Parishad, the Congress' students' wing, first staged an agitation from 12.35 pm to 12.55 pm at the Mahatma Gandhi Road-College Street crossing, choking both the vital roads. Hundreds of vehicles, including ambulances, were caught in the snarl. Since it was also time for schools to shut, students were caught in the snarl on their way back home.When the patients' families requested the agitators to make room for ambulances, they were curtly told that it was not possible.Since Calcutta Medical College Hospital, the biggest hospital in Kolkata, lies on College Street, these two roads are mostly used for accessing the hospital. Naturally, many ambulances got stuck on their way. \"A five-minute blockade invariably leads to an hourlong snarl at this crossing. Just imagine how complex the problem became when the blockade was half-an-hour-long,\" said a traffic police officer.Around 13.05 pm, the agitation shifted to Hazra crossing in front of Asutosh College. Traffic was instantly thrown out of gear along Hazra Road and SP Mukherjee Road. Since Hazra crossing has hospitals like Chittaranjan Cancer Institute and Chittaranjan Seva Sadan, ambulances again got stuck.A large number of homebound students were found waiting in cars and buses. They did not know when they could return home. The cascading impact was felt on even parallel roads like Sarat Bose Road and Harish Mukherjee Road.As if this was not enough, Chhatra Parishad also took out a rally with 60 to 70 people at the Phears Lane-BB Ganguly Street crossing to protest the same issue. Police arrested 14 men and two women from the spot. Around 2.30 pm, Chhatra Parishad also staged a snap demonstration in front of Writers' Buildings from where 26 people were arrested.Earlier, the CPM's students' wing SFI formed a human chain in front of Calcutta University's College Street campus. They also burnt an effigy of education minister Bratya Basu.The chaos and resultant snarl that did not even spare ambulances carrying ailing persons, was strongly condemned by the intelligentsia. Educationist Sunanda Sanyal described such attempts of paralyzing the city as an extension of criminalization of politics. \"Such agitations will not take us anywhere. Only chaos and anarchy will prevail.\"Writer Sunil Gangopadhyay said: \"I felt restless and agitated when I found how common people were being taken for a ride. I really doubt whether these political parties gain any mileage out of such agitations. They only invite scorn.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11393859", "title": "Adolf gets tough contender in another citizen activist", "text": "MUMBAI: Adolf D'Souza, the city's first citizen corporator, will have a tough contender in another citizen candidate, Vinayak Jadhav (72), in the February 16 civic election.D'Souza was nominated by the Mumbai Nagriksatta platform that he himself had created to launch citizen candidates across the city. But not many are in his favour in ward 60, where he has chosen to contest from this time. Jyotsna Dighe ( Congress) is the sitting corporator in the ward, which was declared general this time.Jadhav retired as general manager, Cotton Corporation of India, and is the former CEO of the Mumbai Khadi &amp; Village Industries Association. He was vice-chairman of the Manish Nagar Societies' Association in Andheri for six years. He evinced interest in contesting after the civic authorities did not keep their promise of taking up road-widening at D N Nagar in Andheri.Jadhav, who belongs to the Manish Nagar Society at Four Bungalows in Andheri, which is a private layout, said, \"We pay taxes but the corporation funds were not being utilized by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC). Unless we contest elections and make amendments, development activities will not take place. The authorities always give the excuse that Manish Nagar is a private layout,\" said Jadhav.Manish Bharghav of the Manish Nagar Societies Association said if there were problems with roads or the sewage system, they shelled out from their own pockets to get the job done. \"There's a mini-BMC functioning in this locality. We know how to govern, we have experience on managing our locality. We want one among our own to contest. We will ensure Jadhav wins, as he knows how to get work done in our ward ,\"said Bharghav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396405", "title": "HDK, Chennigappa in Arkavathy land denotification soup", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police on Friday filed a first information report (FIR) against former chief minister H D Kumaraswamy, his former cabinet colleague, C Chennigappa, and two others for their alleged involvement in a land denotification scam.Lokayukta special court judge NK Sudhindra Rao had ordered Lokayukta police to register the FIR and take up investigation into the allegations made by a private complaint filed by MS Mahadevaswamy, a social activist, by February 6.The FIR has invoked charges under Sections 13(1)c and 13(1)d of the Prevention of Corruption Act and Sections 406, 420, 463, 468, 471 and 120-B of IPC. Inspector Ravishankar of the Lokayukta is investigating the case.WHAT IS THE CASE?The complainant had accused Kumaraswamy, Chennigappa and two, others AV Raviprakash and AV Shivaram, of getting a piece of land acquired to form Arkavathy Layout denotified.The state government had issued a notification in 2003 to acquire three acres and eight guntas of land bearing survey no 87/4B and belonging to Raviprakash and Shivaram in Thanisandra of KR Puram hobli for Arkavathy Layout. But acting on then forest minister Chennigappa's recommendation, a gazette notification was issued on October 3, 2007 denotifying the land.The denotification happened after the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) had completed all formalities required to form Arkavathy Layout, formed sites and allotted them to beneficiaries, the complaint pointed out.In his recommendation letter, Chennigappa had stated that the two land owners were poor and several people were dependent on the land for livelihood, even as compensation for the land acquired had been paid to both.The complainant had accused Kumaraswamy of misusing his position, resulting in the BDA incurring a loss of Rs 2 crore.IN THE HIGH COURTJustice N Ananda on Friday reserved his verdict on the petition filed by H D Kumaraswamy challenging the investigation ordered by the Special Lokayukta Court based on a private complaint filed by T J Abraham.The complainant claimed that some of Kumaraswamy's decisions as chief minister were responsible for illegal mining activity in the state and he had got financial benefits from these decisions. Kumaraswamy's counsel contended the complaint is premature as the state government hasn't taken a final decision on the Lokayukta report on illegal mining and sought clarifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395513", "title": "Telangana Congress leaders wary of Naidu yatra", "text": "HYDERABAD: Finding themselves staring at political oblivion in their region what with the lack of clarity in the party on the separate state issue, Telangana Congress leaders are now accusing the two Chittoor leaders - chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu - of conspiring to ensure that the latter's visit to Warangal district was a success.Even as TDP and TRS supporters Friday clashed all along the route Naidu took from Hyderabad to Warangal, a few T Congress MLAs, MPs and other leaders met at the residence of an MP. However, with Rajya Sabha elections coming up and the chief minister dangling the carrot of a cabinet berth, neither the MPs nor the MLAs wanted to go on record about Naidu's visit. Off the record though, they were very vocal. \"The state government has created a favorable atmosphere for Naidu to take up his Telangana yatra. It has provided unprecedented police protection to the leader and has allowed him to go around with his own private army,\" said one MLA.Gandra Venkataramana Reddy, MLA from Bhupalpalli in Warangal district, said that the government should not have allowed Naidu to take up the yatra. \" The state government is aiding Andhra forces as they re-enter a region which has been out of bounds for all Seemandhra leaders for the last two years,\" said another MLA.Naidu's 'Rythu yatra' (march for farmers) ends the unspoken two-year ban, due to their anti-Telangana stance, against the entry of Seemandhra leaders in Telangana.The embargo began in December 2009 in the wake of violence in both regions which came in response to TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao's indefinite fast and the withdrawal of Union home minister P Chidambaram's statement in favour of Telangana. Even YSR Congress leader YS Jaganmohan Reddy would not dare enter the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396208", "title": "Live webcast service at AMC crematoriums", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In August 2009, Bhavna Desai in California watched the live webcast of her brother Kaushik Desai's funeral in Ahmedabad after the family arranged for one. Bhavna could not fly down to Ahmedabad due to swine flu scare around that time. The family broadcasted the entire ceremony on broadband. Inspired from the incident, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) plans to introduce webcast service across crematoriums the coming year.The proposal has been moved by the health committee of AMC to be included in the coming budget session. The service will be paid and will come in handy for NRIs who cannot make it on time for the cremation service owing to visa or other delays that may crop in while trying to fly into the city.\"There have been many instances where close relatives have not been able to make it on time owing to old age and ailments. This service will be a boon for such cases. There have been cases where in road accidents the bodies cannot be kept for longer periods waiting for relatives. The service will be helpful in such cases. Besides the broadband will ensure a two way communication and help the relative to participate in the ceremony,\" says a senior member of the AMC's health committee.As part of the pilot project the service will be introduced in Ellisbridge and slowly be emulated in other crematoriums. \"The charges are yet to be decided. The committee has emphasized on charging a nominal fee. Wireless web cams or digital cameras will be utilized for the broadcast process. The video feed will be compressed and broadcasted on the net. We would be calling in for the tenders from interested parties in the coming budget year,\" adds the member. The AMC will be looking into introducing few more services at crematoriums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394332", "title": "Ahead of Budget, babus unwind with Chitrangada", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid the general gloom over slowing growth, 70 senior babus of the finance ministry have gone on a three-day, two-night retreat, where they will unwind in the company of Bollywood stars Chitrangada Singh and Javed Akhtar while brainstorming on the economy.The retreat began on Friday with the mandarins moving to The Kingdom of Dreams, a live entertainment and leisure destination in Gurgaon. Post-dinner, the group was scheduled to proceed to a five-star resort in the Aravalis where discussions will be held on the theme, 'India 2020'.To lift their mood, the government has hired a Bollywood buxom, 1976 born Chitranganda Singh, who will give company to many of theDesi Boyz actress Chitrangada Singh, 35, is expected to lighten the mood of the 1970s batch officers, with some late entrants comprising a team from the department of economic affairs thrown in. There will also be poetry sessions with Javed Akhtar along with yoga and cricket matches in-between the \"hectic\" schedule.Officers are spoiled for choice at the Westin resort in Sohna, which offers a \"wide range of treatments including Thai, Balinese, Chinese, and ayurveda massages and body wraps, focusing on renewal of body, mind, and soul\". Meditation, yoga and Tai Chi sessions are some of the attractions many officers may skip in favour of an interaction with Chitranganda.The Kingdom of Dreams, where the babus were on Friday, boasts of a Culture Gully, a lavish air-conditioned boulevard of multifarious Indian cultures, culinary delights and shopping experiences. \"You can visit the backwaters of Kerala, savour the taste of feni in a quaint tavern in Goa, view the royal splendour of a Rajasthani palace or enjoy the rustic charm of a Punjabi village,\" says a promotional brochure on the place.The dinner, sources said, is amid live \"street performers, artisans, magicians and folk dancers besides palm reading\" on offer for bureaucrats who are expected to spend sleepless nights at North Block on their return, writing the economic survey and preparing the 2012-13 budget.The budget date is yet to be announced, but it has been delayed to the middle of March because of Assembly elections in five states.This year's budget is expected to be a tougher exercise than the one that followed the 2008 global financial meltdown, when the finance ministry had invited film director Shekhar Kapoor to its pre-budget retreat. The following year, Aamir Khan, fresh from his success in 3 Idiots, was the star attraction for the officers retreating at a location in Faridabad.For the 'India 2020' theme this year, eminent personalities have been invited to lecture the North Block mandarins. They include former foreign secretary Shyam Sharan, environmentalist R K Pachauri and senior journalist M J Akbar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11393997", "title": "Fire at private hospital in Bangalore; patients safe", "text": "BANGALORE: Swift evacuation and timely counter-measures reduced the impact of a fire in the basement of Columbia Asia hospital at Hebbal on Friday afternoon. Within 20 minutes of the accident, hospital officials and firefighters were moved 79 patients out to safer places.At 2.45pm, 13 UPS batteries stored in the basement exploded and within 10 minutes, smoke swiftly engulfed the two-storeyed building. Hospital staff immediately evacuated all the patients, included some on ventilators, those who had undergone surgery a few hours before and women in labour.The daughter-in-law of SN Patil, a retired public prosecutor, was in the labour room when the fire broke out. Patel was in the room with his wife and daughter, when he heard people shouting. \"When I opened the door to see what had happened, thick black smoke poured into the room. For a moment I was shocked and didn't know what to do. A nurse asked me to go down immediately. I was worried about my son and daughter-in-law and thought of staying back to find them but the nurse insisted that leave. When we were moving out, I got a call from my son that they were being taken to another hospital\" said Patil.Two fire tenders and about 50 ambulances rushed to the spot. Patients were moved to the hospital's Yeshwantpur branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399145", "title": "Hrithik is a very busy man: Salman Khan", "text": "Controversies. Fights. And link-ups. Salman Khan has braved them all over the years. In a relaxed chat with Mumbai Mirror, the dabangg man puts everything straight. Finally.December 27, 2011. Farhan Akhtar attended your birthday bash in Panvel. So, is there a film in the offing?Just because he attends my party, it doesn't mean that I have to do a film with him. You have to remember that I know Farhan since he was a kid. Thikh hai Farhan is Javed Sahab's son... and I would take Farhan with me on my bicycle. So I know him since that age.He did offer you many films in the past...Yeah... So?Ok. So let's talk about Sanjay Dutt . He is a very shy person... How did you...(he interrupts)Haan, he is very shy. Baba is really shy. (Sanjay, who is sitting across Salman and talking to another journalist turns around and asks, \"What happened?\" Salman answers, \"They are saying Baba is shy.\" To this Sanjay nods and says, \"Yes, very shy.\" And the two burst out laughing.)He doesn't talk much in public, we meant.Yes, he doesn't want to talk. He isn't shy with the people he has grown up with. But he gets very shy with compliments. Especially, if it is coming from a girl.So was it difficult convincing him to host Bigg Boss where he had to interact with a lot of people?Till the last moment we weren't sure whether he was going to do it. Every time he would say, 'Yaar, what is this? Where am I? What am I doing?'. But once he rehearsed for it and knew what the format was, he opened up. Sanjay is the funniest guy I have ever known. His sense of humour is amazing. Plus, he has got this connect with people.Knowing him for so many years must've helped you co-host the show.Yeah. I think we have known each other since...1990?...(He turns to the side and asks, \"Baba, how long have we known each other? I must have been 15 - 16 na?\" A surprised Sanjay thinks about it and replies, \"Not 15. 14.\") Yeah. So I was 14 and Baba was 17.Apart from your friendships, there are a lot of stories about your fights within the industry as well...With whom?The latest being Hrithik... What is your equation with him today?Hrithik? See, I bump into him once in a while. He is a very busy man. I am very busy too. When he wasn't all that busy, he used to spend a lot of time with me. And I would rather have him spend time away from me with his films becoming huge hits, than him spending all his time with me in the gym and his films being flops.You are known for being a true friend. You make an effort to get back your friends. Like Himesh...you guys patched up and then Bodyguard happened...It's not like I am having an affair with these guys. They are those friends who you are comfortable with while working with them. When you are not working with them, they move away. And then you work again because there is a special relationship that you share.Coming to Bigg Boss 5, do you think that the contestants have behaved too irresponsibly?I think that they shout without any reason just to get that extra footage (pauses). Unko lagta hai ki cheekhne chillane se kaam ban jaayega. People like Rakhi Sawant and Dolly Bindra think that if they do these kind of things, they would win. But none of them have won. Rahul (Roy) and Shweta (Tiwari) have won because they weren't like that.This year, you did what no other host has ever done. You went in the house gave the inmates a piece of your mind...I had to do it. I had to tell them what the country is feeling. Helen aunty watches the show and she didn't like it. Everybody... my family, my friends asked me what was going on in the house. They hated it. Outside Bigg Boss there is a bigger house. If need be, main agle season mein bhi yeh karunga.Moving on...Over the years, you've been linked with many women...(Interrupts) There are lots of them.But all such rumours have stopped. You think you have become more cautiousHas it stopped? (looks in disbelief) Really?(Looks at his manager. Manager says, \"Well, a journalist is claiming so.\" Both start laughing. Then Salman looks at Sanjay, who is again caught off guard, and asks, \"Baba, all these years of linkups, of late it has stopped...is it true?\" Now even Sanjay joins in the laughter fest.)I better do something now (Adds looking rather serious)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11395560", "title": "Five of drug-and-rob gang held", "text": "KANPUR: The Colonelganj police busted a gang of 'zaher-khurans' on Friday. The gang had five members who used to operate across the state and were wanted by the police and the GRP ( Government Railway Police).The police have recovered five countrymade firearms and several live cartridges from their possession. The police also seized a kilogramme of 'charas', five mobile phones and cash worth Rs 5,000 from them. The police claimed to have make a breakthrough on the basis of electronic surveillance.\"They used to get friendly with passengers on trains and bus and then offer them eatables laced with sedatives. They then robbed them of their valuables and belongings,\" informed the Colonelganj police.Police also recovered sedatives from them and are conducting further raids to recovered stolen valuables on the basis of clues provided by them. The five confessed during interrogation that they used to target passengers on bus and trains in the region including Kanpur Central railway station and Jhakarkati bus station besides locals at busy thoroughfares.The police are on the lookout for other gang members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399226", "title": "Rupsha\u2019s Bollywood debut", "text": "It's a flying start for Rupsha this year. The actor, who plays Ravi Kissen's ex-flame in \"Chaalis Chauraasi\", is keenly awaiting the release of the film. The offer came to her in September. \"I sent a showreel to the production house.In a few days' time, I was in Mumbai, sharing the same frame as Ravi Kissen!\" she says. Giving an insight into the film, Rupsha adds that her character is meant to enhance Ravi's role in this cop flick. \"I'm one of the many things that happen to the four cops ( Naseeruddin Shah , Atul Kulkarni, Kay Kay Menon and Ravi Kissen) in the course of one night. Ravi Kissen, who had a fling with me in the film, comes to wish me on my wedding night. That he doesn't care a damn comes through in the interactions that happen between us,\" she says.Rupsha, who had a two-day shoot in Mumbai, says she is floored by the professionalism that Maximum City has to offer. \"There's no turning up late on the sets, no waiting once your make-up is done. I was inspired to a great extent by Ravi Kissen. He is a small-town man at heart. That he has cut a niche for himself is through sheer fire. I've learnt one thing from him - let it burn little, but let it burn for long and all the while remain sane in this insane world,\" Rupsha reflects. The actor, who calls her decision to leave for Mumbai 'impulsive', is in no mood to leave for greener pastures. \"I can go to Mumbai on work, but there's no leaving Kolkata. I've my two kids to look after - my dogs, Cocoa and Tuffy. I want to be a good mother and continue being a working woman,\" she says. Way to go, girl!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11396843", "title": "Huge stock of \u2018vanaspati\u2019 ghee, edible oils seized", "text": "VADODARA: The Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) seized a large stock of edible oil and 'vanaspati' ghee or hydrogenated vegetable coking oil in the Hathikhana wholesale grain market on Thursday night. The seizure was made after the VMC received a tip off that the stock was dubious.VMC officials had received a tip off that the stock that had arrived in the wholesale market in a truck was dubious. Officials rushed to the spot on Thursday evening and collected samples of the stock. The stock was seized on Thursday night.According to officials, the seized stock included 634 tins and cans of 15 litres each. The stock included 100 tins of cottonseed oil, 200 tins of 'vanaspati' ghee and 334 cans of sunflower oil.VMC additional health officer Dr Mukesh Vaidya said that of the 634 containers, 534 were to be delivered to Avani Traders. The remaining 100 containers were to be delivered to Balaji Trading Company.Vaidya added that samples had been collected from the containers and they would be analysed by the public health laboratory for any possible adulteration. Further action would depend on the report of the laboratory and till then the stock will remain seized, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394780", "title": "Anti-liquor drive hit by funds crunch", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government's de-addiction campaign has hit a funding hurdle. Following a cabinet nod for a new de-addiction policy in June 2011, Shivajirao Moghe, state minister of social justice and de-addiction activities, had sought an allocation of Rs 25 crore for taking up various projects.There were plans to assist and reward colleges for taking up such activities. There were plans to rope in celebrities and shoot documentaries to spread the de-addiction message. On the village level, the department had proposed to release additional funds for development activities for villages and districts promoting the anti-liquor. However, the department has now had to defer the initiatives. The finance and planning division has not accepted the department's request regarding the allocation of Rs 25 crore in the current fiscal. Moghe confirmed the development. \"The government could provide funding assistance and also reward the best performing institutions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393790", "title": "CMAT not only way to get into B-schools: AIMS", "text": "PUNE: The Association of Indian Management Schools (AIMS), a body of 600-plus management institutions, has maintained that the impending 'Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) - 2012' is not the sole option for management course aspirants to get into the B-schools in the country.In August last year, the All-India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) announced the CMAT as part of a move to reduce the multiple entrance exams for admissions to MBA and post-graduate diploma in management (PGDM) at institutions that are approved by the council.The maiden CMAT-2012, an online exam, is to be held from February 20 to 28 in 61 cities across the country. However, the AIMS, which conducts one of the five nationally-recognised management entrance exams -the 'AIMS Test for Management Admissions' (ATMA) - is worried about what it describes as a \"misleading\" impression, which prevails among MBA aspirants that CMAT is the only answer to their B-school dream.Chairperson of the ATMA committee Apoorva Palkar told reporters here that CMAT remains \"one of the options\" for the aspirants, while the other nationally recognised tests are also available to them.The AIMS is one of three petitioners who have challenged the AICTE's fresh set of rules notified in December 2010, for council-approved PGDM institutes. Among other things, the rules provide that all PGDM admissions will be done only through two nationally recognised entrance tests, i.e. CAT and MAT or the test conducted by the state government (MAH-MBA/MMS-CET in the case of Maharashtra). This put a big question mark over the fate of the other three nationally recognised tests, i.e. ATMA, XAT and JMET.On March 17, 2011, the Supreme Court ordered a stay on the AICTE's new rules, which were, otherwise, to be enforced for admissions to the PGDM 2011-13 batch. In an ensuing interim order, passed on July 26, 2011, the apex court extended the stay by one more year, which means PGDM admissions for 2012-14 batch will be based on the five tests - CAT, MAT, XAT, ATMA and JMET - instead of only CAT and MAT.The six older IITs (Bombay, Delhi, Kanpur, Kharagpur, Madras and Roorkee) and the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, which were conducting the JMET for admissions to their post-graduate management courses, have since announced discontinuation of the JMET, from the 2012-14 batch, while adopting the CAT conducted by the IIMs.However, ATMA will continue till the Supreme Court settles the ongoing matter against the AICTE rules. \"We (AIMS) have scheduled ATMA for February 12 at 32 cities across the country,\" said Palkar.In fact, the AIMS has decided to go a step forward by planning three online entrance tests in April, June and July this year as a follow up to the ATMA, which is conducted in traditional pen-and-paper mode.\"The online tests are primarily to enable those students, who miss the ATMA in February,\" Palkar said while pointing out that the AIMS has been conducting ATMA since 1988 on the second Sunday of February every year. \"In July last year, we conducted a pilot online test and found the outcome quite encouraging,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394820", "title": "Hospital incurred over Rs 90 crore losses", "text": "MUMBAI: The Hurkisondas Nurrotumdas Hospital on Friday announced that it will be shutting down for repairs. But an internal notice that was put up on Thursday underlined that the Hurkisondas Nurrotumdas Trust running the hospital has incurred losses of over Rs 90 crore owing to rising operating costs without proportionate gain in revenues.The hospital has also been witnessing a massive fall in patient inflow; over the past decade the daily occupancy of the 200-bed hospital had dropped to less than 100. The hospital has communicated to its employees its difficulty of rendering superior health care in the face of stiff competition from other hospitals in the vicinity. \"At least three new corporate hospitals are expected to start within a 10-km radius of the hospital,\" the hospital notice said. . One of the consulting doctors told TOI that they were informed of the development about 10 days ago. \"We have also been told not to admit new patients,\" the doctor said. \"Those undergoing treatment would be discharged eventually.\" Insiders say the buzz is that the renovation of the two buildings-the old heritage building and Kapol Niwas-could take more than a year.The hospital in its notice also hinted that in the face of a shutdown, 'the Trust may have to discharge employees'. This has not gone down well with the 548 Class III and IV employees, who alleged they were informed at the last moment. Most of the doctors are consultants and nurses who fall in the Class III category. Pandurang Sapkal, Sena's vibhag pramukh of south Mumbai who heads one of the hospital unions, said that the announcement \"came as a surprise\". \"We are not against development of the hospital but the welfare of the employees has to be kept in mind,\" he said.Sapkal added that the five-year service contracts of all the employees had ended in June last year following which the management had not renewed them. He said the employees were hopeful that the hospital would offer them clarity and options to sustain their families.The hospital spokesperson told TOI that the present structure of the hospital cannot support any modernization due to its age. \"Two of the wings have been extensively damaged and require urgent repairs. So we are constrained to suspend all operations at the present facility with immediate effect.\" The management has also decided to enter into discussions with the four unions in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11396352", "title": "BMC has little to show for Rs 46,000 cr", "text": "MUMBAI: The opposition is demanding answers from the Shiv Sena-BJP coalition ruling the BMC. It has come to light that Mumbaikars paid Rs 46,072 crore in taxes to the BMC in the last five years. The opposition wants to know why civic services still remain pathetic.BMC's chief accountant Ram Dhas said its revenue income goes towards operational maintenance, loan repayment and establishment costs. \"This is one way of providing services. Paying salary to the person who cleans the streets translates into services provided.\"The opposition says taxpayers have not received services in return for their money. People are being cheated at the hands of the ruling alliance, said Nationalist Congress Party leader Niyaz Vanu. \"Despite paying so much money by way of taxes, roads remain potholed, water is not distributed equally and waterlogging continues.\"Congress corporator Sameer Desai said: \"For every Re 1 a taxpayer pays, 62 paise go towards establishment costs. Assuming that the remaining 38 paise are used for development, 12% goes towards contractors' profit, which is the administration's estimate for budgeting for projects. That leaves us with 28 paise. Going by the trend, just about 50% is used for capital work. So, for every rupee a person pays, he gets value for only 14 paise.\"This means, people are paying only for wages of BMC officers and staff, right from the commissioner to the grade four employee. We are the highest property tax payers in the country, but get no services in return.\"The BMC's revenue comes from various sources, but the highest are from octroi and property tax. The revenue break-up for the last five years is as follows: Rs 7,887 crore in 2007-08, Rs 8,407 crore in 2008-09, Rs 8,749 crore in 2009-10, Rs 9,526 crore in 2010-11, and Rs 11,503 crore (estimate ) in 2011-12 .Blaming the population load for poor civic facilities, standing committee chairman and Sena corporator Rahul Shewale said: \"When the planning department makes provisions, it takes into account the existing population and population estimates for future years. The system does not work because Census figures come just once every 10 years. (Poor facilities ) is not the fault of the ruling alliance. Any party in our place would be faced with a similar problem.\"We did all we could to increase the budget for expenditure . While in 2001 it was Rs 1,159 crore, in 2011, we increased it to Rs 6,448 crore. The money is used for water supply projects, cleanliness, hospitals, schools, strengthening of storm water drains, beautification of gardens and so on.\"Earlier this week, TOI reported that a large chunk of the civic budget remained unutilized. For 2011-2012, the BMC made a provision of Rs 7,637 crore for capital works, but though just three months are left for the financial year to end, only 20% of the money has been utilized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "tamluk", "code": "11394846", "title": "Seth &amp; co give CPM conference a miss", "text": "TAMLUK: Has CPM in East Midnapore come out of the Lakshman Seth era? The question did the rounds during an open session of the party's district conference at the Tamluk College ground on Friday. If Seth was prominent in his absence, so were the men who ran the show at his instructions.Mired in a controversy over land acquisition in Nandigram and the private medical college, the Haldia strongman withdrew himself from the show along with his trusted lieutenants. Seth's absence was so striking that CPM state secretary Biman Bose came forward to offer an explanation. \"The manner in which the new government is targeting CPM leaders and workers by slapping false cases on them is indicative of a political vendetta. This is why many couldn't turn up at the conference,\" he said.Bose kept up his attack on the plight of farmers as well. \"Instead of this infighting, they (Congress and Trinamool) should focus more on how to resolve farmers' plight,\" Bose said.Top leaders who didn't attend the meet were Nandigram's Asoke Guria and Asoke Bera and Khejuri's Himangshu Das and Bijon Ray - all CPM's East Midnapore district secretariat members. Bose announced that the party would distribute the responsibilities of those who went underground.The venue this time also shifted from the heart of Tamluk town to its fringes along the NH-41, perhaps to ensure a smooth passage for CPM politburo members Biman Bose, Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee and leader of the Opposition Surjyakanta Mishra. The leaders went to the gathering to boost the sagging morale of the party activists.Bhattacharjee also harped on the vindictive decisions of the government. \"The new government is pursuing a single agenda - attack and slap false cases against CPM men and supporters. This may create problem to bring back people into our fold,\" he said.Mishra, too, said much the same, \"Attacks and false cases against our supporters are increasing. This is why many didn't turn up in fear. In 1968-72, we'd to spend some time in wilderness. We returned to create history. \"The reverberations of Seth's absence from the party conference were also felt in the Trinamool ranks. Trinamool's state secretary Mamud Hussain said, \"Neither Seth nor any of these leaders are mentioned in any FIR nor has any court issued summons against them. Where is the question of arrest then? Actually, they are scared of their misdeeds.\" However, it is not known whether Seth will make it to the closed door session of the party conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11395782", "title": "Cong-CPI divide in Manipur widens, to contest separately", "text": "IMPHAL: Cracks in Manipur's Congress-CPI coalition have led the parties to decide not to contest the assembly polls together.Led by CM Okram Ibobi Singh , the Secular Progressive Front (SPF) government has ruled for two straight terms, but their \"ideological differences\" seem to have grown. \"Our party can't work with CPI at the grassroots level. We can't have any pre-poll alliance,\" said N Biren Singh, senior Congress minister and SPF spokesperson. CPI state secretary M Nara Singh said a seats deal with the Congress is \"very difficult\" and the Left party wants to increase its tally.Smelling an opportunity, but bruised by the ruling Congress in two successive assembly polls, the opposition has come together to form a grand prepoll alliance to take on Ibobi Singh's SPF. Christened People's Democratic Front (PDF), the pre-poll alliance comprising Manipur People's Party (MPP), JD(U), NCP, RJD and CPI(M), said its common minimum programme would be announced soon. \"Although the saffron party is not part of the front, it will share some seats with MPP to defeat the Congress,\" said Nimaichand Luwang, PDF convener and president of MPP.\"Because of ideological differences between BJP and CPI(M), we have formulated a separate seat-sharing pact between MPP and BJP. PDF and BJP have a common target - Congress,\" said Luwang, a former minister. Congress sources said chief minister Ibobi Singh still favours a post-poll alliance with CPI as the party has never tried to destabilize the government. If the outcome of this election leads to a hung assembly, Ibobi might again approach CPI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395534", "title": "Gun seized from TDP activist", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hundreds of police personnel and 'rope' parties lined up all along the route to prevent trouble but at Tarnaka in Hyderabad, Alair in Nalgonda and Jangaon in Warangal, the Telangana agitators went berserk. Police fired teargas shells to quell the miscreants who hurled stones at his convoy at Tarnaka in the morning. At Bhongir in Nalgonda, TRS workers tried to block the former CM's motorcade but were chased away by police.In Alair, the protestors hurled stones and damaged the windowpanes of some cars in the convoy. TRS and TDP workers clashed while police lathicharged them even as Naidu appealed for calm. The protesters threw slippers, tomatoes and eggs at the convoy at Alair and Rayagiri. Police recovered a revolver from a TDP activist at Alair.Protesters at Jangaon rained stones at policemen deployed as part of security for Naidu's visit. Police retaliated with baton charge. After some hold-up, Naidu convoy surged ahead. After he left, TRS and TDP workers pelted stones at each other for nearly 15 minutes as the main road was littered with stones. Police quelled the clashing workers by resorting to lathicharge.When his convoy reached Nawabpet in Lingala Ghanpur mandal, the protestors blocked the road by hurling tree logs and shrubs. Police removed them and formed a security ring to allow Naidu's convoy to reach Lakshmakkapally village from where he launched his padayatra in the afternoon. The TDP chief completed his 15-km padayatra from Lakshmakkapally and reached Palakurthy without any hitch. Meanwhile, the shutdown evoked a total response in the district with shops, hotels and business establishments closing for the day. Educational institutions declared a holiday while most of the buses of state-owned Road Transport Corporation remained off the roads fearing violence.But two RTC buses were set on fire in Hanamkonda and Rellakunta in Nekkonda mandal, while the angry protestors hurled a petrol bottle on Palakurthy MLA Errabelli Dayakar Rao's house in Warangal. District SP Rajesh Kumar on Thursday night advised Naidu to postpone his visit to the district in view of the tense situation.Ignoring his advice, Naidu embarked on his yatra with nearly 600 members of 'Chandra dandu' wielding sticks accompanying him in the convoy to take on Telangana protestors. Police arrested several leaders and activists of Telangana JAC, TRS and other groups as a precautionary measure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11395607", "title": "FIR against Togadia for violating election code", "text": "KANPUR: An FIR was lodged against Vishwa Hindu Parishad leader Praveen Togadia for violating the election code of conduct. Togadia was in the city to take part in a meeting of students organised by the Kanpur branch of the VHP, where he spoke against the reservation to Muslims within the OBC quota.The FIR was lodged on a complaint lodged by the district authorities. The complaint stated that Togadia took part in the programme which was held without permission. The FIR was lodged under Sections 153 A and 298 B with the Kakadeo police.Defending himself, Togadia said that he would be filing a defamation case against the complainants. He said that he was not luring people to cast votes in favour of any political party.Togadia further said that he does not belong to any political party and hold no political position. Thus, no rule of election code of conduct implies on him.Earlier, addressing the gathering at the function in Kakadeo, Togadia opposed 4.5% reservation to Muslims within the OBC quota. He accused the UPA government and the Congress of ignoring the interest of Hindus and threatened to launch an agitation against the decision. He asked the public to stand against the Centre so that it cannot grant quota to Muslims.\"Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi and his party are trying to appease the Muslim community, which is against the interest of backward Hindus in the country. This is a clear violation of the democratic rights of the majority population and the VHP would agitate against it,\" Togadia said during the meeting of students organised by the Kanpur branch of VHP.He said that granting reservation to Muslims within the OBC quota would hurt the interests and rights of backward caste Hindus. The VHP leader threatened to launch a nationwide agitation and go to the court if the government does not reverse the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393656", "title": "BJMC to offer superspecialty courses", "text": "PUNE: Postgraduate medical students from Pune no longer need to move to Mumbai for superspecialty. The state government has given approval to start superspecialty courses in plastic surgery and paediatric surgery at the B J Medical College (BJMC).\"The state government has given the essentiality certificate to Sassoon Hospital and B J Medical College to start M.Ch course in plastic surgery and paediatric surgery. These are full-time three-year residential courses and two seats each for the two surgical courses have been approved,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Ajay Chandanwale, dean of Sassoon Hospital and B J Medical College. Other superspecialty branches like neurosurgery, cardiac surgery and uro-surgery are proposed.ENT surgeon Sameer Joshi, deputy dean of BJMC said, \"If everything goes as per the schedule, the admission procedure should start in May this year.\"\"Students from Pune and other parts of Western Maharashtra wanting to pursue specilised education in plastic surgery and paeduatric surgery will not have go anywhere to get the degree now,\" said plastic and cosmetic surgeon Parag Sahasrabudhe, associate professor (plastic surgery) at BJMC.The Armed Forces Medical College (AFMC), Pune, is the only institute in western Maharashtra to offer a course in plastic surgery. \"It prefers students who have graduated from its own college and conducts a separate entrance examination,\" said Parag Sahasrabudhe, a plastic and cosmetic surgeon and associate professor (plastic surgery) at BJMC.After getting the state's approval, the college has applied to the Nasik-based Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS), which is responsible for conducting examinations and offering degrees in the state. All colleges and institutions imparting education in health sciences in Maharashtra are affiliated to MUHS.\"The MUHS has appointed an inspection committee to review the infrastructure of our college and respective units to gauge the feasibility of these courses. The inspection is likely to take place in the second or third week of February. After MUHS's recognition, we will have to apply to the Medical Council of India (MCI) for national recognition,\" said Sahasrabudhe.The MUHS recognition allows students to practise in Maharashtra but the MCI recognition will allow them to practise across the country. \"At present, the state government has given approval for two seats each in paediatric and plastic surgery. However, the final number of seats will depend on the committee's inspection report.\"At present, all the superspecialty medical professionals are under the general surgery department at Sassoon Hospital. \"Once we get recognition for the M.Ch course, a separate department will be formed for plastic surgery and paediatric surgery,\" he said.Though aesthetic or cosmetic surgery is the popular type of plastic surgery, most of the plastic surgeries are not cosmetic and it includes different types like microsurgery, hand surgery, reconstructive surgery and treatment of burns.\"Paediatric surgery takes care of the repair of congenital anomalies of all children including newborns and treatment of children trauma and all other surgical diseases of children up to 12 to 15 years of age,\" said Minakshi Bhosale, a paediatric surgeon at Sassoon Hospital.Colleges offering courses* 15 seats available in Maharashtra for M.Ch in plastic surgery. Four medical colleges in Mumbai - Grant Medical College, Nair Medical College, KEM Hospital and Sion Hospital and Government Medical College, Nagpur and AFMC, Pune, conduct the courses* 15 seats for paediatric surgery. They are at KEM Hospital, Sion Hospital, Nair Medical College and state-run J J Hospital in Mumbai* The paediatric surgery unit and plastic surgery unit at Sassoon Hospital have 20 beds eachEligibilityFor seeking admission to M.Ch in plastic surgery and paediatric surgery, candidates must have completed their MBBS with one-year internship and MS/DNB in surgery or orthopedic surgery from an institution approved by the Medical Council of India (MCI)Future prospectsM.Ch in plastic surgery and paediatric surgery offer adequate theoretical and practical knowledge to the students to undertake major surgeries with high-level of safety and these professional can find employment opportunities in critical care units in government/private hospitals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11398831", "title": "Rakshi Sawant shoots for Tollywood item number", "text": "Chhorara dil thamke dekhle, dekhe le rangeen Rakhi... the item girl, known as much for her generous hip-shaking as her not-so-generous comments off the dance floor, gave Kolkata a reason to put on its dancing shoes on Thursday.In town for her first Tollywood item number in actor-turned-MP Satabdi Roy's \" Om Shanti\", Rakhi Sawant did what she does best - fix all roving eyes on her!To begin with, her Tolly stint has left composer of the song - Samidh Mukerjee - mighty impressed. \"Rakhi couldn't thank me enough for making a song on her. She said she can dance to the number till 2 am!\" he says. Samidh, who features in the video as a Rakhi admirer, had to exchange a garland made out of currency notes with the lady. \"I faltered quite a bit. That's when Rakhi said: 'Aap mere aankhon mein aankhen dalke kijiye'. Whenever I would miss a step, Rakhi would more than make up for it. But all thanks to Shabina, the choreographer, that the item number has turned out so well,\" the composer adds. Apart from work, there was also a lot of chherkhaani, Rakhi style.While the bombshell was keen on wearing Samidh's sunglasses for quite a few shots, she could use it for only one. \"In one of the scenes, she sports my glasses. She wanted it for the other shots as well. But I told her that I have a show and can't do without my lucky charm,\" says Samidh. Rakhi chose not to sulk and carried on with the shoot, minus the glasses though.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11395592", "title": "Fog disrupts train movement", "text": "KANPUR: The fog is affecting the movement of trains. Several trains were running late on Friday. Hundreds of passengers were seen waiting at the Kanpur Central Railway Station. The worst hit were long distance trains.Over five dozen trains including Kalka Express, Jodhpur-Howrah, North East Express, Seemanchal Express, Mahananda Express were running late. A few trains were late by over 10 hours. Mahabodhi Express, Gomti Express, Kaifiyat Express were a few other trains that were running behind schedule.Hundreds of passengers were seen at the enquiry counters. The wait for the passengers was turning endless. The chilly winds gave a tough time to the passengers seated outside on the platforms.Prashant, a passenger said that his family felt drowsy after a long wait for Jodhpur-Howrah Express and slept therein.The railway staff kept on making announcements about the arrival of trains. Several patients got the reservation cancelled.The electronic information board installed at Cantt side of the railway station kept on maintaining the arrival timing of the trains that were running late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11396673", "title": "Untimely rain lashes city", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkatans woke up to an overcast sky resembling monsoon on Friday. A sharp spell of rain followed, making people wonder if this was indeed the peak of winter.Even meteorologists said rain at this time of the year was very uncommon and blamed it on Cyclone Thane. Its residual effects are playing havoc with winter's momentum in these parts and also led to the shower. According to the Met office, the weather is unlikely to change for now. Rain is forecast in Kolkata and other parts of South Bengal over the next few days.\"A cyclonic storm at this time of the season is very rare in the first place. Thane has created a disturbance in winter's path. Rain in this season is not at all usual. This rain was due to the combined impact of a cyclonic circulation over Jharkhand and adjoining areas and a high pressure belt over Bay of Bengal,\" said G K Das, meteorologist at the Regional Meteorological Centre, Alipore.A cyclonic circulation has developed in the lower atmosphere over Jharkhand and its adjoining areas apart from a high pressure belt over Bay of Bengal. As a result, there is abundant moisture in the air that is pushing the humidity level up.\"The sky will remain cloudy and there will be light and scattered rain in Kolkata and parts of south Bengal over the next three days. The night temperature, too, is expected to remain four to five degrees above normal during this time,\" added Das.Though Friday's maximum temperature at 26.5\u00b0C was a degree above normal, the minimum temperature was six degrees above normal at 20.0\u00b0C. The day temperature over the next few days is likely to remain two to three degrees below normal.The high pressure area has also blocked the path of the cold Northerly winds. But the Met office is hopeful of the winter chill returning in the first half of next week, once the sky clears. The shower on Friday morning was sharp in certain localities and light in others. Districts like Burdwan recorded 9 mm rainfall till 8.30 am.\"The morning shower was so unexpected. I had some plans lined up. But the rain played spoilsport and I had to abandon some of them,\" said musician Sanket Bhattacharya of Naktala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411509", "title": "Dancer A Lakshmanahswamy goes the classical way", "text": "For dancer A Lakshmanahswamy, known as A Lakshman, Margazhi has been no different this time.\"Classical is the way to go when it comes to my solo performances,\" he says, \"I've chosen to do a margam recital this time.\" He's looking forward to performing at the Tapas dance festival that kickstarts from today. Lakshman usually commences his classical performances with an invocation, followed by the main piece through Varnam, and a detailed Ashtapathy, which is much-appreciated by his audiences. Padams/javalis and the culmination in a Thillana follow next.\"I'm deeply inspired by the classical dance form of Bharatanatyam,\" states the dancer, whose favourite compositions are those that feature Lord Krishna, \"It has a certain richness that's complete with the many expressions that comes with it.\" Born in Malaysia , he later made Chennai his base. Here, he came under the direct tutelage of his late guru K J Sarasa.\"She was the one who taught me dance and the method of imparting this art form to youngsters as well. I benefitted a lot due to my training under her. I've also had the opportunity to learn under Sudharani Raghupathy, Professor C V Chandrashekar and Abhinaya exponent Kalanidhi Narayanan. What I have learnt is what I impart through my institute for classical arts in the city,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11395626", "title": "Schools to remain closed till Jan 13", "text": "KANPUR: Keeping in view the intense cold weather conditions prevailing in the region, the district magistrate has extended the date of re-opening of schools. The schools affiliated to all the boards like ICSE and CBSE have been instructed to keep the schools closed for students upto class VIII. This instruction would remain in place till January 13.However, these instructions would not applicable to the students of secondary and higher secondary standards (class IX to XII)In many schools which were open, the attendant dipped to 40 per cent as the students were either ill or unable to bear the morning chill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11394088", "title": "Decision on school bus strike on Monday", "text": "PUNE: A 10-member committee consisting of bus owners and state transport department officials has been formed to solve the impending issues of school bus policy introduced by the state government.A preliminary meeting of the committee members is scheduled on Monday in Mumbai when the decision on the indefinite strike will be reviewed depending on the outcome of the meeting.The committee was formed, after a meeting of representatives and school bus owners was held in Mumbai last week with state transport commissioner V N More to discuss and solve the issues.The committee will be chaired by state joint transport commissioner S B Sahasrabuddhe with four officials from the state transport department and five representatives of the school bus owners association.Baba Shinde, president of Maharashtra Goods and Passenger Transport Association, said, \"We have submitted a list of our demands and alterations to be made in the policy guidelines to the transport commissioner. A discussion on the same will be held on Monday.\"Asked if the bus owners will go ahead with the indefinite strike during second week of January as declared last month, Shinde said, \"The decision will depend on the outcome of the meeting.\"He added, \"The transport department issued a set of safety guidelines last year and making few changes in the guidelines, the education department also issued a government resolution on December 15, 2011. It is confusing as to whom we should follow and this will also be one of the major points of discussion during the meeting.\"The bus owners have been insisting since the beginning that the guidelines have been framed without consulting them. Other points on which they differ include the mandatory appointment of female attendants, installation of support poles in buses, 8-inch ground clearance for the first step at the entry door and 5-inch grill or bar on the window for the safety of students among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394101", "title": "HC fines Dikshit for delaying reply", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit was slapped with a fine of Rs 3,000 by the Delhi high court on Friday for failing to file a reply in a defamation suit filed by her against state BJP chief Vijender Gupta.Justice Kailash Gambhir imposed the fine as Dikshit's counsel sought further adjournment of the case, saying they needed more time to file the reply to Gupta's contention questioning the high court's power to hear her defamation suit against him. Giving last opportunity to Dikshit's counsel, Justice Kailash Gambhir posted the matter for March 15.Gupta's counsel, Ajay Digpaul, opposed Dikshi's plea, pointing out that for the past four hearings, her counsel had sought adjournment without filing the reply to Gupta's plea. The CM has filed the suit against Gupta for allegedly erecting hoardings across the city accusing her government of corruption in deciding the new power tariff and conniving with the private discoms.Dikshit has demanded a token Re 1 as damages in her suit. She has alleged that the BJP under Gupta's leadership erected hoardings in June 2010, which said her government had \"openly looted thousands of crores of rupees\". The suit says Gupta got hoardings put up, accusing the Congress government in Delhi of misrepresenting facts before the Delhiites on the power tariff. The advertisements also claimed that DERC was going to recommend reduction in the tariff but the \"chief minister came in the way\".Dikshit moved court after Gupta refused to tender a \"public apology for the slander\" as demanded by her. Gupta had maintained that he would reply in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "11403170", "title": "Pakistan should tie up with Israel: Musharraf", "text": "JERUSALEM: Pakistan should be open to the idea of establishing relations with Israel in order to counter the \"pro-India\" stand usually adopted by it on key issues like Kashmir, former President Pervez Musharraf has said.Musharraf said the Jewish state is a fait accompli and relations with it can help Islamabad come closer to the strong Jewish lobby in the US and in its conflict against India.\"Pakistan has to keep demanding the resolution of the Palestinian dispute... (but) Pakistan also needs to keep readjusting its diplomatic stand toward Israel based on the mere fact that it exists and is not going away,\" said Musharraf, who plans to return to Pakistan from self-exile later this month.It would be in Pakistan's interest to get closer to Israel to counter the \"pro-India\" stand usually adopted by Israel, Musharraf told the Haaretz newspaper.\"The issue of India is another sensitivity in Pakistan ? Israel has always been pro-India against Pakistan,\" he said in his first-ever interview with an Israeli newspaper.He acknowledged that Israel had not had the opportunity to forge relations with Pakistan.\"That's right. But that does not mean you should be actively anti-Pakistan, supporting India on important issues such as the Kashmir dispute, advising them, and cooperating on intelligence, which is a very big deal.\"Pakistan adjusting its stance toward Israel has the advantage of possibly breaking those anti-Pakistan activities,\" he said.Musharraf said Israel was \"a fait accompli\" and many in the Muslim world have understood this.Musharraf said that \"many Muslim countries have relations with Israel, whether above board or covertly... So this is the change in reality I am talking about\".Musharraf said he had tested waters on the issue of establishing relations with Israel when he was in power in Pakistan.He said he had made statements about establishing ties with Israel and spoken to the American Jewish Congress, and the \"responses were positive\".\"We have been anti-Israel in Pakistan because of Palestine , because the Pakistani people are on the side of the Palestinians and are concerned for their plight,\" he said.Defying popular sentiment in Pakistan, he shook hands with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon at the UN, spoke to the American Jewish Congress as the Head of the State and sent his foreign minister Khurshid Mahmoud Kasuri to meet the then Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom in Istanbul in 2005.\"... I believe in realism and in assessing ground realities. I think it's necessary to understand the changing environment, analyse it - and respond. A lot has happened since '48, and one has to adjust. Policies are made, yes, but when the environment changes, policies should change. Policies should not remain constant,\" he said justifying his gestures towards the Jewish state.Musharraf further acknowledged there was a risk in this initiative.\"Pakistan, like Israel, is an ideological state... Which goes toward explaining why Pakistani Muslims are much more sensitive about Islam than most other Muslim countries... So we are wholly sensitive to the Palestinian plight and any new initiative regarding Israel has to be proposed very delicately\".There is a \"dislike of Israel\" in Pakistan but no anti-Semitism as there are not many Jews living in the country, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "11393648", "title": "Aghadi merges with Congress in Ulhasnagar", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: The Konark Vikas Aghadi has merged with the Congress just ahead of the Ulhasnagar municipal council elections, giving a boost to the latter. The Aghadi was registered three years ago and was preparing to contest the elections from all 78 seats. the sudden merger with the Congress shocked rival parties in city. the Aghadihas a lot of supporters from the business community. Out of 78 seats in the UMC the Congress has only six seats. On Friday, in the presence of Congress state general secretary Ganesh Patil, all the Konark Vikas Aghadi supporters under chief Nand Jethani joined the party. But sources said some Congress corporators are unhappy over the decision to merge the party. These corporators were opposing a move to privatise water supply in city, the contract for which was given to Konark Infrastructure owned by Konark Vikas Aghadi party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396116", "title": "IB roped in to keep watch on rare bird poachers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Now, officers of the state Intelligence Bureau (IB) will be roped in to keep an eye on poachers along the Gujarat coast.Rattled by the poaching of 64 flamingos, the state forest department has decided to step up vigil and surveillance along Gujarat's coast which is particularly vulnerable to poachers. Sources said that the crime cell of the forest department will use the intelligence network of the bureau for getting vital information about the illegal activities along the coast.The IB staff will not only help forest officials gather information about flamingos but also give information on animals including lions.At a meeting held in Gandhinagar on Friday, the forest department decided to form a special task force which will keep a strict vigil along the coast. They will also be responsible for setting up an intelligence network that shall specifically collect information about poachers' movements. The task force will comprise four-five officials from sachivalaya, forest department and some wildlife experts. Wherever the team travels, they will involve local officials for search and surveillance.\"These informers will alert the forest staff and also the task force of any illegal activity,\" said S K Nanda, principal secretary, forest and environment department.Senior officials said the local NGOs working along the coast and especially the fishermen community will be roped in for getting information about any illegal activity.Forest officials also said that the Van Sahayaks and Van Mitras too have been asked to keep an eye on kite flying especially in the night. He said that the agencies which are involved in the rescue operation will also be roped in so that their people all along the coast come in handy for the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11395760", "title": "Indore retailers off to early stock clearance", "text": "INDORE: A host of retailers including some major apparel brands in Indore city have gone in for seasonal sale earlier this year in view of wedding season. Biglife, Central and Westside are some of the big brands, which kicked off month-long sale from Friday. The sale will enable those in the trade to stock fresh arrivals. Normally, the retailers go for clearance sales during month-end.A Biglife spokesman said in normal days, they are able to sell only up to Rs 6-7 lakh worth products. However it goes up to Rs 10 lakh during the sale season, he added.Piyush Tiwary, operating marketing head, Indore Central, said our seasonal sales would begin from Saturday. \"We are offering discounts on autumn winter in the range of 15-61%. Our offer closes on January 12,\" Tiwary added.Westside is among the first to launch sales offer. Vinod Melwani, stores manager, Westside, said we had started our sales on December 29 and it would continue till January 30. We are able to sell 5,000 pieces per day during current sales. Though we are offering discounts up to 60%, we are giving a flat discount of 25% on winterwear during sale. Dhruv Agrawal, project head, U-Turn, said, \"We have no plan as of now. Rather, we will be doing it in the last week of the month. We are planning to offer discount up to 40% to clear the stock.\" Another retailer, Easy Day, has no plans to go for seasonal sale at the moment. Our prices are already touching rock bottom, said a company spokesman. Agrawal Stores has yet to decide about the sale. Girish Agrawal of Agrawal Stores said, \"We are getting new stocks as a continued process and hence no decision on timing of the sale.\"Jade Blue has not yet decided about the sale this year. It may go for sale either by month-end or at the start of next month. Discount may be offered up to 40% on fabric dress material during the sale. \"We have no plans to give any discount on ethnic wear,\" said the company spokesman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393551", "title": "'Hoopla on NSA imposition unfounded'", "text": "PATNA: Unnecessary hype was created on Friday with regard to the government's order on the renewal of the exercise of powers by respective 38 district magistrates (DMs) under their jurisdiction under the National Security Act (NSA), 1980, in the state.The state's home department issued the mandatory order early this week regarding the renewal of the exercise of powers by the DMs under Section 3 of the NSA for three months, beginning January 1, 2012. Even as the issuance of the renewal order is of the nature of routine exercise on the part of the state home department, a section of the media picked up the thread from there and gave a projection as if the state was having, or faced with, serious law and order problem, requiring the imposition of the NSA for three months.\"I must say at the outset that there is nothing new, nothing extraordinary, and nothing sensational about the matter -- the renewal order,\" said home department principal secretary Amir Subhani, when contacted for his comments. \"It is an absolutely routine matter as far as the department is concerned. The issuance of the renewal order was a routine exercise,\" he reiterated. As Subhani put it, in fact, the NSA was already under uniform imposition all over the state, and it has been so ever since the Act was framed.However, as sources said, since checks and balances in the exercise of power under the NSA have to be maintained, and is also inbuilt to the Act, the NSA has to be applied only in a circumspect manner by the order of the DMs concerned.Besides, since the exercise of powers enjoined by the Act have to be vested in the DMs concerned, the renewal of the vesting of that power with the DMs under the NSA is done every third month in a routine manner in accordance with the Section 3 of the Act, while the respective DMs exercise that power as per Section 2 of the Act. \"Moreover, the clause of renewal, and the renewal of the use of that power every third month, also act as a check on the likely unbridled use of power by the DMs,\" explained a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395572", "title": "Explain RTE violation, rights panel tells school", "text": "BHOPAL: State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) members on Friday sought an explanation from the principal of Carmel Convent School, BHEL for an alleged violation of Right to Education (RTE). The action comes a day after parents of standard V students complained that a teacher subjected them to mental torture. The SCPCR directed the school principal to \"create awareness\" among primary class teachers.On Thursday due to absence of the teacher, Blessy Thomas, in the last class of the day, a few students of standard V were not observing discipline in the class. The teacher then ordered them to write \"Sorry, I will not be indisciplined in class again 500 times.\"The SCPCR members presented a copy of the RTE Act to the principal and she was instructed to put the article on display boards. It was suggested that a seminar on RTE awareness should be conducted among primary section teachers.Following complaints, a two-member team of SCPCR RH Lata and Vibhangshu Joshi had gone to the school for inspection.While talking to media, principal Sr Reji sought to defend the teacher, Blessy, almost condoning the incident. She said, \"The matter should have been reported to me first. She (Blessy) is a senior teacher. I am sure she did not actually want the children to follow it to the hilt.\"A student of class V of the school, said, \"Many of us had left the classroom. The ringing of bell in another two minutes would have signalled the end of the class. Some girls were talking when Blessy Ma'am called for everyone.\"\"We were then given the task of writing down the phrase 500 times. We were told to get it signed by our father as mothers generally would go soft on their children,\" she said.Another student said, \"Even though I was not present in the class when the incident took place, I had to follow orders given by the teacher. It took us more than three hours to write the phrase.\"The commission members explained to the principal Section 17 of the RTE Act, according to which mental and physical torture is prohibited.Sr Reji replied that the school had already issued a letter to the teacher and she had apologised to the principal. The commission members also spoke to teacher concerned about the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11395536", "title": "'Need to create more opportunities for self-employment'", "text": "VARANASI: The fortnightly workshop on 'Self employment and employment generation', jointly organised by BHU and MSME, Allahabad began on Rajiv Gandhi South Campus, Barkachcha (Mirzapur), on Friday.Former vice chancellor, CCS University, Meerut, Prof SP Ojha inaugurated the workshop. He stressed on the need to create more opportunities for self-employment to reduce unemployment in the country. He also urged the youngsters to optimise resources and facilities to maximize benefits.As per RS Mishra, programme coordinator, a total of 104 participants from different districts of east UP region would participate in the workshop. A number of lectures on different aspects of self employment and employment generation would be delivered by resource persons in the respective field, he added. The programme would culminate on January 21.A number of faculty members including chairman, Student Council, BHU, KK Singh, programme director, RP Shukla and assistant coordinator, Anil Singh were also present on the occasion.Finals: Hosts BHU scored 121/6 in 57 overs in the finals of All India Inter University Cricket (Men) Tournament on Friday.According to Rajeev Vyas, organising secretary, the two-day final match lasting 80 overs per inning got a delayed start due to poor visibility under foggy conditions in the day. Batting first, the host team lost wickets at regular interval and ended the day at 121/6 against last-year winner GNDU, Amritsar. The remaining part of the match would be played on Saturday (January 7).In earlier match held in the day, Mumbai University defeated Jain University, Bangalore to secure third place in the tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396073", "title": "Fake CBI officer nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A youth was arrested for posing as a CBI cop from near Navgujarat College on Friday. Police identified the impersonator as Vivek Gupta.According to Naranpura police officials, Gupta was caught by students of Navgujarat College after he started asking their identity cards, posing as an assistant superintendent of police with CBI. When Gupta told the youths that he suspected them to be drug peddlers, one of them called up his uncle working in a security agency.\"When the youth's uncle arrived he asked for Gupta's ID card. Suspecting him to be fake, the youths dragged him to the police station where he broke down and confessed to the fraud and said he wanted to dupe students. He said he worked as a bank official in Mumbai,\" said a Naranpura police official.\"Gupta has the ID card of branch manager of Oriental Bank of Commerce in Mumbai, which we suspect to be a fake one. We've intimated the bank to cross check this,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11395530", "title": "4 killed in SUV-bus collision", "text": "VARANASI: Four persons including a woman were killed and three others sustained injuries when an SUV collided with a bus in Kaithi area under Chaubeypur police station limits on Friday.According to reports, the SUV (a jeep) carrying seven persons from Ghazipur was heading towards Varanasi when it collided with a bus going towards Ghazipur in Kaithi area. Four persons - Sunita Devi (38), Akhilesh Yadav (40), Feku (41) and driver Babloo (30) - were killed on the spot. Sunita's infant child and two others - Durgawati Devi and Ramdhani - were injured in the mishap. They were rushed to the hospital where the condition of infant was stated to be serious.One dies: Fahim Ahmed (30), a cleaner of a truck, lost his life after he was run over by another truck in Mohansarai bypass area under Rohaniya police station limits on Friday. According to reports, Fahim, a native of Allahabad, was taking rest on the ground in the back side of his parked truck when another truck crushed him. The truck driver fled from the scene.Auto-lifters arrested: The Sarnath police nabbed two-members of an inter-district gang of auto-lifters on Friday. The police recovered seven stolen motorcycles from them. According to reports, acting on a tip-off, the police arrested Chandan Yadav and Dharmendra Yadav, both natives of Ghazipur district. One of their accomplices Krishna Kumar Yadav managed to escape. The gang was active in several districts of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11396364", "title": "Adarsh panel term extended to May 31", "text": "MUMBAI: A day before the expiry of its term, chief minster Prithviraj Chavan on Friday extended the term of the judicial commission set up to probe the Adarsh housing society scam to May 31, 2012.\"Although we can't direct the commission, we feel that the commission on its own will submit an interim report on the status of the land, and if there was reservation for Kargil war heroes,'' a senior official said.The commission set up to probe the Adarsh scam got an extension till May from CM Prithviraj Chavan.The panel which was set up on January 7, 2010, was supposed to function for three months, but its term was extended to January 7, 2011. On December 7, 2011, the commission sought an extension from the state to August 31, 2012.As per the terms of reference, the commission will complete its inquiry and submit its report to the state government within three months or within a time as extended by the state government from time to time and it may also submit such interim reports , concerning such matters in the terms of reference , as it may deem fit. \"The terms of reference are clear, we can't compel the commission to submit an interim report. Our officials will soon call on the commission secretary with a plea for an interim report,'' the official said.Among the 13-odd terms of reference, the commission has been asked to submit a report on the ownership of land and whether there was reservation for Kargil war heroes. The CBI has already registered a criminal case against 14 persons, including Ashok Chavan , former municipal commissioner Jairaj Phatak and former urban development secretary Ramanand Tiwari.The commission has recorded the statements of Phatak, Tiwari, Subhash Lala and will record the statements of Ashok Chavan, Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11394067", "title": "Kannada school teachers threaten to intensify stir", "text": "DHARWAD: Teachers of private unaided Kannada schools who are on hunger strike in Dharwad demanding release of funds under grant-in-aid scheme have decided to intensify their stir. A coordination committee comprising representatives from several organizations, in a bid to take the agitation to the logical end, has called for statewide closure of schools and colleges on January 12.Chairman of the coordination committee and farmers' leader B S Soppin said members from other organizations had to step in to support teachers as the government had been apathetic to their pleas.The teachers are staging a relay hunger strike in front of the office of additional commissioner of public instruction since last 15 days and there has been no relief in sight.On Thursday MLC and former minister for primary and secondary education Basavaraj Horatti visited the agitating teachers and blamed the government and primary and secondary education minister Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri for the plight of the teachers. The then chief minister B S Yeddyurappa who was holding the finance portfolio had during his budget speech in 2007 announced that the government would extend the grant-in aid facility to the schools opened between 1987 and 1995.According to sources, the finance department had agreed to the proposal on the condition that it would be done in a phased manner. While the grant-in-aid was provided to nearly 60 per cent of the schools the remaining 667 schools are yet to get it. So far the schools started up to 1991 have been provided grant-in-aid.Sources said to meet the demands of the remaining 40 per cent of the schools, the government needs Rs 400 crore. The department of education is awaiting clearance from the finance department to extend the facility to the remaining schools.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, who is also in charge of finance, has reiterated that the government was committed to fulfill the teachers' demand. Sources said the CM would get the clearance from the finance department and get necessary funds to bring all the eligible schools under grant-in-aid and make provision for it in the next budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11395998", "title": "Fracture Gang storms Odhav thrashes traders, policemen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a scene straight out of a Bollywood masala flick where five goons stormed market of Arbudanagar in Odhav and assaulted local traders and two constables on Thursday night. The incident sparked protest among traders as they observed bandh on Friday.Police said that the goons were members of the Fracture Gang. Eyewitnesses said the gangsters randomly started targeting shops, picking up delicacies from a roadside eatery for free and beating up traders who dared to defy them.Armed with swords, hockey sticks and lathis, the goons unleashed such a terror that about 200 shops in the market downed their shutter in a matter of minutes. Two constables from Odhav police station - Dharmendrasinh Waghela and Rajendrasinh Zala - were beaten up by the gang members when they arrived at the scene after one of the traders called up the city police control room.The constables relayed the message to the police station after which a team of 50 policemen came to their rescue and chased the gang members away. Two of the gangsters, Suresh Goswami and Santosh Yadav alias Guru, were nabbed by the cops.Senior police officials rushed to the spot after the news late on Thursday night and mounted vigil for the accused in the case. Parixita Rathod, deputy commissioner of police, Zone V, was not available for comment. C N Rajput, assistant commissioner of police, I Division, told TOI that the manhunt for other Fracture Gang members is on. \"We have got names of the accused involved in the incident. However, it appears to be a solitary incident quite different from regular activities of the gang,\" he said.There were rumours that Odhav police station inspector J H Panchal was transferred due to pressure from the traders' lobby. However, when Panchal was contacted by TOI late on Friday night, he denied having received any order in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401179", "title": "Amanda Seyfried splits from boyfriend", "text": "Amanda Seyfried has split with her latest boyfriend.The 'In Time' actress - who has previously dated Ryan Phillippe and Dominic Cooper - has split from New York based real estate executive Andrew Joblon after four months of dating.A source told Life &amp; Style: \"They're definitely over. He celebrated New Year's Eve in Aspen and she wasn't there!\"\"[The split] happened gradually over time. They still talk. They aren't what they were, but they still hang out and are on great terms.\"Amanda, 26, began dating Andrew, 28, a few months after she split from 'Lincoln Lawyer' star Ryan, 37.Amanda recently starred in 'In Time' with Justin Timberlake and admitted she had a crush on her co-star, who has since gone on to propose to Jessica Biel .She previously said: \"Oh yeah of course I fancy Justin, I've known him for a while, he's awesome.\"In the movie our characters have this instant connection. They immediately flirt and it's awesome but then he takes her hostage because that's the only way he sees to get out of this situation he's in. And then she's confused and their dynamic changes and it's sexy and great.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393837", "title": "B N College likely to be re-accredited by NAAC", "text": "PATNA: B N College, a constituent unit of Patna University (PU), which was recently accorded the 'College with Potential for Excellence (CPE)' status by the UGC, is likely to be re-accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) soon.College principal K K Maltiar said that the college has already applied for its re-accreditation and a peer team of the UGC would be visiting the college for assessment in the last week of March. The college was first accredited by the NAAC in 2004 with B++ grade. Even though its re-accreditation was due in 2009 itself, the college could not apply for it earlier due to some technical reasons. Now, the college is aspiring for a better grade following its re-accreditation, said the principal.Meanwhile, the Patna Science College, which was accredited by the NAAC with B++ grade in 2006, is also making necessary preparations for its re-accreditation this year, said principal Kashi Nath.New appointments: Patna Science College chemistry department head Udar Jha has been appointed the new head of PU chemistry department in place of Ram Jatan Sinha following the completion of his three-year term. PU Institute of Psychological Research and Service director Veena Sinha has been appointed the head of PU psychology department in place of Prabha Shukla. Meera Sinha has been appointed the new director of the institute in place of Veena, according to a PU notification.Award to PU teacher: PU zoology teacher D K Paul has been awarded 'Congress of Zoology Award 2011' by the Zoological Survey of India for his significant contributions to life sciences. He was presented this award at the 22nd All India Congress of Zoology and National Seminar on 'Recent Advances in Biological Sciences: Biodiversity and Human Welfare' jointly organized by the University of Lucknow and the Zoological Survey of India from December 29 to 31. Earlier, he was awarded Senior Scientist Gold Medal Award by the International Consortium of Contemporary Biologists and Madhavi Shyam Educational Trust.Member elected: B N College principal and geography teacher K K Maltiar has been elected member of the International Cartography Association Commission on Map Projection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11396725", "title": "Norway agency won\u2019t return kids", "text": "KOLKATA: The Norwegian childcare agency that forcefully took away an Indian couple's two children refused to return them despite the intervention of an Indian diplomat.On Friday, Anurup Bhattacharya, who works as a geoscientist, went to the office of the childcare agency along with his lawyer to discuss the fate of the children, Avigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1). \"The agency officials asked me to submit my passport along with those of my children, as my visa will expire in March. They told me that it was my responsibility to get the visa of my children extended. Then I told them that I would prefer to return to India along with my children and so, I am not keen on extending my visa. The officials then tried to force me to submit the passports,\" Anurup alleged.He was then threatened by the agency officials, said Anurup. \"They said if I avoided my 'parental responsibility', they would arrange the extension of my children's visa and arrange for their stay in Norway till they turn 18. They also threatened to start a new case against me for avoiding my parental responsibility,\" Anurup alleged.Anurup said he was also asked to sign a document denouncing his rights as a parent of the children, but he did not sign it. The couple is willing to return to India, but if the legal battle continues, they will obviously need to extend their visas. Anurup's lawyer argued that the children were Indian citizens and should be allowed to leave for India on humanitarian grounds. But the childcare agency would have none of it.Anurup and his wife Sagarika had seen a little ray of hope on Wednesday when P Balachandran, the first secretary (political) of Indian embassy in Oslo, met them at their Stavanger home and held a discussion with the childcare agency. The diplomat had lobbied for the reunion of the children with their parents. He had also assured the couple that he was trying to withdraw the cases framed against them, so they can be reunited with their children.Anurup said he had already contacted Balachandran again. \"I am writing to Unicef as well for help, as the Norwegian agency is abusing the human rights of my children. We could not even organize my daughter's rice-eating ceremony as she was placed with foster parents when she was five months old. Her speech development has been affected as she is confused now, being placed with a Norwegian foster-care family,\" he said.Sagarika is now turning into a mental patient with her dreams of being reunited with her children being crushed again. She wept all day and fears she will never be reunited with her children. \"How can I live on,\" she mumbled.Moreover, Anurup now suffers from a rare disease called haemochromatosis, which means his body is producing excess iron. \"Almost every week, a litre of blood needs to be removed from my body to reduce the iron level to normal,\" Anurup said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11389080", "title": "Working with Kareena is such a joy:Imran Khan", "text": "There are no small parts, only small actors, says Imran Khan who talks about the high points of 2011 and his desire to star in a female-centric flick in the futureYear 2011 has been pretty good for you on the box office front... I don't believe in measuring the success of a year based on my professional life. For me, a year is fantastic only if I've achieved my goals, personally and professionally. The year 2011 will be a high point for me because it was the year I married Avantika. My journey with her has been great. I couldn't have asked for more. Yes, on the professional front too, both my films \"Delhi Belly\" and \"Mere Brother Ki Dulhan\" did well at the box office... So, yes, the year has been good.So you expect the good run to continue this year as well? Well, in our business you never know what to expect. Everything is so unpredictable that no matter who you are - big star or small -you have to leave everything to fate. As far as I'm concerned, I believe in giving my best. After that I just sit back and let the audience decide the fate of the film. But yes, as an actor I do try to do something different each time.\"Delhi Belly\" was different from the usual Imran Khan fare. But then after that you did \"MBKD\" and now, \"Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu\". Critics say it's a return to your comfort zone. I don't think so. Look, I believe in striking a balance as an actor. With \"Delhi Belly\" I went risque and then to balance that out I did \"MBKD\", which was a complete masala flick. Similarly, now I'm doing \"EMAEK\", which is a typical commercial fare that the usual movie-goer likes. After that I'll be starting work on Vishal Bharadwaj's \"Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola\", which again is not commercial.Yes, post \"DB\" people expected me to do movies like that, but no one knows that the film sat in the cans for three years with no one willing to buy it. I don't believe in restricting myself at all. And honestly it's tough to know what the audience will like.So how do you decide on your films? Like I said, you cannot second guess the audience. You make a film and by the time it reaches the theatres, it's almost a year and by then, the tastes of the audience has changed. So, I chose my films depending on what I would like to see. I ask myself if this is the film I would watch and only then do I sign on the dotted line. Apart from that, the script, director and producer are very important to me. The script has to be appealing and entertaining. The director - even if he is a first-time filmmaker - needs to know how to translate the story on celluloid. And finally a good producer is important to market your film well to the audience. See, it's tough to make a movie relevant with times. I think it's a movie that makes time relevant. Look at \"DDLJ\" or \"Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak\" - people watch them even today.Coming to \"EMAET\", many are drawing similarities to the Hollywood flick \"What Happens in Vegas\". The only similarity between our film and \"What Happens In Vegas\" is that the characters get married in Vegas after a drunken night in town. But this premise has been used in other films as well - \"Hangover\", \"Two to Tango\" heck, even in an episode on \"Friends\", Ross and Rachael get married after a drunken night. But that's where the similarity ends. \"EMAET\" is a coming of age film. My character is rather sad, because he has never done anything fun in life. He has only done what his parents tell him. And this changes after he meets Kareena's character. So, rest assured, there are absolutely no similarities between our film and the Ashton Kutcher-Cameron Diaz flick.The film is also been talked about for your pairing with Kareena. Ah! Working with Kareena is such a joy. I've been friends with director Shakun Batra since my \"Jaane Tu...\" days and he wrote the script keeping Kareena and me in mind. When I read the script, I knew exactly why the movie needed an actor like Kareena. Her character has shaped up so well and to tell you the truth, no one could have played that role other than her.Do you mind playing second fiddle to an actress in a film? I always believe in one thing - there are no small parts, only small actors. I would love to do a role in a heroine-centric film. Look at what Vidya did in \"The Dirty Picture\". She carried the entire film on her shoulders and it's one of the top grossers of 2011. You know, there is no dearth of good leading ladies in our industry. It's only the scripts that fail them. Once you have a strong script for them in place, it works wonders. Hats off to directors like Milan Luthria who came up with \"TDP\". Priyanka propelled \"Fashion\" to number one slot, Vidya did the same with \"TDP\", and now Kareena will steal the show with \"Heroine\" later this year.Any wish-list for 2012? I don't have any expectations as such. I don't believe in them. I only hope that my endeavors bear fruit this year too. As a person, I'm very optimistic in nature. I take life head-on and see the best in it. Hopefully, the outcome of this year too will be great.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11395897", "title": "Applicant receives e-governance response after four years", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It took over four years for the government to respond to a query under the e-governance system. It all started in 2007 when Satyajit Nayak, a city-based civil engineer sent his first e-mail to state information and public relations department (I&PR;) seeking photographs of some late Odia personalities. But he got the reply only on December 30, 2011.\"An I&PR; department officer finally responded a few days ago only after I sent 166 remainders. Copy of each reminder was also emailed to the chief minister,\" Nayak said.A resident of Dhenkanal, Nayak had first sent an email to the department (iprsec@ori.nic.in) on March 26, 2007 seeking photographs of 21 persons, many of whom played key roles in the formation of Odisha. The list included Madhusudan Das, Gopabandhu Das, Fakir Mohan Senapati and Gangadhar Meher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11394889", "title": "Holiday with Big B on Munish's mind", "text": "The world would come to an end on December 21, 2012! This is what the ancient Mayans would have us believe, having had predicted this thousands of years ago. Almost all scoff at such predictions and rightly so. However, there are some who harbour thoughts of what they would like to do before the end comes. Ludhiana, Times of India checks out the wish list of some LudhianvisDURGI: Ask entrepreneur Munish Dewan of Dugri Phase-III what he would like to do before the world's last day and he immediately brings out a long list of wishes that range from taking Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan for a holiday in Switzerland to eating biryani from a Turkish-Indian restaurant to setting up a management consultancy college.Prioritizing his wishes, Dewan, 34, said the first thing he wants to do is to set up a college as a centre of excellence. \"As an entrepreneur in education sector, this has been a longstanding dream. My second wish is to take my parents V R Dewan and Shashi Dewan for a trip to Leh and Ladakh in my Xylo car. After I bought the car in Mumbai, my wife Pooja and sons Mrigesh and Manan drove down with me to Ludhiana in the car but I haven't been able to take my parents for a long ride. Ladakh region is famous for its beauty so that's where we want to go. I want to take them back to their ancestral village, Sodhra of Gujranwala in Pakistan , too,'' he said, adding that he also wants to take his entire family for a tour of European countries.Dewan, who declares that he is crazy about music, wants to record and release a music album. \"I love Muhammad Rafi and Mohinder Kapoor, particularly their 'Aye mere watan ke logon' and 'Hai preet jahaan ki reet sada'. Among the new singers I like Shreya Ghoshal and her song 'Falak par saath chal mere'. They have influenced me so much that I want to make my own album too and sing against corruption,'' he said.Among his many loves, cricket figures high up and he wants to have dinner with Rahul Dravid because \"he has remained dedicated and committed to the Indian team.'' Dewan said he thinks Amitabh Bachchan is a living legend. \"He is a complete package in life and I would love to take him on a holiday to Switzerland and learn from him about life,'' he added.Dubb biryani from the Turkish-Indian restaurant and Mughlai vegetarian food from Pinjore gardens near Chandigarh are Dewan's favourite dishes so he wants to relish them before doomsday. But that's not all, he also wants to go for a bike ride to the Himalayas on his Enfield bullet 350 with his friend Venu Gopal. \"That trip would be soothing,'' said Dewan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "buxar", "code": "11393395", "title": "Two killed in train accident", "text": "BUXAR: Two persons were killed and one seriously injured when Seemanchal Express (2487 Up) rammed into a tractor at Pawani Kamarpur halt near the Buxar railway station on Mughalsarai-Danapur rail section on Friday morning.According to eyewitnesses, the incident occurred at around 8.30am. Three persons from Pawani Kamarpur village were going to Buxar town on a tractor when it was hit by the train.RPF inspector AK Shahi said the deceased have been identified as Mateshwari Devi (40) and Dhanji Gond (28). Tractor driver Ravindra Sah was referred to Patna Medical College and Hospital in a serious condition.Danapur DRM L M Jha, who visited the spot and took stock of the situation, told mediapersons that the gateman deputed at the halt, Bhikhari Prasad, said that the gate was forcibly opened by tractor owner Dhanji Gond. \"The incident will be probed,\" he said. The DRM gave Rs15,000 to the kin of each victim. RPF commandant Pranav Kumar and Danapur DCM (railway) accompanied the DRM.Earlier on December 13, 2011, a school van was damaged by Magadh Express at the same place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hazaribagh", "code": "11396560", "title": "VBU teachers demand sixth pay panel scales", "text": "HAZARIBAGH: Teachers of Vinoba Bhave University (VBU) staged a daylong dharna on Friday in front of the office of the vice-chancellor on Friday to protest the failure of the University to implement the 6th Pay Commission recommendation.The dharna paralyzed the functioning in all 100 colleges of the university in Hazaribag and other parts of North Chhotanagpur division.\"A decision was taken here at the governing body meeting of the association that from Saturday the teachers will wear black badges but will take classes till January the 9,\" said president of the association, Bipin Kumar.\"After this, we have decided to go on mass casual leave on Januray 10 and then on an indefinite strike from February 1 if their demands are not met with by that time,\" said Kumar.In a resolution passed in Friday's meeting, the agitating staff regretted that though the government has already ordered VBU to implement the 6th Pay Commission recommendation, the latter has not done so with retrospective effect from March 2011.Kumar said, \"Though the VBU did very well in taking up research projects as per the UGC guideline, it failed to fulfil the genuine demands of the teachers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11396038", "title": "Government warns of stern action", "text": "KENDRAPADA: After opening the camp office at Nuagaon, Posco officials had entrusted Dadhibamana committee of the village to guard the office.Senior Congress leader and sarpanch of Nuagaon, Bhaskar Swain, said Posco established the camp office illegally. \"The company pays money to some locals to guard their office. Some retired policemen were also engaged by Posco as security guards. The company has no right to open its office in Nuagaon,\" Swain said.At least 2,900 acres of the total land required for the project is forest land. Authorities said villagers have encroached upon large patches of the land illegally and they need to be vacated.\"After acquiring about 2,000 acres of land in Polanga, Noliasahi, Nuagaon and other villages last year, the authority wants to acquire 2,000 acres more for the South Korean steel company in three gram panchayats of Dhinkia, Nuagaon and Gadakujang shortly. The authority will take stern action against villagers who have been creating problems for us to start land acquisition and construction works,\" said Surjit Das, additional district magistrate (ADM) of Paradip.On December 14 last year, a supporter of a construction company, engaged in the construction of a coastal road in the region, was killed during a clash with anti-Posco villagers. Police arrested former MLA and CPI leader Narayan Reddy and the controversial contractor and trade union leader Bapi Sarkhel two weeks ago in this connection.Earlier on November 1 last year, S N Singh, deputy general manager of Posco, Sangram Mohapatra, general manager of IDCO, and three officials were attacked by anti-land acquisition villagers in Nuagaon while they were going to the village to chop off trees and demolish prawn farms to make way for the steel plant.Four months ago, senior Posco officials were detained by villagers in Nuagaon for four hours. Police had to rush to the village to free the officials from the custody of the villagers, the Kujang police station officer reminded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394192", "title": "High court orders police protection for bar exam", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has ordered the director-general of police to provide adequate police protection for the smooth conduct of the All India Bar Examination (AIBE), which is mandatory for lawyers to start practicing in courts, on January 8.Justice S Rajeswaran, declining to stay the examination, asked the HC registry to communicate the order to the DGP by a special messenger so that adequate arrangements could be put in place.The judge was passing orders on a writ petition filed by Deepika Murali, who was allotted an examination centre in Trichy. Assailing the 'arbitrary' allotment of the centre without any prior intimation, her counsel Sudha Ramalingam sought a stay on the examination.The bar council's counsel, S R Rajagopal, however, submitted that nearly 25,000 wrote the examination throughout the country, and that around 3,500 law graduates in Tamil Nadu alone were unable to write the examinations on three occasions due to protests by a small section of students. Noting that almost all candidates had obtained hall tickets, Rajagopal said the petitioner cannot approach the court at the eleventh hour and seek to stay the entire examination.Moreover, the examination notification was uploaded in the Bar Council of India website as early as September 30, 2011, he said, adding that the petition deserved to be dismissed.Concurring with his submissions, Justice Rajeswaran said he was not inclined to stay the examination. Also, in view of the apprehensions of the petitioner that there could be disruptions from those opposed to the test, the judge asked the DGP to instruct the superintendents of police or commissioners of police in Vellore, Coimbatore and Trichy, where the examination is to be held on Sunday, to provide necessary protection so that the examination could be held without any disturbance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11395706", "title": "Rajwada to breathe easy soon!", "text": "INDORE: Traffic congestion around the historical Rajwada will soon be a thing of past. The district administration and the police have come together to decongest choked lanes and by-lanes around the structure by removing handcarts impeding traffic movement for good.The make-shift shops, which have almost occupied half of roads around the historic building, brings the traffic movement to a crawl between Khajuri Bazar and Ahilya Chowk - the junctions on three major roads of the city namely Jawahar Marg, MG Road and Subhash Marg.During the forthcoming drive, district collector Raghvendra Singh said, \"We will hold a meeting of all the traders and shoppers in the area to find out an amicable solution for the traffic problem in the area. We cannot work in a way where everybody is punished for mistake and nobody is able to realise his fault.\" SSP A Sai Monohar, said, \"Our all efforts in the past to decongest the Rajwada area received a lukewarm response from people. Hence, now our efforts will be to create public awareness to ensure smooth traffic movement in the area.\"The presence of nearly 100 hand-carts in the area not only causes heavy traffic snarls, but also affects the permanent traders, numbering a few hundreds and basically dealing in cloth and readymade garments. Hand-carts, presence of a dozen of tongas also add to commuters' problem.Many blame the archaeology department for the growing illegal occupancy of roads by the small-time traders and subsequent traffic congestion to certain extent. Fencing from the monument's boundary to preserve the structure has only added to the woes of the permanent traders in the area.SN Raj, deputy director, archaeological and museum, stoutly defends the step Rajwada comes under the 'A' category of monuments in the state. It is our duty to fence to keep it free of encroachment and its preservation.Talking to ToI, Dhanraj Wadhwani, president, Rajwada Cloth Market Merchants Association, said they were unable to do business despite being there for years. \"Frequent traffic bottlenecks in the area keep away our buyers,\" he said.It is happening at the instance of police. Each cart owner pays Rs 10-20 daily to policemen on duty in the area as a protection amount daily. As a consequence, no cart has been removed from the area as yet despite repeated efforts by the local administration, he alleged.Gopal area is another area which suffers due to the indifference of policemen. During any anti-encroachment drive by the civic body, the middlemen alert all hand-cart owners and they flee the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11394638", "title": "Class 8 students win Times Quiz 2012 in Salem", "text": "SALEM: R Bharat and Mohid Naik, both class 8 students from Sri Vidya Mandir matriculation higher secondary school in Salem secured the first place in the third installment of Times Quiz 2012. Students from Golden Gates matriculation higher secondary school and Cluny matriculation higher secondary school secured the second and third positions.For Bharat and Mohid, said they never thought that they would not win until they reached the final rounds.P Pynthamil Pari, chairman of Kalaignar Karunanidhi Institute of Technology gave away the prizes to the winners and runners-up at the event. He further said that the education trend is changing.\"The next quiz will be held in Ooty on February 7th\" said Mr P Balasubramanian, the chief manager of response From TOI.The quiz was hosted at GRT Grand Estancia in Salem on Friday. Over 800 students from 32 schools from the districts of Salem, Namakkal, Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri participated in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11396259", "title": "Forum led by CM's son to hold discussion", "text": "GUWAHATI: In order to encourage youths of the state to share their ideas and views, the Youth forum on Foreign Policy (YFFP) will organize a discussion titled 'Asia Rising: Implications for the World Economy' where two eminent personalities, Meghnad Desai and Joseph Stiglitz would present their views on the economic rise of Asian giants China and India on January 10. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi would be the chief guest on this occaaion.Gaurav Gogoi, founder of YFFP and the CM's son, said, \"Discussion on such topics have been earlier held in Delhi and Bangalore but this time we wanted to have something similar in the Northeast. Over the years China and India have emerged as two of the most powerful countries in the world, but with power, comes great responsibilities. Our population is huge and so our needs and demands are also increasing and these two speakers would speculate on the various issues concerning us. I hope that the youth of the state will be inspired by the talk and will put forward their views .\"Talking about the development of the state Gaurav said the health facilities have improved considerably, which is a good sign, he stressed on the need for universities of the region to create partnerships and tie-ups between national and international universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394187", "title": "Top BJP man switches to Congress", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) city unit suffered a setback as the civic elections draw near, with Pravin Chheda quitting and joining the Congress party.Chheda, a senior corporator from the party's bastion, Ghatkopar, called on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday and announced his exit. \"I was feeling stifled in the BJP,'' he told mediapersons.Mumbai Congress chief Kripashankar Singh said Chheda will help spread the party's ideology in the city.The BJP tried to downplay his defection, with leader of the opposition in the legislative council Vinod Tawde stating that \"Chheda has left the BJP as his ward has been reserved for women. Realizing that he has no prospect of contesting the elections, he joined the Congress. This shows his mindset about women's reservations in civic politics.''BJP sources said Chheda had set his sights on the Ghatkopar legislative assembly seat which is now being held by former minister Prakash Mehta. \"Mehta was a big hurdle for Chheda,'' a Bharatiya Janata Party corporator said.Senior BJP functionary Atul Bhatkhalkar pointed out how his party had \"amply rewarded\" Chheda from time to time. \"Chheda won the 1997 civic elections. In 2002, his ward was set aside for reservation. The party appointed him as co-opted member of the BEST committee for five consecutive years. He was made BEST committee chairman after he won the 2007 civic elections. He was also nominated to the coveted improvements committee. What more does he want?''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11396195", "title": "Jaintia youth body moves SC against cement companies", "text": "SHILLONG: Rampant complaints against degradation of the environment in Jaintia Hills perpetrated by cement plants has prompted the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) to seek the intervention of the Supreme Court to stop exploitation of limestone resources in areas they allege are 'forest areas'.\"The cement companies have set up their factories in forest areas and are destroying the reserve forests,\" said JYF president P Majaw. He informed that the apex court has admitted the writ application filed by his organization.\"We pray to the court to issue a direction to initiate a high-level inquiry into the illegal permission given by the government to cement companies by declaring several areas as 'non-forest',\" he said.He added the JYF hoped the SC delivers justice by directing the cement companies to stop their operations that are in violation of the orders of the Supreme Court and the local laws of Meghalaya.Meghalaya has an inferred reserve of more than 4,000 million tonne of limestone and till date the proven reserves are more than 500 million tonne.In the Jaintia Hills alone, an estimated reserve of 1,149.85 million tonne of limestone is available. Eight cement companies get their required supply of high-quality limestone from this reserve, mainly found at the Nongkhlieh ridge and Lumshnong areas.\"We filed the affidavit in the SC because of denial by the cement companies to generate employment for the local population and also because aquatic life in the rivers in the region has been rendered endangered,\" the JYF president said.Meanwhile, deputy chief minister Bindo M Lanong, who is also in-charge of the department of mining, said there was \"no visible sign of danger\" to Sohkynphor village in the Jaintia Hills due to mining in the area.\"We did find some cracks but those have already been sealed. The matter ends there, especially when the villagers themselves have not expressed any need for government intervention,\" the deputy CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394046", "title": "Hemraj-Aarushi intimacy proved fatal: CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI's report to the Supreme Court on Aarushi-Hemraj double murder says it thoroughly investigated three possibilities on who committed the gruesome crime - outsiders, servants or the parents - and evidences conclusively rules out entry from outside as well as the involvement of servants.\"There was absence of any theft or loss of property. There was no evidence of any enmity with anyone. No property dispute existed and on the other hand there was profuse evidence of massive dressing up of scene of crime within the flat as well as on the roof (where Hemraj's body was discovered). All this showed that no outsider was involved in the crime,\" the CBI report says.After putting the servants and other suspects into thorough scrutiny, the CBI says: \"Once it was established that neither the servants suspected by the CBI nor any outsider was involved in the double murder, the only other possibility was to investigate culpability of the parents of the deceased Aarushi, since both of them were present in the flat during the night when both the murders took place.\"From the circumstantial evidence backed by forensic tests, the CBI attempted to weave a possible theory involving both parents in the killing of the two. \"Dr Rajesh Talwar became very angry and picked up the golf club kept in the room of Hemraj with the intention of killing Hemraj for getting close to his precious daughter,\" the CBI alleges.\"Dr Rajesh Talwar started hitting with the golf club with the intention to kill Hemraj. The first blow landed on the back side of the head of Hemraj since that side was top most. On getting hit once or twice, Hemraj collapsed and fell down. Shifting of the position of the head of Hemraj resulted in the blows of golf club landing on the forehead of Aarushi. This resulted in frontal injuries to Aarushi,\" it alleges.On hearing the sound from Aarushi's room, Nupur rushed there and controlled Rajesh and tried to revive the daughter, claims the CBI. \"They shifted the body of Hemraj on a bed sheet and dragged it to their main door and took it upstairs carrying/dragging it on the stairs. Hemraj was hit but he had not died so his elbows being dragged on the staircase got ante-mortem contusion and abrasions which are possible only in a living person,\" it alleges.\"When Hemraj was kept on the roof in the bed sheet, the doctor couple found that he was still alive. Fearing for the consequences if Hemraj came back to senses, they dragged Hemraj on the bed sheet towards a side of the roof and used surgical blade available with them to cut his neck,\" the agency alleges.\"By the time, the body of Hemraj was finally secreted, Aarushi had either expired or was sinking fast to death. Pursuing the common intention of destroying evidence and dressing up the scene of crime, Dr Nupur Talwar and Dr Rajesh Talwar decided to inflict a cut on the neck of Aarushi . This cut is either post-mortem or peri-mortem is proved by the absence of \"arterial spurting\" from this neck wound,\" it observes.The CBI alleges that Dr Nupur Talwar wanted to remove all traces of intimate interaction between Hemraj and her daughter. \"She cleaned the private parts of Aarushi with water,\" it alleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11395830", "title": "Pakistan heading for early elections?", "text": "The ruling Pakistan People's Party has decided to hold the general election and the polls to the senate ahead of schedule against the backdrop of speculation the government may not be able to complete its tenure, said media reports on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11395299", "title": "MPT workers protest privatization of berth 11", "text": "VASCO: Around 300 workers of berth No.11 gathered at the main building of the Mormugao Port Trust ( MPT) on Friday morning to oppose the port trust's move to privatize the berth.The protest was organized by two unions, Mormugao Port and Railway Workers Union (MPRW) and Goa Port and Dock Workers Union (GPDW). Among those present were MPRW's executive members A J Peters, Leonardo Rodrigues, Sakharam Amerkar, Karim Mulla, Cruz Mascarenhas and Jude D'Costa. Lourenco Cardozo and Laxmikant Gaude were among those present from the GPDW union. The delegates and members of both unions submitted a memorandum to the trustees before the commencement of the MPT's board meeting on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11400778", "title": "Paris Hilton's pony present", "text": "Paris Hilton has been given a baby pony as a present.The 30-year-old socialite is known for her love of animals and is particularly taken by her new miniature hordes.She said: \"I have a little baby pony, really tiny - it has blonde hair and blue eyes. It was a gift.\"As well as the pony, Paris owns seven other species of animals because she loves having \"crazy\" pets.She explained: \"I bought this exotic pet, a kinkajou. I've also bought some jungle cats, and a monkey. I've bought a lot of crazy animals because I love pets.\"My dog had babies so there were 17 but I gave them all away so now I only have six. A couple of Chihuahuas, a pug and a Pomeranian.\"I also have a parrot, three black squirrels and three cats.\"Paris' business empire spans 17 product lines and 35 stores but she insists she is not a ruthless businesswoman.She told FHM magazine: \"No, I'm not ruthless, I'm a great boss. I don't yell at anybody ever.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11396177", "title": "Chief minister Tuki wants separate work calendar for Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has suggested to the Planning Commission of India (PCI) and the Food Corporation of India (FCI) to chalk out a separate planned work calendar for Arunachal Pradesh based on its specific and distinct geography and climatic conditions so the rural populace does not have to suffer during the lean months of the year.The chief minister's suggestion came in two separate meetings with PCI member Dr Saumitra Chaudhuri and FCI officials in his office here on Thursday evening, official sources informed on Friday.Chaudhuri, who is on a three-day visit to the state, accompanied by advisor (NE) S N Borhmo Choudhury, called on the chief minister and had an informal interaction with him. Expressing gratitude to the Centre and the PCI for their continuous concern for the state, Tuki said he hoped the Commission would show leniency with regard to its strict guidelines while approving projects and proposals for development of the state.Touching upon the food shortage issue, the CM drew attention of the PCI member towards the complete dependency of the people on the public distribution system (PDS). He also expressed concern over the slow progress of projects, including those under the PM's Package, directly under the supervision of the Centre and its agencies.Pointing out that the progress of the Trans-Arunachal Highway is far below the satisfactory pace, Tuki urged Chaudhuri to use his position to impress upon the Border Roads Organization (BRO) to tighten up its belts, especially in the face of the state's strategic importance.\"As many as 30 circle headquarters across the state are yet to be connected by road, owing to which people are migrating to towns and cities on a large scale. If we do not check this, there will be no populace left in the remote and border areas, which may result in a security threat,\" Tuki said.Accepting the facts laid down by the chief minister, Chaudhuri said that streamlining the implementation process was need of the hour. He said to ensure timely and judicious completion of the projects the PCI was working on a strategy that would invite suggestions and proposals from each state that would be accumulated in a masterplan to cater to state-specific needs.The PCI officials will hold meetings at Pasighat, Kibithu, Tezu and Vijayanagar in the next two days.In a separate meeting with K C Yadav, under-secretary, Union ministry of food &amp; civil supplies, and FCI deputy general managers Jagdish Kumar and S K Saheb, Tuki called for timely and regular supply of foodgrain to the base depots located in the state. He also requested supply of sufficient foodgrain and keeping buffer stocks for the lean months.\"We cannot compromise with food security,\" said Tuki, while citing various reports of food scarcity appearing in the media and the criticism faced by the government. \"The FCI is solely a central government agency and we have no control over it. But when it fails to deliver, the state government has to face the ire of the people,\" Tuki said.While assuring smooth delivery of foodgrain to the base depots from the ensuing month, the FCI officials said the problem was due to disruption in rail communication due to gauge-conversion work, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394134", "title": "HC orders removal of solar fence in Ooty jumbo corridor", "text": "CHENNAI: Two years after ordering demolition of resorts blocking the core elephant corridors in the Nilgiris, the Madras high court has come to the rescue of the jumbos yet again, this time ordering the immediate removal of all unregulated solar fences.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice N Kirubakaran, passing orders on a PIL filed by R Vishnu Ram Saravanavel, expressed unhappiness over the sloppy implementation of its orders and said all illegally erected solar-powered electrical fencing which were restricting free movement of animals and 'virtually cutting across the elephant corridor' should be removed forthwith.On December 3, 2009, a bench headed by Justice Rao ordered eviction of all those occupying reserved forest areas cutting across the corridor and asked authorities to demolish resorts dotting the elephant path. It also asked removal of unregulated solar fencing, put up by resorts, besides the tribals and forest dwellers.When special leave petitions were filed challenging the order, the Supreme Court stayed a portion of the order concerning dispossession and demolition of resorts only. Pointing out that the high court directions relating to the removal of solar fencing were not interfered with, the present bench said on Thursday: \"So far nothing fruitful seems to have been done by authorities towards removing these solar fences.\" It then asked the authorities to file their reply to the PIL within two weeks.On April 7, 2011, passing final orders, the division bench said, \"It is on record that every private holding in the area are bound by solar fencing, cutting across the elephant corridor. People are developing this area for pleasure of individuals at the cost of elephants and the wildlife.\" It felt removal of the fence put up by 'greedy people' was necessary in view of the threat posed by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11395831", "title": "Spotlight on oral cancer in intl conference at MLNMC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Highlighting the recent development regarding prevention, diagnosis and therapy of cancer, the department of Pathology, Moti Lal Nehru Medical College ( MNLMC) would be organising the second international conference on January 7.Titled frontiers prevention, diagnosis and therapy of cancer, the focus for this second FPDTC conference is oral cancer and is being held as a satellite to the annual All-India Association of Otolaryngologists conference at the College.The organizing secretary of the conference, Prof Ravi Mehrotra said that this path-breaking meeting will be an important landmark and the deliberations will have far-reaching influence in policy making and research in this vital area.Among the galaxy of experts that would be imparting recent development in the field of cancer, the organising secretary said that Prof Brad Rodu from USA, Prof Ulf Zatterstrom from Sweden , Dr Gunilla Andersson from Sweden, Dr Sudhanshu Patwardhan from UK, Prof Rajesh Sharan form Shillong and other noted speakers from various institutes will be speaking at the conference.He further said that the scope and reach of the research in oral cancer has expanded beyond the boundaries of conventional clinical and biomedical sciences into public health as well as global policymaking. Tobacco consumption plays important role in the pathogenesis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396333", "title": "Who\u2019s the boss, asks mayor Sharadamma", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Who's the boss?\" That's what mayor Sharadamma is asking.A day after her deputy, S Harish, announced that not a single contractor had come forward to pick up tenders for solid waste management, the mayor insisted that contractors take up tenders.Sharadamma convened a hurried press conference and arrived with her deputy in tow to announce that contractors must come forward and bid for tenders as the BBMP had spent Rs 20 lakh to float them.\"This system will be followed until an alternate arrangement is made for garbage clearance,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394465", "title": "India seeks waivers on Iran sanctions", "text": "NEW DELHI: As new US sanctions on Iran's oil sector take effect, India, which expects to be hit, will ask the US for waivers to minimize the effect of the curbs that may be given to Washington's key allies like Japan, Turkey and South Korea, who, like New Delhi, are all importers of Iranian oil.National security adviser Shivshankar Menon met US ambassador Peter Burleigh on Friday, and it is expected that senior officials will begin consultations with the US. Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai will be making his first trip to Washington soon, where this issue is likely to be discussed further. Both Japan and South Korea have said they would start negotiations with the US for similar waivers.US president Barack Obama signed into effect a new sanctions law - Iran Threat Reduction Act on December 31 - that would bar foreign banks from the US if they conducted transactions with the Central Bank of Iran (CBI), a move intended to choke off Tehran's oil incomes, its main source of revenue. The US legislation calls for American financial sanctions on anyone settling oil trades with the CBI by June 28, 2012, unless the White House issues a waiver or determines the oil market is too tight to implement the legislation. On Thursday, European countries too agreed in principle to put an oil embargo on Iran by end-January.India has been struggling for the past year to pay Iran for its oil, ever since the Reserve Bank of India dismantled the Asian Clearing Union that was used as a clearing house for trading with Iran. Subsequently, India routed its payments through a German bank and later a Turkish bank, but both routes dried up because of impending sanctions by the US. Since most large Indian banks too will not touch payments to Iran for the same fear, New Delhi has been using a small nationalized bank, Union bank of India, to route its payments to Iran.India even asked Russia to help route payments to Tehran, but it is believed Moscow was not forthcoming.India has begun diversifying oil supplies but it has no intention of moving away from Iran because it considers Tehran to be a major player in West Asia. From providing 16% of India's crude supplies, Iran now provides 12%, with Saudi Arabia taking the top spot as the chief source.India is sourcing crude from countries such as Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Mexico, Australia and Venezuela. Between storing oil in large crude carriers and a strategic petroleum reserve, India is unlikely to hurt for oil in the short term. Indian oil companies are likely to fix oil contracts for this year next week, where a further diversification of supplies will be in evidence.But the trouble is about how India pays for the oil. Paying in dollar and euro is out. India is hamstrung because its export basket to Iran is not particularly big for it to be able to do the kind of barter trade that is now the norm between Iran and China or South Korea.The RBI has traditionally been wary of paying Iran in Indian rupees, still carrying the scars of the rupee-rouble trade of the 1990s. But South Block plans to put some innovative plans on how Iran can best utilize rupees this will be discussed with both the Indian finance ministry as well as Tehran.Earlier, Iran has been reluctant on rupee trade, preferring hard currency to Indian currency. But as the sanctions bite, Iran may be persuaded to think out of the box as well.There is of course the theoretical option of using one of the East Asian currencies like yuan or won. India is unwilling to go down that road because it would be held hostage to the Chinese Central Bank, which New Delhi does not want. China has rejected the US sanctions against Iran and will continue to trade openly with Tehran, but China's economic leverage with both the US and Iran is enormous, which does not hold good for India. Beijing is also demanding and may get discounted crude from Tehran.The bottom line for India is that it wants to stay engaged with Iran, particularly at a time when Iran feels globally isolated. \"China made enormous inroads into Myanmar, when Myanmar was treated like a pariah. We don't want to lose influence in an important country like Iran by backing out at this point,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11393763", "title": "Congress, NCP leaders expect deal by today", "text": "MUMBAI: Talks between the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) over seat-sharing for the civic elections remained inconclusive for the third consecutive day. \"We are still discussing the sharing of seats. Though in principle we have decided to contest the polls jointly, we are unable to reach a consensus,'' a senior NCP leader said.State Congress president Manikrao Thakre and city president Kripashankar Singh are negotiating with NCP leaders Chhagan Bhujbal and Sachin Ahir. Since chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and NCP chief Sharad Pawar have told their leaders to reach an agreement as early as possible, senior leaders of both parties expect the row to be resolved on Saturday.For the 227 seats, the NCP has staked claimed to 65 seats, while the Congress, which had on Friday agreed to allot 36 seats, has now agreed to part with 50 seats. The NCP leader said though the Congress may not agree to allot 65 seats, ultimately, agreement could be reached on 55-60 seats.Former Union minister and Congress parliamentarian Gurudas Kamat has objected to the talks. In a letter to Congress president Sonia Gandhi , he said there would be a large-scale rebellion in the party if there was an alliance with the NCP. \"If the NCP has refused to join hands with the Congress in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, it was wrong on the part of the Congress to negotiate with the NCP for an alliance in Mumbai,'' Kamat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11396159", "title": "Congress promise of bandh breather with legislation", "text": "IMPHAL: Poll-bound Manipur could just be learning to breathe free after last year's marathon 121-day economic blockade, but fear looms large about the next siege. This fear is there in the Congress, too, which hopes to turn the tables on those calling the bandhs and blockades with a legislation in the next assembly.The blockades and big bandhs apart, numerous small bandhs, particularly in protest against killings by security forces or rebels or kidnappings, had also become a daily affair.The blockades hampered movement of goods, which sent prices of essential commodities skyrocketing. Petrol got sold in the black market for Rs 400 per litre while a cylinder of LPG cost nothing less than Rs 3,000. The government had to take the help of the Indian Air Force to lift hundreds of quintals of rice and life-saving drugs from Guwahati.The mega bandhs earned chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh a bad name and critics started calling him \"too soft\" to be able to handle the crisis. Manipur Pradesh Congress Committee president Gaikhangam, the second in command in the Congress-led government, who is leading the party's electioneering process, promises to make the state bandh-free. Talking to TOI, the MPCC chief said, \"Bandhs have become a routine here. Normal life comes under siege. We are preparing to bring about a legislation to regulate bandhs.\"Gaikhangam agreed that everyone has the democratic right to protest. He clarified that the legislation they are planning against bandhs will not, however, gag anyone's right to freedom of expression. \"We are not talking of banning bandhs. But we want to regulate the number of bandhs. They can't be allowed to go on for months or even weeks,\" said Gaikhangam.After militancy, troubled Manipur's biggest bane has been these economic blockades imposed by Nagas and Kukis, the two big communities here after the dominant Meiteis. The rallying point for these marathon blockades has also been the issue of \"alternative administrative arrangement\" for the Nagas.The 2011 economic blockade is probably the history's longest. This was a fall-out of a turf war between Nagas and Kukis. The Sadar Hills District Demand Committee's (SHDDC) economic blockade of August 1 last year was in demand of conversion of the Kuki-dominated Sadar Hills into a full-fledged district. The Nagas of the state, led by the United Naga Council, sponsored a counter blockade from August 21 onwards. The SHDDC lifted the blockade after a state assurance but the UNC continued with the blockade till November 28, cutting off the Dimapur-Imphal national highway, the lifeline of Manipur, for a total of 120 days.In 2010, the scene was no better. The first phase of the economic blockade of the Dimapur-Imphal highway started from April 6 and of the Silchar-Imphal national highway through southern Assam from April 11. The blockade was called by the UNC and other Naga bodies protesting the holding of elections to six autonomous district councils in the state. \"We are sure the new legislation will take care of these blockades,\" the PCC chief said.The legislation, however, is not the only gift the Congress is promising. It is also dangling the carrot of a better life with fewer hardships. It has said it will open up alternative lifelines if it is voted to power. \"The Silchar-Imphal Road (NH-37) is being developed as an alternative lifeline. In fact, this highway is already operational. We also have plans for other alternatives, which will be announced later,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396179", "title": "Scrap godown gutted", "text": "BANGALORE: A massive fire broke out in a scrap metal godown on the Inner Ring Road in Ramamurthy nagar. Though it started around 5pm, the first call was received by the fire station at 5.17pm. Two fire tenders from Columbia Asia Hospitals and three from a nearby fire station rushed there.Oil, plastic products, wires and paper created a huge fireball which could be seen from Hebbal and KR Puram. It took more than 2 hours to bring it under control. Balu, an employee of Woodline Showroom, opposite the godown, said he saw smoke as early as 5pm. \"Initially, nobody really bothered but suddenly it became huge. Oil stored in the room would have caught fire,\" Balu said.Fire force personnel said it was a tough task. \"We got information late and by the time our unit reached there, the fire had become really huge,\" said KU Ramesh, chief fire officer (east). TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11395401", "title": "Exclusive Swimming programme for school students launched", "text": "MADURAI: In a move to prevent accidental death of students due to lack of swimming skills, the Dindigul district administration launched exclusive swimming coaching at a nominal fee for school students in the district on Thursday. The programme is the first of its kind in the state.According to Dindigul district collector K Nagarajan, in recent times there were many deaths reported throughout the state of school children drowning in water bodies and rivers as they did not know how to swim. Every child especially those who live in rural areas and have access to large water bodies should know how to swim, he said. Hence, in a move to create awareness on its importance, the district administration launched the intensive training programme for school students in four swimming pools in the district. These include the swimming pool of the sports development authority in Dindigul, one at the Union club and two which are present in private schools in Palani.Students in the 6 - 8 standards who lack any knowledge about swimming will be chosen for the programme. The four pools would be used to coach students in the matriculation schools in the morning and the government school students would be accommodated in the evening. At the rate of 30 students per pool for each training session, 240 students would be trained intensively for a duration of 12 days through two weeks. Each child would be enrolled for a fee of Rs 250 per programme and sponsors have been identified to help students of government schools who cannot afford it. The coaching would be done under the guidance of skilled trainers and also the watchful eyes of lifeguards who will be at the venue. Fees collected from the students would only go towards the salaries of these trainers, he said.While matriculation schools will use their own transport to take the students for the coaching, the bus owners association has come forward to sponsor the transportation of students of the government schools. The programme will go on till the month of March and will be stopped for two months for exams. \"We hope that the programme will be an eye-opener and that parents will come forward to enroll students for the proposed summer classes too,\" he said.Meanwhile, the district administration is also discussing a proposal to construct two other swimming pools in the district with the help of the sports development authorities through a public private partnership. This would include one in Dindigul and a warm pool in Kodaikanal for the benefit of the public of the hill station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396183", "title": "Transfer pricing: I-T notices to 56 firms in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The international taxation wing of the Gujarat income tax department has issued notices to several multinational companies and Gujarat-based private companies over transfer pricing leading to revenue adjustments of around Rs 1,300 crore.Most of the notices have been sent to companies who route their exports through tax havens which the department suspected has been done to evade tax. The orders were issued last month for the assessment year 2008-09. Transfer pricing is about the price at which goods or services are transferred between one country and another within the same organization. Transfer pricing regulations were introduced in 2001-02 to ensure that the country doesn't lose revenue from companies that undertake cross-border transactions between related parties. Sources said that these adjustments will translate into a tax collection of Rs 400 to Rs 450 crore.\"Notices have been sent to around 56 companies, most of which are based in Ahmedabad and the industrial belt between Vadodara and Vapi. Pharma firms in the state have received most orders as there the department has found several companies exploiting the tax soaps given in Himachal Pradesh and also use of tax havens like Dubai, British Virgin Islands and Channel Islands to evade tax,\" said a senior income tax official.\"Around 650 crore of these adjustments have been done in transactions of five companies, three of which are Ahmedabad and Vadodara-based pharmaceutical companies. In one of the cases we found that the company took tax benefits in Himachal Pradesh and then exported manufactured goods to Dubai and from there to across the world. However, price at which the drug was sent to Dubai was less than half at which it was re-exported from there,\" said an I-T official.The international taxation wing has been given a target of Rs 550 crore for 2011-12. Out of which Rs 300 crore has been collected by December 31.The wing had in the last fiscal collected Rs 480 crore as taxes against the target of Rs 460 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "palani", "code": "11395388", "title": "Palani Murugan temple to get another rope car", "text": "PALANI: The Arulmigu Dhandayuthapani Temple, more popularly known as the Palani temple, will soon get another rope car.State Hindu religious and charitable endowments minister M S M Anandhan, who visited the hill temple in Dindigul district told reporters on Friday that the works for introducing the rope car would commence soon.Besides a winch, Palani temple, that attracts a large number of tourists from across India already has a rope car, which was commissioned in 2004 during chief minister J Jayalalithaa's previous regime. The rope car system turned out to be a hit from the day it was introduced as it takes just 2.45 minutes to reach the temple at the hilltop, besides offering a panoramic view of the hills. Buoyed by the success, the subsequent DMK government planned for another rope car and even began preliminary works, but the project failed to take off.\"No works were carried out during the DMK period and the contract has now expired. We would opt for a superior technology than planned during the previous regime,\" Anandhan said. The existing rope car has four cabins each on either directions and is equipped to transport 350 passengers per hour. While there were demands to increase the number of cabins substantially so that more pilgrims could use the service, the HR and CE department is likely to settle for a marginal increase in capacity.The temple administration has planned to landscape the area around the rope car station with Italian and Korean grass giving the rock, a greenish look.A 30-metre high artificial waterfall is also on the cards along the rope car alignment, besides flowering plants to make the trip an enthralling experience.Anandhan, who held discussions with the HR and CE, as well as temple devasthanam authorities on the preparations for Thai Poosam festival ordered that the 'panchamirtham' tins sold in the temple should be sealed to eliminate complaints of the 'prasadam' being spoiled. He also ordered that the decades-old music school to be shifted to the \"giri veedhis\" (procession streets) around the hill from its present location 2-km away from the hill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11394654", "title": "Good show at INTEC-2012 leaves participants happy", "text": "COIMBATORE: The 13th edition of the International Industrial Trade Fair Coimbatore (INTEC) was held in CODISSIA Trade Fair Complex in the city. The fair will be on up till January 9. INTEC 2012 attracted 570 participants from across the globe interested in promoting their business.Exhibitors were from sectors including electrical, mechanical and robotics. Buyers interested in technological advancements visited the fair and were satisfied with what they saw. \"The reason I'm here is to update myself with all the latest advancements in the automation industry. I look forward to buying a few products,\" said MR Rajesh, business development director of EC Vendors.Apart from major Indian companies, INTEC had participants from Germany, Japan, USA, Luxemburg, Spain, UK, Switzerland , Singapore , Kuwait, Taiwan , Denmark, Dubai , China, South Korea and Rwanda.\"We have participated after an eight year gap because we realize that Coimbatore has a substantial market. I have notice that people here are very particular about quality,\"said Satish Sadasivan, managing director of Schunk, a multinational company, based in Germany.\"INTEC is well organised and our participation has been a success. The fair allows us to create brand awareness and launch new products under a single roof,\" Satish added.\"We have had an in house IT wing and have been implementing IT services for the past 30 years. We sincerely believe that it is time we offer this service to other potential organisations as well and couldn't find for a better platform to advertise,\" said a representative of Bosch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur ", "code": "11395676", "title": "Ban on TET certificate issue lifted", "text": "JAIPUR : A division bench of the Rajasthan High Court has lifted the ban placed by a single judge bench of the high court on the issuance of TET certificates to those candidates who have been given special concession by the state government by amending guidelines of exam issued by NCTE.A division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice Bela M Trivedi passed the order lifting the ban placed by a single judge on the ground that the single bench was not having jurisdiction to hear and pass any order on a writ petition challenging any guidleines issued under the Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) Act as it has a statutory force.The bench further held that even otherwise there is no merit in the argument raised by the counsel for petitioners, Mahendra and Vigyan Shah, that the state government has got no right to relax the norms fixed by the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE). It may be noted that NCTE has fixed 60% as the minimum qualifying marks for enabling a person to secure TET certificate which is now a necessary condition to be considered for employment in state services as a teacher.\"It was challeged before the single judge that the NCTE has fixed 60% as minimum qualifying marks for all the candidates but the state government has relaxed the minimum qualifying marks by giving 20% relaxation to physically handicapped, 15% relaxation to women, 10% to divorcee and deserted women and 10% relaxation to SC, ST and OBC male candidates for which the state government was not authorized. It was only for the Central government and NCTE to fix the norms which could not have been altered by the state government,\" said N A Naquvi, senior advocate and additional advocate general who moved the court to vacate the stay granted by the single judge.The counsel for NCTE, Sanjay Pareek, supported the appeal filed by state government on the count that the single judge was having no jurisdiction to hear the writ petitions.\"We have raised an objection before the single judge also but he still passed the interim order which halted entire procedure of TET in the state and the successful candidates could no be issued the eligibility certificate due to the ban,\" Naquvi said.\"We are surprised to see the unwarranted litigation by private parties and the state in the matter of TET and no one is trying to understand that outcome of this examination is not going to ultimately affect the selection criteria alreday fixed for teacher's recuritment in the state of Rajasthan. We don't know how the government is acting in this manner,\" Chief Justice Arun Mishra observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11395342", "title": "Motorcyclist crushed to death at Usgao", "text": "PONDA: A loaded mining truck drove over a motorcyclist crushing him to death on the spot at Tiska-Usgao in Ponda on Friday afternoon.This is the second fatal accident at Usgao within a span of three days and, ironically, in the road safety week that is being observed. Police sources said the truck was proceeding to Amona-Bicholim carrying ore from Dharbandora, while the motorcyclist Prashant Rane, 20, a resident of Cotodem-Valpoi, Sattari, was on his way to Tiska. When both vehicles reached near the police outpost, the truck knocked down the motorcyclist. The motorcycle was stuck in the front wheel of the truck while the rider was crushed beneath the rear wheels. Rane's skull was crushed in the accident resulting in his death, police said. After witnessing the accident, locals were furious and the truck driver fled from the scene.Ponda police retrieved the body and had preserved it for an autopsy to be conducted at Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim. The truck driver Mohammad Suleman Hussain, a resident of Mollem and a native of Bihar, was arrested and the truck was seized by the police late Friday evening.An offence has been registered under Sections 279 (rash and negligent driving), 304 - A (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), IPC, and Section 134 A &amp; B (fleeing from the scene without providing medical aid and informing the police) of the Motor Vehicle Act. PSI Deepak Pednekar is investigating the case under the supervision of PI Siddhant Shirodkar and guidance of DySP Naresh Mhamal, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394765", "title": "Mega-blocks on WR, CR on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: If you plan to travel by the Central or Western Railway on Sunday afternoon, there could be inconvenience on certain routes with trains running slow and some services being cancelled.WR has announced a 'jumbo block' between Goregaon and Borivli from 10.35 am to 3.35 pm on the Up and Down fast tracks. Similarly, CR has decided to operate a mega-block between Kalyan and Thane on the Up slow line between 11 am and 4 pm, while services on the stretch between Vashi and Kurla will be suspended completely during this time.Chief PRO (WR), S Chandrayan said, \"The block will be on the Up and Down fast tracks. All trains will run on the slow lines between these stations.\"CR spokesperson V Chandrasekar said there will be a mega-block in the suburban section between Kalyan and Thane from 11 am to 4 pm on the Up slow line. The trains will be diverted on the Up fast line between Kalyan and Mulund stations. \"However, the Up slow line service will not be available at Thakurli, Kopar, Diva, Mumbra and Kalwa stations during the block period. Passengers of these stations are permitted to travel via Dombivli/Thane in the Down direction,\" he stated.Chandrasekar said all Harbour line services leaving Vashi from 10.21 am to 4.16 pm will remain suspended up to Kurla station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11395506", "title": "Final electoral roll in complete: SJP", "text": "VARANASI: Raising question on the publication of revised electoral roll, the Samajwadi Jan Parishad (SJP) alleged that all corrected information of voters during the electoral roll revision process could not be included in the final electoral roll released on January 2. However, the election officials claimed that the revised voter list included all information gathered during the revision process.Talking to media persons on Friday, SJP executive member Aflatoon, who is also contesting the assembly election from Varanasi Cantonment constituency, said due to technical fault in uploading the revised data on the website of chief election officer of the state from December 15 to 20, the corrected information could not be included. \"We demand immediate intervention of the chief election commissioner of India in this regard,\" he said, adding that all valid forms submitted during the revision process should be included in the voter list. He also forwarded his letter to the Election Commission of India.On the other hand, when assistant district election officer Ram Yagya Mishra was contacted, he said the electoral roll was published with all facts and figure collected during the revision process. \"Those who are not on the electoral roll due to any reason could be included in supplementary list in this month,\" he said, adding that for the continuing verification of voters list by the chief election officer, UP, a special campaign had been conducted from January 2 to 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "junagadh/jamnagar", "code": "11396886", "title": "Fog results in four accidental deaths", "text": "JUNAGADH/JAMNAGAR: Low visibility due to heavy columns of fog caused over a dozen accidents in Jamnagar and Junagadh districts where four people lost their lives and three were injured on Thursday night and early Friday morning.The first incident was reported from Una in Jungadh district, where three people were killed after their car lost control and turned turtle on Una-Tulsishyam Highway on Thursday night. Police identified the deceased as Rajesh Parmar (22), Nirav Chikhaliya (20) and Niraj Kanara (20).Police said the second incident occurred near Dalmiya company, some five km away from Khambhaliya, where a biker was killed after being hit by a car from the rear in the wee hours of Friday. The deceased was identified as Damji Nakum (45).\"Just a few metres away from this spot, another accident occurred in which a jeep and a van had a collision, leading to pile up of four other vehicles. The incident left three injured,\" said a police official, adding that the incidents were caused by low visibility level on the road due to heavy fog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11393569", "title": "Auto expo, VIP traffic drive nightmare on roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: The auto expo and heavy VIP movement combined with the evening rush hour to bring traffic to a grinding halt in many parts of central and south Delhi on Friday.Local traffic congestion points around Mathura Road, ITO and India Gate soon had a ripple effect on all major traffic movement in the city, turning even 15-minute commutes into a two-hour horror on the road. Tempers ran high as frustrated commuters inched towards their destinations. The disruptions continued till after 9pm.The congestion started on Mathura Road in front of Pragati Maidan due to the auto expo. Then VIP movements began at 6pm around India Gate, resulting in massive congestion on all the arms of the India Gate hexagon.The evening rush compounded the problem with resultant jams at India Gate, ITO, Connaught Place, Mathura Road, Mandi House, Sardar Patel Marg and Ring Road. Even the Barapullah elevated road and DND flyover remained choc-a-bloc all through Friday evening.\"I left CP at 6.15pm to go to Mayur Vihar. I got stuck at Janpath and turned towards Lodhi Road which too was choked. I managed to get on to the Barapullah road and found the entire elevated stretch jammed. At the DND flyover, all counters where passes are issued were blocked. The left turn for Mayur Vihar, which is a good 1km long, was also completely jammed. It was a three and a half hour ordeal,\" said Manish Govind, an interior designer.Unplanned diversions, blocking of traffic and lack of foresight in traffic management contributed to the mess.\"We had a tough day due to the combination of factors. The situation remained extremely rough at India Gate despite deployment of maximum traffic police personnel. The mess at India Gate peaked around 6pm but there was a cascading effect to all surrounding parts as India Gate is an arterial point for all crossover traffic,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Sources said two VIP movements had to be facilitated by traffic police including the arrival of a visiting PM at Hyderabad House. \"The two movements were in quick succession and vehicles had to be stopped at peak hour time at India Gate. Even a two-minute stoppage at India Gate results in traffic congestion and stoppage for 10 minutes resulted in the line of waiting vehicles reaching Mandi House,\" said a source.Traffic officials claimed that the gridlock was magnified due to the cascading effect of the jam at India Gate. \"There was already a gridlock due to VIP movement at India Gate and traffic movement was slow on Mathura Road. We had to divert vehicles to any of the arms of India Gate that were free but soon all the arms of the c-hexagon filled up and there was absolutely no space for traffic to move. And once India Gate is affected, the mess spills over to all surrounding areas and Ring Road too got badly affected,\" said a senior traffic police officer.At many places, motorists complained they had not moved an inch for hours. \"I had to go to Bal Bhawan and was crossing ITO at 5.20pm. The jam was so bad that I reached my destination, barely 1km away, at 6.30. Later, when I left around 7.15pm, I inched towards Pragati Maidan, reaching the Metro station at 8.20pm. I tried going towards India Gate but it was blocked. I was on the same stretch till 9pm,\" said an exasperated commuter, Suruchi Krishnamurthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11394627", "title": "Coal price hike: Wait till Jan 16, HC urges CIL", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Friday requested Coal India Limited (CIL) not to charge the hiked coal prices in West Bengal till January 16. The hike took effect from January 1, 2012.The division bench of Justice P C Ghosh and Justice M K Choudury, however, made it clear that it was not a court order but just an observation.The bench was hearing a public interest litigation(PIL) filed by green activist Subhas Datta against CIL's move to increase coal prices. CESC sought the court's intervention in the case. The court directed CESC to serve copies of its application to other litigants - CIL, the state government, central government and Datta.Datta argued that the Government of India has taken up a plan to set up a regulatory commission by March to monitor the price of coal. He prayed for an order asking CIL not to take any unilaterial decision on the price of coal as it ultimately affects power consumers.Malay Basu and Partha Basu, counsel for CIL, opposed the PIL stating that it is not a price hike at all but just a new system of pricing.State government pleader Ashok Kumar Bannerjee said the Union of India is also against the price hike. He submitted a central government press note stating its opposition to the price hike.At that point, the bench asked additional solicitor general Faruk M Razzak to appear in court. When he came, the bench asked him to state the Centre's position on coal prices by January 16 - the next date of hearing.The court also directed CIL to file an affidavit by January 16, stating why and how it decided to hike coal prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11394004", "title": "Scrap licence of all illegal builders: Governor", "text": "MYSORE: Some builders have occupied Bangalore's water bodies and are constructing buildings illegally. The government should identify these violators of rules and cancel their licences, governor H R Bhardwaj said on Friday.Addressing the National Town and Country Planners Congress organized by the Institute of Town Planners here, he emphasized on the need to focus on Bangalore's water and sanitation problems. If authorities don't act, the powerful will violate the law, he said.On the city's transportation system, Bhardwaj said: \"It takes an hour to enter Bangalore city from its outskirts. The IT City is completely choked; the situation is similar in Mumbai and Kolkata. We are bad when it comes to transport planning.\"The governor said water and power crises would strike major cities in future. \"Bangalore gets water from the Cauvery. Water scarcity is going to be a major problem if the government doesn't come up with an action plan to solve it.''Bhardwaj blamed unrestricted growth for the mess. \"When real estate was in boom, it opened gates for unnecessary land acquisition. Today even the government can't touch lands of farmers.\"He asked the University of Mysore and the Karnataka State Open University to prevent encroachments on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394209", "title": "Across state, 19 IPS officers transferred in latest reshuffle", "text": "CHENNAI: In another major reshuffle, the state government on Friday night transferred 19 IPS officers with immediate effect. A government release said ADGP, Chennai, Sanjeev Kumar was posted as ADGP, administration in the existing vacancy. Likewise, ADGP, Social Justice and Human Rights, Srilakshmi Prasad has been posted as ADGP, headquarters.T Radhakrishnan, ADGP on compulsory wait, was posted as ADGP Social Justice and Human Rights.DIG on compulsory wait Sanjay Kumar was posted as DIG, Salem range, in the existing vacancy.Tamil Nadu Police Academy SP S Xavier Dhanaraj was posted as SP of Tiruvarur district in place of M Annadurai, who was appointed SP, Enforcement, Madurai, a post held by A Z Asiammal, who is now SP, Civil Supplies CID, Chennai filling the existing vacancy.Kanyakumari SP S Lakshmi was posted as deputy commissioner (DC), Madhavaram in place of S Rajendran, who was posted as DC, traffic, east, Greater Chennai in the existing vacancy. Madurai range DIG K N Sathiyamurthy was posted as joint commissioner, headquarters, Greater Chennai, in the existing vacancy.DIG for Social Justice and Human Rights, Chennai B Balangadevi is nowDIG, Madurai range, and Chennai Armed Police DIG V A Ravikumar posted as JC, traffic, south, Greater Chennai in the existing vacancy. Trichy range armed police DIG M Ramasubramani was posted as Ramanathapuram range DIG, a post held by Sandeep Mittal, who is now DIG, Chennai armed police.Namakkal district SP Pravesh Kumar was posted as Kanyakumari SP, while Salem DC (law and order) M Sathiya Priya posted as Namakkal SP. A G Babu, SP, Railways Trichy was posted as Salem law and order DC. Karur SP P Nagarajan was posted as SP, TN Police Academy, Chennai. Santhosh Kumar, DC, traffic, west, greater Chennai, was posted as Karur SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11395109", "title": "Emirates' shopping festival excites students", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thirteen students of BCM Arya Model Senior Secondary School (Model Town) are finding it tough to contain their excitement. They are ecstatic to go to Dubai shopping festival as an educational trip, for which they are leaving on Friday.Students will be seeing many famous places in Dubai during their 6 days of tour. On Thursday, the school had organized a 'havan' to wish them luck for their journey. The students are from classes IV to XI and interestingly, three students are going with their siblings, as they study in the same school. Two teachers are also accompanying the students.Resident of Dugri, Ekampreet Singh said people from across the globe come specially to visit the festival and he finds himself lucky enough to visit the festival.Resident of Mall Road, Dhruv Gupta is a shopaholic and the festival is the right place for him to quench his thirst. Sanchay Kalra, who stays in Model Town, has heard a lot about the festival but never visited. He knows that last year, actor Tom Cruise was there and wishes to see Hollywood stars over there.Devansh Aggarwal of Sarabha Nagar said Dubai is nothing short of a desert paradise, as it offers a vision of what human beings are capable of achieving if they have vision, resources and the commitment. Resident of Haibowal, Sidharth Jain said from indoor skiing slope to outdoor lush golf courses, from tallest buildings to an underwater hotel, everything is amazing about Dubai.Staying in Sarabha Nagar, Ishan Sethi said this will be a journey of a lifetime as all his best friends are accompanying him on the trip. Model town extension resident Shubham Aggarwal said the trip comes as a double delight for him, as his younger sister Muskaan is also accompanying him.Resident of Bhagwan Nagar, Simrandeep Kaur is excited to see the Atlantis water park, which she has seen on the internet, and that too with her brother Amandeep Singh.Resident of Industrial Area, Gurjoot Kaur said from an ultra cosmopolitan society to the charm and hospitality of Arabia, all blend together to form the unique fabric of Dubai and the best part is, she will be with her brother Gurdeep Singh.School principal Paramjeet Kaur said the exciting journey will allow the students to understand how the desert city of Dubai has transformed itself into a global business hub and a leading tourist destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "11395169", "title": "Vermas spruce up gardens in locality", "text": "SBS NAGAR: Peek out of Rekha and Jagdish Verma's cozy home in Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar and a display of jamun tree, neem tree, lemon tree and chrysanthemums lure you. But the couple said the beautiful park looked very different when they moved to the locality nine years ago.Unwilling to settle in an area that had no greenery, the Vermas set to work and started beautifying the abandoned public park adjacent to their house. They did not bother to wait for Ludhiana Improvement Trust (LIT) to help. Now, they enjoy the bloom of their hard work.Verma said they had moved out of Model Gram nine years ago because there were no parks in the area. Unfortunately, even in SBS Nagar the situation was not good. \"Although there was land for parks, they lay in disarray and neither authorities nor residents cared. But, we could not bear the sight of an unused piece of land next to our house so we started digging and sowing. My wife supported the project and after years of persistent gardening we finally have a small but beautiful garden next door where kids play,\" said Jagdish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399266", "title": "Akshay Kumar injures his shoulder", "text": "His shoot schedules for Prabhu Devaa's Rowdy Rathore have been rather jinxed.On December 24, 2011, Mumbai Mirror reported how Akshay Kumar had come down with fever after shooting for an action scene in heavy rain for two consecutive days. And now we hear that the actor, who has been filming at the same location - an under construction site in Mulund - injured his shoulder while shooting for the film's pre-climax scene.A friend of the actor revealed that despite being hurt, Akshay completed the shoot. He only became aware of the intensity of the injury later. According to his friend, the actor has been advised complete rest and as a result, the film's shoot has been postponed.\"The injury was more serious than he expected. In fact, he was in such excruciating pain that he returned earlier than scheduled from Goa. After he threw a birthday bash for his father-in-law and actor Rajesh Khanna on December 28, Akshay decided against staying back for New Year and left the very next day,\" explained the actor's friend.Reportedly, the shoot of Rowdy Rathore was initially scheduled to resume on January 3, 2012 in Bangalore. However, due to Akshay's condition, his friend told us that the shoot has now been postponed to January 11.The friend added, \"Since Akshay has to shoot the climax scene, which demands heavy duty action sequences, he wanted to give his shoulder time to heal before he resumes work.\"Akshay Kumar remained unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11393865", "title": "Time again for Pune's biggest festival", "text": "PUNE: There is a chill in the evening air and, with it, still lingers the festive spirit of the New Year. It is almost as if something really good is about to happen. And you are right there. Because the biggest festival of the city, the Times Pune Festival, will take off on Saturday.So city dwellers, get ready to enjoy some foot-tapping music and enthralling plays. And let us not forget the cooking classes that will help you whip up those delicious delicacies right at home.The nine-day cultural bonanza will get rolling on Saturday with a call from across the border. Pop-Rock band from Pakistan Strings will belt out their smashing hits at the historic Shaniwarwada from 7 pm and, in their own words, they can't wait to entertain the Pune audience.\"This city's music lovers are heavily into rock, much like Bangalore. This is one incentive that tantalises musicians to perform here. Thus, the excitement with which we come to Pune is inexplicable. We hope that a lot of our fans show up at the concert,\" said Faisal Kapadia, vocalist in the band.King of Indi-Pop Shaan , who will charm the audience on January 8, echoed similar sentiments. \"Pune is a city of youth, who are very receptive to music,\" he said, adding: \"I have performed four times in the cultural capital over the last two months and have got excellent responses each time.\" We can promise that Sunday will be no different!Lovers of theatre take heart. On January 9, actor-director Lillete Dubey will be back in the city she adores with 'August: Osage County' - a Pulitzer winning play by Tracy Letts.Dubey shares an intimate connection with Pune. It is here that her maternal grandparents lived, an incentive that kept drawing her to the city time and again. \"My mother's home was in Salisbury Park. Therefore, my earliest and fondest memories of the city date back to the days when I visited my grandparents. In many ways, I am more familiar with Pune than I am with Mumbai,\" she said.Dubey will be followed by lyricist Javed Akhtar and actor Shabana Azmi who will present the most sought-after Hindi play 'Kaifi Aur Main' on January 10.It will be back to music from January 11 onwards, when Susheela Raman will present folk and jazz. A regular on the Times Festival circuit, Sivamani will be back with his trademark pulsating beats on January 12. Siva, as he is fondly called, has performed quite a few times in the city. And each time has left the audience asking for more. \"Though I have played a number of times here, every time there is something new. It is never the same thing,\" he says.Sivamani's performance will be followed by Javed Ali's who will present Bollywood songs on January 13. The stage then will be all set for violinist L Subramaniam who will mesmerise all with fusion on January 14.The festival will conclude with Punjabi-Pop by Jasbir Jassi, who feels that Pune brings out the best in him. \"I deliver at least four to five performances in the city annually, and each turns out to be memorable, thanks to the audience this city is blessed with. They have good taste in music. They savour every performance, each song and popular genres with the dexterity of experts,\" he said.Since no festival is complete without something to tickle the taste buds, we have specially requested leading chefs from the city to share some mouth-watering recipes and important tips for those perfect dishes. So put on your chef caps and aprons and head to hotel Shabree (January 12), Harajuku, O Hotel (January 13), The Great Kabab Factory, Hotel Radisson, and La Terrazza, Hyatt Regency , on January 14.Marriott Pune Hotel &amp; Convention Centre is the hospitality partner for the Times Pune Festival while Radio Mirchi is the radio partner.-----------------------BOXToday at the Times Pune FestivalCulture CurryStrings(Pop Rock)Shaniwarwada7 pm(Complimentary invites available on a first-come-first-serve basis at The Times of India office, F C Road, between 10 am and 5 pm)XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXIt's scintillating, it's enthralling and it's backPune's own festival is back to mesmerise you", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396450", "title": "Hearing adjourned on SMK plea", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice N Ananda adjourned to Tuesday the hearing on the petition filed by external affairs minister S M Krishna challenging the investigation ordered by the Special Lokayukta Court against him. Krishna, who was chief minister during 1999-2004 claimed there is no reference against him in the Lokayukta report and never held the mines and geology portfolio. There is a stay order in favour of Krishna.NOTICE TO POLICE CHIEFJustice S Abdul Nazir ordered notice to city police commissioner and Bharatinagar police on a petition filed by Kumar V Jahgirdar. The petitioner claimed the police are not registering an FIR against former India cricket captain Anil Kumble and his wife Chethana though he had registered a complaint on December 26 . Jahgirdar said he suspects Anil Kumble has signed in the column where he (Jahgirdar) should have signed in the passport renewal application pertaining to his minor daughter Aaruni. He also claims Chethana abetted this.JUDGE TAKES OATHJustice Dilip Babasaheb Bhosale took oath as a judge of the Karnataka High Court on Friday. He was transferred from Bombay High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11395844", "title": "\u2018Priest saved 4-yr-old Hitler from drowning\u2019", "text": "LONDON: A four-year-old boy saved by a priest from drowning in the icy waters of the River Inn in Germany in 1894 could have been Adolf Hitler , say historians.According to a newspaper report, which has surfaced in a German archive, the child was plucked from the river in Passau in January 1894. It quoted Max Tremmel that his predecessor Johann Kuehberger had rescued \"the terrified Hitler\".In fact, Father Tremmel said before his death in 1980 how Father Kuehberger , almost the same age as Hitler , had seen the other boy struggling in the river and dived in to rescue him. The story was never verified by the Nazi dictator during his lifetime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396247", "title": "Schoolgirl, painter commit suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: Fourteen-year-old R Ranjitha allegedly committed suicide in her house by setting herself on fire in Madavara village near Nelamangala in Bangalore Rural district on Friday morning. The reason is not known. She was a Class 9 student of Government High School, Nelamangala.Ranjitha was to leave for school with her classmates. They found the door locked. After repeated knocks, they peeped through a window to find the house full of smoke. Neighbours broke open the door and found Ranjitha's charred body. A kerosene bottle was found. Her parents, garment factory employees Ramesh and Shobha, and an elder brother had left for work earlier. The body was handed over to the family after the post mortem.A 28-year-old painter, Somashekhar, allegedly hanged himself from a tree in Sumanahalli off Magadi Road, on Thursday night. A resident of Kamalanagar, he left behind a death note, stating his parents and wife Parvathi had strained ties. \"But I am alone responsible for my death,\" he wrote. Preliminary investigation revealed Somashekhar married Parvathi seven years ago against his parents' wishes but recently, they'd been living separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11396502", "title": "Move to link portable electronic device with Aadhaar", "text": "RANCHI: The portable electronic device equipped to establish link with bank accounts and print transaction statements, will soon have a new model to enable it to be linked with Aadhaar number.The device will be used to establish the identity of an individual at lightning speed and authorize him to have a mobile SIM card or to avail cash reimbursement for the subsidy being given on LPG cylinders, food grains, fertilizers or kerosene.Talking to newsmen here on Friday, director general, Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), R S Sharma, said, \"Efforts are on to improvise the device further and link it with mobile technology. This device reads the finger print of a person and establishes his or her identity by sorting the biometrics from a pool of data stored with UIDAI data bank.\"Sharma was here on a three-day visit to monitor retail payment facilities through Aadhaar linked accounts. Expressing satisfaction over the working of the system, he gave final statistics about online transactions made till date during the trial run.Out of 12 blocks in the state, in which the government decided to launch UID-linked retail payment, the trial run has been initiated in Ratu block of Ranchi district, Chandil block of Saraikela district, Sadar block of Hazaribag district.Till date, 1,059 accounts have been credited using Aadhaar Payment Bridge (APB), whereas 1,275 account holders used Aadhaar enabled platform for transactions, including balance inquiry.Sharma said the portable device was developed under standards prescribed by a committee appointed by the Reserve Bank of India, which included the Indian Bank Association (IBA), UIDAI, National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) and the Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDBRT).\"The device costs around Rs 4,000 but the price is likely to come down once more manufacturers enter the market and demand increases,\" he said, forecasting a future price of Rs 10,000 approximately.\"These devices will not only help in bank transaction through business correspondents but also be used for various other operations that requires identification of an individual,\" he said.While cash transactions have been successfully experimented in Jharkhand, reimbursement against subsidy for LPG cylinders is being experimented in Karnataka, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.Sharma said the authority is concentrating on five diverse fields that include financial inclusion (bank operations), telecom inclusion (SIM disbursement after identity verification), subsidy linked with PDS, subsidy linked with LPG cylinders and subsidy linked with fertilizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394293", "title": "3 Divas to serenade opera lovers", "text": "MUMBAI: On July 7, 1990, on the eve of the Fifa World Cup final, Mumbai-born conductor Zubin Mehta led a massive orchestra at the Baths of Caracalla in Rome . Singer Jose Carreras , with his friends Placido Domingo and Luciano Pavarotti , performed as the Three Tenors at the concert, creating a concept that truly opened the gates of opera to the world.The magic will be recreated in the city on Monday evening at NCPA Tata Theatre, where British sopranos Patricia Rozario, originally from Mumbai, and Susanna Hurrell will team up with Goan prodigy Joanne D'Mello in a celebration of the female operatic voice, in the Three-Tenor style and format. The '3 Divas' will perform a variety of well-known arias, or songs, taken from popular operatic repertory.Rozario is one of Europe's leading opera exponents and a prominent soprano based at the Royal College of Music, where she teaches. She holds an Order of the British Empire for services to music, and has performed in many of the world's most prestigious venues. Her unsurpassed artistry and top-of-the-range clarity have inspired some of the world's finest contemporary composers, such as Arvo Part and Sir John Tavener, to write exclusively for her. She has recently given premiere performances of many works, most notably Jonathan Dove's settings of Vikram Seth's 'Minterne'.Rozario has a running project in India that teaches young opera singers the nuances of the art. \"It doesn't matter if you're British or Indian, these young sopranos are an example of what students can achieve if they work towards it,\" she told TOI in Goa, where the three sopranos performed before 600-odd people in Panaji. D'Mello and Hurrell are both her former students, and though Rozario has performed in Mumbai before, this is the first time she has embarked on a tour with her students, who are justifiably excited. \"It's a real honour to perform with our teacher,\" D'Mello (24) told TOI.Rozario is a long-running exponent of the idea that Western classical music shouldn't be confined to niche audiences that assemble inside opera houses. \"Seeing live music being performed on stage is second to none,\" she says.For the last two years, she has visited India several times to train aspiring sopranos, and bringing students on tour with her is perhaps a demonstration of what dedicated training and guidance can do to prospective opera singers.D'Mello and Hurrell have both finished conservatory and are in Belgium and Britain at Opera Studio, the stage in a singer's career between conservatory and professional singing. At the NCPA, the three will sing in Italian, French, German and English. The repertory, too, was carefully chosen to \"demonstrate the capabilities of the singers,\" said Rozario. It will include works by Mozart, Puccini, Handel, Massenet and Gounod. Two French arias on the repertory are set in Sri Lanka and India.The popularly recognizable aria, the Flower Duet from Delibes's Lakme, will be part of the concert.Though the arias are sung with orchestra, the concert will feature piano accompaniment, with British musician and founder of the Chamber Music Company Mark Troop on the instrument. The Mumbai concert will be their last stop of their India tour, after having performed in Delhi, Neemrana (Rajasthan), Goa and Pune.(The 3 Divas will perform at NCPA Tata Theatre on Jan 9 at 7 pm)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11401182", "title": "Dell names Felice as chief commercial officer", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Dell Inc named Steve Felice president and chief commercial officer, overseeing all its sales and marketing efforts as the company aims to sell more packages of technology products and services to businesses.Felice had been president of the world's third-largest personal-computer maker's consumer and small-and-midsize business sales and will now head all corporate, consumer and government units, Dell said in a statement. Paul Bell , who ran sales to large businesses and governments, will retire in March.The moves are designed to help Dell develop and market groups of products that better meet customers' needs, the company said. Round Rock, Texas-based Dell is seeking to transform from a low-cost PC maker into a broader supplier of computing devices, data-center equipment, software and technology services.\"This is still a company in transition,\" said Shaw Wu, an analyst at Sterne Agee &amp; Leach Inc in San Francisco , in a telephone interview. Felice, who headed the company's Asian operations until 2010, may help as it seeks more sales outside the US, Wu said. \"He definitely has a track record of execution,\" said Wu, who rates the shares \"neutral.\"Broadening Business Dell, which is competing in markets for servers, storage, networking and technology services with Hewlett-Packard Co and Cisco Systems Inc, has used acquisitions of companies such as Perot Systems Corp. to expand in those areas.Felice, 53, joined Dell in 1999. In 2010, Dell moved him from Singapore to its Texas headquarters to manage sales to small-and-midsize businesses, and last year gave him the company's low-margin consumer PC business. Profit from the consumer arm has improved as Dell has pared back its product line and walked away from price battles with rivals.Bell, 51, may pursue more personal philanthropy, said spokesman David Frink. Bell, who was president of the company's large enterprise and public-sector units, joined Dell 15 years ago.Frink said Felice wasn't available for an interview.Dell gained 1.1 per cent to $15.34 at the close in New York trading. The shares rose 8 per cent last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11394501", "title": "Rangayana to present works of Jnanpith awardees", "text": "MYSORE: This New Year season, theatre buffs can hope to log on to some of the classics in Kannada literature. Thanks to Rangayana, the national theatre festival Bahuroopi this edition is presenting the works of eight Jnanpith awardees from Kannada.Ahead of the big ticket event, there is a flurry of activities at the repertory theatre. Like the last season when Rangayana opened the show by presenting a play, the 2012 edition of the festival will be opened by the repertory presenting Shikara Surya. The festival rolling out from January 14 is making preparations and the zing is back at the Kalamandir cultural complex.On Friday, Rangayana released publicity materials for the fest, which is getting some of the best-known works from across India to the eight-day festival.Noted writers in different languages who have won Jnanpith awards will be featured at the festival, which has revived interest in theatre in Karnataka. Nine years ago, when Rangayana started its journey to host the annual winter theatre fest, it aimed at reviving the interest of the public in theatre activities. Now, the shows run in packed houses.Rangayana director B V Rajaram and CAVA dean V A Deshpande released the publicity materials, mainly posters. He said: \"The intention of the festival is to introduce the well-known Jnanpith awardees to the public, especially the student community.\"Even as Rangayana is preparing to play host, the artistes are busy in rehearsing. Krishna Prasad, a senior artiste said they have been practicing for two months. This is a coveted event and artistes from across India will come down by the second week of January. \"It is not just a festival for Rangayana. It is a festival for the whole of Mysore,\" adds Prasad. Last season, Rangayana presented the works of celebrated writer Ravindranath Tagore to mark his 150th birth anniversary. With Kannada netting eight Jnanpith awards this season-it is the highest among Indian languages-the focus is on their works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401201", "title": "Sienna Miller is engaged", "text": "Sienna Miller and Tom Sturridge are reportedly engaged.The 30-year-old actress and Tom, 26 - who are expecting their first child together in June - are also set to tie the knot after he proposed during a romantic trip to Paris, France after Christmas.A source told Life &amp; Style: \"They're engaged and really happy. Her family is happy, as they absolutely adore Tom.\"He proposed to Sienna during their romantic trip to Paris after Christmas. He filled their hotel suite at the Ritz with flowers and presented her with a vintage Victorian ring. It was incredibly romantic - she was blown away.Sienna - who has previously had a rocky relationship with Jude Law and reportedly enjoyed a fling with Daniel Craig - is said to be thrilled to have finally settled down with Tom.The insider said: \"She finally found the love of her life in Tom and couldn't be happier. She trusts Tom and is herself with him.\"There's no drama between them - they're made for each other.\"She can't wait to be a mother. The couple are over the moon with the news of the pregnancy.\"Friends of Sienna have given actor Tom the seal of approval and are delighted for the couple and \"not surprised by the news of the pregnancy\".A source said: \"Her friends are really happy with her relationship with Tom. He's younger, yes, but he's mature and he's a good guy - They're really good together.\"Sienna started dating Tom - who is friends with Robert Pattinson - just a few months after she split from fiance Jude for a second time in February 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394287", "title": "PIL against Anna, trust withdrawn", "text": "MUMBAI: A public interest litigation against social activist Anna Hazare and a trust was withdrawn after the Bombay High Court said it was inclined to dismiss it.The petition was filed by activist Hemant Patil of the Rashtriya Brashtachar Virodhi Janshakti, alleging that Hind Swaraj Trust and trustee Hazare had not submitted audited accounts for 2005-07.The judges said the petitioner should first take his grievance to the Charity Commissioner and only then come in public interest. The petition said that though a show-cause notice was issued after Patil filed a complaint, no action has been initiated. tnndespite knowledge that donations were received by misrepresentation to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396023", "title": "Sanjay Dutt\u2019s \u2018Vaastav\u2019 spawned these gangs: Cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sanjay Dutt reigned over a suburb of Mumbai in Bollywood flick 'Vaastav' with his gang called Fracture Gang. The gang justified its name as its members would break the bones of their victims. However, this reel life gang sowed the seeds of forming a real gang of goons in the minds of sons of mill workers and labourers in early 2007. They soon formed the gang with the sole purpose of extorting money from industrial units in eastern city parts.A senior police official told TOI that every deputy commissioner of police of Zone V area has tried to break the gang by arresting its members time and again, but to no avail. It was found that there were more than 20 gangs operating in the area by the name of Fracture Gang.Local residents, however, have a different tale to tell. \"The gang members work in connivance with the local cops and thus they are soon out of the lock-up after committing crimes such as extortion and assault. Some of the members openly boast that police can't do anything to them. In September last year, two factions of the gang engaged in a gunfight in a busy area,\" said a resident.Odhav police officials, however, shrug off the 'gang' tag. \"These are goons and unemployed youth. Branding them as a gang is a far-fetched. The incidents of extortion have no specific modus operandi. Some miscreants blackmail factory owners, but mainly because of old rivalry,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396149", "title": "Three more arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The forest department late on Thursday night arrested three more persons from the fishing community. With this, a total of nine persons have been arrested in the poaching of 64 lesser flamingos in Venasar village in Maliya Miyana taluka.Of the nine arrested, six were produced in the court and were remanded in custody of the forest department till Monday. Officials said that the nine arrested so far have been maintaining that it was for the first time that they had been involved in a poaching incident.On Friday, the six persons arrested on Thursday were produced in the magistrate court in Morbi and after hearing the arguments at length, the magistrate granted their two day remand till Monday. The forest department had sought remand for seven days.The forest department in the arguments submitted that there were still more accused to be arrested and the investigating team wanted to recover the knife and other weapons and nets that have been used for the poaching of the 64 flamingos.Officials said that now that the remand has been granted, the forest department will on Saturday carry out reconstruction of the incident.The forest department will now inquire as to where these accused were selling the flamingo meat and where was it sold and for what purpose. So far one of the accused has even confessed during interrogation that they had even used the meat in one of the parties in a village in Morbi Taluka for the celebrations after the gram panchayat elections.The gram panchayat elections were held on December 29 while the counting took place on December 31. Officials said they are now probing the fresh angle of gram panchayat elections also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11395704", "title": "Of criminal pasts and crorepati MLAs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Money and muscle power play a dominate factor in electoral politics with over 65% of the Punjab assembly and half the Goa House dominated by crorepatis.Data analyzed by Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) show that 35% of sitting MLAs in the five poll-bound states are crorepatis. Of the 690 MLAs analysed, 190 or 28% have criminal cases against them.ADR, a think-tank working on electoral reforms, has analyzed affidavits of 690 legislators in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Uttarakhand, Goa and Manipur. Of the 190 MLAs who face criminal charges, 89 have declared serious IPC charges like murder and attempt to murder against them.Uttar Pradesh tops the hall of shame with 143 of the total 403 MLAs, or 35% charged with criminal cases. Of the 143, 19% or 76 have serious criminal cases against them.UP is followed by Uttarakhand with 24% or 17 of the 70 MLAs facing criminal charges.Goa with 23% -- that is nine out of 40 MLAs facing criminal charges -- comes third. Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal is the only CM among the five analyzed who faces criminal cases, including charges of cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy.BSP's Dhirendra Pratap Singh has the highest number of criminal cases (29), followed by his colleague Sushil Kumar with 14 pending against his name. The charges are related to murder and attempt to murder.A total of 239 MLAs that is 35% of those contesting in the five states are crorepatis. The bulk are in the Punjab where 67% of the MLAs analysed are crorepatis followed by 55% of legislators in Goa and 32% in Uttar Pradesh. Mayawati is the richest CM with Rs 87.27 crore in assets while Manipur CM Okram Ibobi Singh boasts of the lowest assets worth Rs 6.09 lakh. In Punjab, the three richest MLAs are from Congress, including former CM Amarinder Singh with total declared assets of Rs 38 crore, Rana Rajbans Kaur from Kapurthala with assets of Rs 33 crore and Jasbir Singh Khangura from Qila Raipur who owns assets worth Rs 25 crore.In Goa, the richest MLA is IND's Anil Vasudev Salgaonkar with assets of Rs 71 crore followed by Monserrate Atanasio of the UGDP with Rs 15 crore and Alemao Joaquim with Rs 9 crore in assets. UPs richest MLA is Congress ' Ajay Pratap Singh alias Lalla Bhaiya from Colonelganj with Rs 31 crore followed by Nand Gopal Gupta of BSP with Rs 15 crore and Umlesh Yadav from RPD with Rs 14 crore. Incidentally , a majority of the MLAs have declared their PAN number leaving only 34% who have not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11402419", "title": "Amarinder Singh's brother joins Akali Dal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Punjab chief minister Captain Amarinder Singh's younger brother Malwinder Singh, who was upset at not being given a party ticket to contest in the ensuing assembly elections, quit Congress and joined the party's only rival in the state, Shiromani Akali Dal. This was seen as a major blow to Amarinder Singh.A bitter Malwinder, seated beside a beaming Sukhbir said, \" Congress is not the Congress party it was. There are vested interests within the party and the ideology it stood for is not there any more.\"However bitter Malwinder might be, he made it abundantly clear that he would not work against his brother. \" I will not contest or speak against my brother, Captain Amarinder Singh, ever,\"he said.For the ruling SAD fighting anti-incumbency in Punjab, Malwinder's support to Akali Dal is a shot in the arm at a time when it is needed the most. SAD president Sukhbir Badal and his father and chief minister PS Badal, both have earned negative mileage for having a divided domestic house as Sukhbir sparred with his cousin and then finance minister in his party, Manpreet Badal. The senior Badal, the chief minister, is himself poised to contest against his younger brother from Lambhi seat, Gurdas Badal.Dwelling upon his reasons for quitting Congress, Malwinder said that he had been helping the party since 1975. \" In 2002 elections, I was asked to withdraw my candidature though Sonia Gandhi game me a ticket from Samana. But in 2007 I had applied and for reasons best known to the party, I was not given a ticket. And in 2012 elections there are vested interests which worked against me,\"'said Malwinder Singh.While Captain Amarinder Singh had held a media briefing during the day in which he had said that his brother would be convinced and mollified and will reconcile. Reacting to Amarinder's claims, Malwinder said, \" There is now no hope of reconciliation. I have taken a decision which was mine to take. And I have a reputation among those who know me that I keep my word. Also, what would I be seen as if I flip flop like this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11394695", "title": "Deserted McLeodganj upsets tourists", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Dominated by Tibetan community, this hill station is currently upsetting the plans of tourists arriving here to see snowfall, as most residents have gone to Bodh Gaya in Bihar to attend Kalchakra teachings.Known for Tibetan culture, McLeodganj is flourishing market for Himalayan artifacts. It is also an attraction for westerners, in search of Tibetan culture and spiritual sustenance.Streets of this revered hill station is wearing a deserted look as shops, mostly owned by Tibetans selling ethnic clothes, dishes or cosmetics, were also closed, to the disappointment of revelers.\"Almost all Tibetans are in Bodh Gaya to participate in the Kalchakra (Wheel of time) ceremony and pray for world peace. Tibetan leader, the 14th Dalai Lama, will be leading the ceremonies at Bodh Gaya, which started on December 31,\" said Rigzin, a Tibetan woman in the main Buddhist temple here.\"Dalai Lama would confer the Kalchakra initiation from January 1 to 10. Kalachakra initiation in Bodh Gaya is taking place after nine years. This would be the 32nd occasion since the Dalai Lama started the ceremony for the first time in May 1954 at the Norbulingka Palace in Lhasa , Tibet,\" she said.However, tourists arriving here to enjoy snowfall and Tibetan dishes were now feeling deprived of furn. Dejected, some of them have changed their plans and are heading for Kulu and Manali.\"I have come here for the first time to experience the different Tibetan culture and enjoy the natural beauty, but loneliness here is biting. We are leaving for Manali today,\" said Pankaj Chaturvedi from Delhi.Ravi Kumar, manager of Hotel Tethong here, said that the number of guests in the hotel have suddenly declined these days. \"Since most Buddhist scholars are in Bodh Gaya, the number of foreigners here has also come down,\" he added.Kalchakra teachings are rare occasions when prayers/rituals are held for world peace and smooth advancement of Tibetan Buddhism, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11394468", "title": "NOCs cancelled for 10 petrol pumps", "text": "GURGAON: The district magistrate-cum-deputy commissioner, P C Meena, has cancelled the no objection certificates (NOCs) issued to 10 petrol pumps located in the district. These NOCs were issued to the petrol pumps between January 2000 and May 2005 subject to conditions that the pumps had not met.The 10 petrol pumps whose conditional NOCs have been cancelled by the district magistrate include eight pumps of Indian Oil Corporation, One of Bharat Petroleum and one of Essar Oil Limited.The petrol pumps are Essar Company pump at village Bohra Kalan, Bharat Petroleum pump at Sector 14 Gurgaon, Indian Oil Corporation pumps at Sohna Chowk, Sohna, the retail outlet at village Narsingpur on NH-8, the pump at village Sidhrawali on NH-8, the pump at village Alipur on Gurgaon- Sohna road, another pump at village Sidhrawali located on the left hand side on NH-8 while going from Delhi to Jaipur, the pump at village Farukhnagar on State Highway 15 A, the pump at village Manesar, and the pump located opposite the new court on Sohna Road in Gurgaon.These oil companies were issued show-cause notices several times and were asked to fulfil the conditions within 60 days but a majority of them did not respond. The pumps did not take NOCs from the National Highways Authority, ministry of environment &amp; forests, PWD and fire department. The Bharat Petroleum pump at Sector 14 Gurgaon had not made fire-fighting arrangements as proposed by the fire station officer of the then municipal council of Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396764", "title": "Killing pain without painkillers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Pain management or algiatry is an emerging field of medicine. It involves a multidisciplinary approach to improve the lives of those suffering pain. The developments in this discipline has led to the establishment of several pain management centres in the city, however a valid certification does not exist for this outside the US.NRG pain management expert Dr Vikram Patel is now making an effort to bring pain management to Gujarat. Patel recently held a four-day clinic as well as seminars for doctors in Ahmedabad and Surat on the subject. His next aim is to begin a fellowship programme in pain management in Gujarat. \"The idea is to certify doctors in pain management so that the best possible way to reduce a patient's suffering is taken. Pain management involves not just treatment of a particular disease but the optimal treatment for pain itself focused on the individual. For example if an interventional technique can take away a patient's pain from an arthriti c spine, t h i s must b e done. Sometimes the treatment for arthritis itself may not be necessary,\" says Patel.\"We are in talks with health minister Jay Narayan Vyas to see if we can start a pain management fellowship programme in the state,\" Patel says.\"My motto is very simple - to reduce pain in the world,\" says Patel who was born in Ahmedabad in 1959. Patel studied at Best High School, Maninagar. He began his MMBS in 1978 and did his MD in anesthesiology in 1984 from BJ Medical.He moved to the US after that and did his residency at the Medical College of Ohio in Toledo. Later he enrolled in the pain fellowship at the same institute and went on to become director of the pain practice programme.Patel is renowned as an expert and is also a fellow and an examiner for the World Institute of Pain Practice and visiting faculty at many top medical institutes like Beth Israel , Cornell University etc in the US. He has his own practice in Chicago and has authored several papers and is a reviewer for 'Pain Practice', the discipline's official journal.Patel says that pain management can also help to manage dependency on painkillers. In the US such dependency on painkillers is a big problem. After treatment people become physically and sometimes psychologically dependant on painkillers. This has reached such a stage where 80 % of the world's medical narcotics like opiates are used in the country. \"This is not as bad a problem in India where opiates are less available,\" says Patel.\"When studying, I preferred things that can be done by my own hands, like dissections. So I became an interventional pain physician. Although pain management includes many different approaches, my work in particular is to kill pain without painkillers,\" says he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11394445", "title": "Sullia former MLA gets a house finally", "text": "MANGALORE: This former MLA could be the beacon for the Anna Hazare movement. When most former and present day MLAs have a home of their own and are financially well off to see them through difficult times, 61-year-old former Sullia MLA Bakila Hukrappa still lives in his in-laws' house.Now his wife, Chaniyaru, has been sanctioned Rs 50,000 by the state government under the Ashraya Yojana. \"I heard the state has granted funds to build a home of my own. I'm still waiting for the funds to be sanctioned,'' said Hukrappa to TOI.Jyothi Premanand, a panchayat member, said the first installment of Rs 20,000 was credited to the bank accounts of eight beneficiaries in the panchayat a few days ago. Under this scheme, the government sanctions Rs 50,000 and the beneficiary has to put his/her own funds of Rs 3,000 and get loan for another Rs 10,000 from the bank.Bakila, who was the MLA from the reserved Sullia constituency in 1983, has performed a hat trick of wins in GP polls by winning twice from Nalkuru and once from Guthigaru panchayats.When asked why he had not sought the government's help as a former MLA to build his own house , Hukrappa said: People had elected me to serve them and not to receive favours for myself. \"Even my wife was chosen as a beneficiary from the panchayat. I was not responsible for it,'' he said.Bakila's assets declared during 2008 assembly polls were 2.53 acres of land at Nalkur village, Rs 250 in the savings bank account and his wife Chaniyaru's two earrings worth Rs 4,000.He eked out a living rubber tapping till his pension was hiked substantially in 2008 from Rs 5,500 to Rs 15,000. The entire amount goes towards his family and in-laws and the education of his grandchildren. Of his three children, elder daughter Varija is married. His daughter Harinakshi and son Chandrakantha, 24, who flunked SSLC, do not have a job.He first stood for elections in 1978 as an Independent from both Sullia and Puttur and lost miserably.In 1983, Hukrappa as a BJP candidate won, but to his bad luck, his term lasted only for two years due to the political turmoil during the Ramakrishna Hegde government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11393540", "title": "HC tells BMC to set up panel on Victorias", "text": "MUMBAI: A special committee will now look into the issues concerning the city's iconic Victorias and the ill-treatment meted out to the horses. The Bombay high court on Friday asked the Brihanmumbai Municipal C orporation to set up a committee with a mandate to carry out a survey about the condition of horses which are used for the carriages and check the problem of illegal stables in the city.The committee, to be constituted by the executive health officer of the corporation, would comprise veterinary doctors, officers from the traffic police department, a representative of the association of horse carriage owners and a member of the NGO Animals and Birds Charitable Trust. The court has asked the committee to submit its report within six weeks.\"The committee will conduct a survey and identify ailing horses in the city. Those requiring emergency treatment will be shifted to the trust's farm in Panvel,\" said advocate Vikram Trivedi, counsel for the petitioner trust. ABCT has sought a ban on horse-driven carriages in the city.The horse owners complained that their licences were being terminated without giving them a hearing. Advocate Geeta Joglekar, counsel for the BMC, refuted the allegation and told the court that action was being taken against horse owners who are violating rules.In November 2011, the high court had ordered a crackdown on the cruel treatment meted out to horses in the city lodged in illegal stables. The court had said that the horses seized could be rehabilitated at the farm in Panvel.There are 130 Victorias, 172 horses and 107 drivers in the city. By the BMC's own admission there are 10 stables in Mumbai of which only one - the stables of the Royal Western India Turf Club at Mahalaxmi - has a license. Most of the horses are used for joyrides in Dadar Chowpatty, Marine Drive, Gateway of India and Juhu beach. Way back in 1974, the government had decided not to issue any new licenses for stables. Most horse owners/drivers would then get the licenses renewed. Since 2006, the BMC has banned keeping of cattle in the city or suburbs. According to the government, the license of 125 of the 135 Victorias had been renewed.The ABCT in its petition alleged that the horses were being house in illegal stables in inhumane conditions. Over-burdening the horses by carrying more passengers, malnutrition, and lack of proper medical care were common problems. The skin of the horses had burn marks from the limestone that is used to cover saddle wounds, while the metal spike in the placed in the mouths to rein them in would cause injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395606", "title": "Large turnout at traditional medicines fair on Day 1", "text": "JAIPUR: The fair on traditional medicines 'Arogya' saw a large turnout on Day 1 at the SMS Investment Grounds on Friday.With the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas starting from Saturday, the organizers are optimistic about NRIs too attending the fair.The fair, which is being organized by the state government in association with the Ministry of health and family welfare and FICCI, was inaugurated by chief minister Ashok Gehlot .The fair saw participation by a large number of doctors of traditional medicines from various parts of the country. Over 450 patients were provided free medical services at the fair.The doctors spoke at length about various de-stress therapies to help the urban residents cope up with the pressures of a fast-paced lifestyle. One Arun Rishi from Madhya Pradesh suggested 'clapping therapy' wherein; he claimed that 15 seconds of clapping a day can help to ward off diseases.The fair also provided a platform for knowledge sharing among doctors. Homeopathy doctor Tadkeshwar Jain from Jaipur talked about respiratory diseases and how these can be treated by homeopathic medicines.Unani doctors from Bangalore and Lucknow participated in the fair. Over 70 companies specialising in traditional medicines have set up their stalls at the fair, said Ashok Shekhar, principal secretary, ayurveda.\"We will organize nukkad nataks to promote traditional medicines during the fair,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395872", "title": "PM to preside over a meeting of council of ministers on Jan 8", "text": "JAIPUR: Other than showcasing the state USP to the visiting Diaspora during the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas, the entire council of ministers and top bureaucrats are eyeing some brownie points from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh by showing a vision document that entails the state development roadmap.Singh will be here on Sunday as chief guest for the inaugural ceremony of the event. Official sources said that Singh will preside over a meeting of the state council of ministers at the Raj Bhawan on Sunday morning. Apart from the ministers, 13 parliamentary secretaries in the Ashok Gehlot team and a few senior bureaucrats including chief secretary Salauddin Ahmad will attend the meeting.The sources claimed that state chief secretary Salauddin Ahmad will give a power point presentation to the Prime Minister about \"Vision Rajasthan\". 'Vision Rajasthan' lays special focus on power, education and infrastructure.\"Depending on the presentation, we expect that the Prime Minister will do some value addition to the plan,\" a senior minister in the Gehlot government said. The meeting is scheduled at the Raj Bhawan at 10.30 am and is expected to last for an hour.Insiders say the council of ministers is likely to take up the pending demands of the state with the Prime Minister. This includes the long-pending demand of a special status for the state based on the severe drinking water crisis here and setting up of a refinery and other projects related to power among others. Review of implementation of the Centre's flagships projects in the state is also expected during the meeting.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot while interacting with mediapersons on Friday confirmed that the pending demands for a refinery and special status for the desert state, would be taken up with the Prime Minister. \"These are long-pending demands, which the PM is aware about and which have been raised by the state government on several occasions. Though the state government has taken measures to deal with the water crisis, more needs to be done. All these matters would be discussed with him,'' Gehlot said.The Prime Minister's session with the state representatives was organized at the last moment as it was not planned in the beginning.As per the initial schedule, Singh had to attend the inaugural session for an hour and had to rush back to Delhi immediately. However, the Prime Minister agreed to stay back for another hour following a request from the state government.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot said that the great Indian Diaspora embodies the indomitable Indian spirit of Karma, enterprise, harmony and love for the land of their roots. He appreciated their enthusiastic participation in PBD over the years and their eagerness to connect with their motherland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11393462", "title": "Vidyarthi Sena banned from campus", "text": "MUMBAI: The management council of Mumbai University on Friday has decided to ban the Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena (MNVS) from entering both the university's campuses for the next three years following the face-blackening incident where controller of examinations Vilas Shinde was injured. Following a paper leak incident, members from the MNVS had blackened Shinde's face accusing him of mismanagement.A council member also claimed that a state government committee that probed Shinde's appointment said that he should be removed from his services as he did not have 15 years of experience for the required post.The council members have banned MNVS from entering university's campuses in Kalina and Fort for three years. Following a paper leak incident, members from the organisation had blackened Shinde's face accusing him of mismanagement. Sainath Durge and six of his accomplices have been banned from the campus. Earlier the university had banned the students' outfit for a year after they had vandalised the registrar's office at Fort campus.According to a council member, the two-member committee by the state government said that the CoE's post required 15 years of teaching experience, which was not fulfilled. The committee also asked the university to initiate action against university officials who were involved in the appointment process, said the member. However, Mumbai University has now formed a one-member committee of a retired High Court Justice who will investigate the matter and ensure natural justice is given to Shinde. Shinde, however, denied the allegations saying, he has not received any such communication from the university and claimed that these are rumours to malign his name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395340", "title": "Asghar Ali granted bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mohammed Asghar Ali, the prime accused in the Haren Pandya murder case who was acquitted by the Gujarat High Court in August last year and subsequently arrested in a different case in Hyderabad was granted bail by the Eighth Metropolitan Sessions Judge at Nampally court on Friday.Police had arrested him on October 23 as he walked out of Sabarmati Central Jail in connection with the case in which he is alleged to have helped a murder accused, Mirza Fayyaz Ahmed Baig, escape from the police custody in 1998.Asghar Ali and his friend Abdul Bari, the police alleged, helped Baig, who was wanted in the murder of BJP municipal councillor Nandraj Goud in 1996. The case is registered with the Nampally police station. After keeping him in Chanchalguda jail, the police had transferred him to Visakhapatnam prison.The magistrate while passing the bail orders, directed the police to frame charges against the accused by the next hearing on January 18.According to his lawyer M A Azeem, it would take some time for Asghar Ali to come out from the prison as \"there are technical procedures to be completed.\"Police said that Asghar is involved in two more cases. He is an accused in the 1999 tiffin bomb blast case at Kakatiya restaurant in Moghalpura. He is charged under Section 307 (attempt to murder) in that case. There is another case of conspiracy against the state in which Asghar Ali is booked. This case is being handled by the CID. Sources said that the Counter Intelligence Cell that arrested Asghar Ali after he was released from Gujarat prison believes that he is a dangerous criminal and therefore,it would like to keep him behind bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394479", "title": "Chennai Open courts foreign tourists", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Open tennis championships may be losing its appeal for fans from India, but the ATP event seems to be a big draw for European tourists. So much so that the tournament organizers can shrug off reports about the dwindling crowds and say, \"It's fine if people here don't want to watch us, we continue to be watched worldwide\".The annual tournament is popular enough to have these tourists to actually fit the southern coastal metro and more importantly the Chennai Open into their schedules.Steve Jones and Vicente Sanchez, two friends from Spain on a holiday in India, have been following the tournament for more than a decade. \"We have been watching the tournament on television back home for more than 10 years, so I decided that if I made a trip to India, then I would definitely catch the Chennai Open,\" said Jones from Malacca in Spain. The pair says that Spaniards consider the Chennai Open lucky for their Spanish tennis stars. \"The final between Nadal and Moya here in Chennai had every household in Alacante glued to their television sets,\" says Sanchez.The men, who had hoped to watch their countryman Nicolas Almagro in action on Thursday evening, were disappointed when his match was cancelled, but are hoping to catch the player over the next few days.Top seeded Janko Tipsarevic continues to be a star attraction not just for local spectators but Serbs too. A Serbian family on a two-week holiday in India decided to show some support to their star and also to watch a tournament they have been following back home for a few years now.\"Tennis is really big back in Serbia, so we watch tournaments that take place across the world. I have been watching the Chennai Open for at least four years. Last year we followed the tournament closely,\" said Marijeta R from Novi Sad in Serbia. \"When we realized Tipsarevic is playing, we decided we had to watch him in Chennai, so we are here and the whole experience is so exciting,\" says Marijeta's daughter Mira.Sandra Puhr, on vacation from Germany, thought the Chennai Open would excite her two boys. \"They play tennis, and have been watching this tournament for the last two years, so they are very excited to see the action,\" she said. \"I am a huge fan of Nadal, I remember him playing this tournament and watching his matches, so when we were in Kerala we heard tickets were available, we decided to catch it,\" said Victoria Marielli from Italy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11395805", "title": "Bhanwari case: Fresh evidence recovered", "text": "JODHPUR: The Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) team on Friday recovered a wooden bat, two country-made pistols, bone pieces, a bangle and a gunny bag from the crater and the canal near Jaloda village where Bhanwari Devi was allegedly burnt to ashes by the gang of Bishnaram Bishnoi.The CBI team is trying to reconstruct sequence of events using these items. Sources said the agency has come to the conclusion that Bhanwari was first burnt to ashes and then her skull was smashed with a bat. Those who disposed of the body also dumped the weapons used in the crime at the site.The CSFL team continued operation for the second day at the site where the body was burnt and the canal, where her remains were dumped. The evidences will be taken to New Delhi for analysis before the team arrives at any conclusion. CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said the forensics team will revisit the sites on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395368", "title": "PDKV students get Rs 1.33 per day as stipend", "text": "NAGPUR: Imagine working for a meagre stipend of Rs 1.33 per day! Seems bizarre but it's harsh reality for 25-odd students of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth's (PDKV) College of Agriculture in Nagpur who are pursuing one-year diploma course in gardening. While in the 60s, an entire family could have had a grand dinner with this amount, in 21st century you don't even get half a cup of tea.Recently, the Central government was subject to popular flak when the planning commission declared the poverty line to be at expenditure level of Rs 32 a day. These students do much worse than even that. These students and their predecessors have to work for nine hours a day for 40 per month which comes to Rs 1.33 per day. All of them hail from poor families who eke out their living through farming.\"It is very stressful to manage with this stipend but I try with the support of my father,\" said student Nilupa Ramteke, a widow. She is also mother of a kid but depends on her father, who sells kerosene, for financial support and education.\"Living in Panchavati Nagar, I face immense problems in reaching the college as the bus service is not prompt. I have to spend a lot of money on hiring an auto or cycle-rickshaw,\" she said. \"My father can barely afford to support my travel expenses. Our situation worsened when the government limited the kerosene supply to reserved category licence holders,\" she added. Nilupa is, however, determined to take up a job after completion of course.Vinod Wadhai (23), who lives in Gittikhadan, also finds it difficult to pursue the course at such a meagre amount. For him, the month's stipend is not sufficient even for one day's travel expenses.\"The college should at least provide Rs 100 per day which is what it costs to travel to college for classes. Even the autorickshaw charges minimum Rs 80 from my home to college,\" a bitter Vinod told TOI.For Kajol Dhengde, this is the way of life.\"Even our seniors used to get the same amount. We can't do anything and we are resigned to our fate. Now, our only aim is to complete the course and get a decent job,\" she said.\"Whenever we approached the college authorities, we were sent back with tall promises. They cited a court case as the reason for not hiking the stipend,\" she informed.College of Agriculture dean PG Ingole, however, said he had no clue regarding any court case but four months back the management submitted a request to PDKV office in Akola for hiking the stipend. \"We have demanded increasing the amount to Rs`100 per month,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11395914", "title": "Special status still a distant dream for Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had handed over a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on January 3, reiterating Odisha's special category status (SCS) demand. The PM was here to inaugurate the 99th Indian Science Congress.Odisha has been unsuccessfully pressing for SCS since 1979. The then chief minister Nilamani Routray first raised the issue at a National Development Council (NDC) meeting. Ever since, Odisha has taken up the demand at different central fora at least 15 times, including on eight occasions during the past decade by the Naveen Patnaik government.The concept of special category status, which helps states get higher proportion of central assistance under various schemes, came into vogue in April 1969, with the NDC approving the Gadgil Formula.Speaking at KIIT convocation, Ahluwalia said the country's economy will register a robust growth in the next 20 years, throwing up better job prospects. \"The growth in Indian economy will be between 8 and 9% per year in the next 20 years and the annual per capita income will witness a growth of 7 to 8%. Since the population growth is going down, it will shore up the growth rate,\" said Ahluwalia, who also addressed the 11th foundation day of Nalco here on Friday.\"The year 2011 was a slightly slower growth year, but it does not mean the growth story is over. There is nothing wrong with our policies. Lots of ideas are in the pipeline and lots of action will take place in the next few months,\" Ahluwalia said. He forecast India occupying the third position behind China and USA in terms of GDP growth 20 years from now. He advocated the need for promotion of education in public private partnership (PPP) mode. He said the Centre has always given top priority to expansion of education in the country.Tripura governor D Y Patil was conferred with D.Litt. degree. Senior lawyer of the Supreme Court Ram Jethmalani was conferred with D.Law, Planning Commission member Narendra Jadhav D.Sc. and Supreme Court lawyer Pinky Anand was honoured with D.Law degrees at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11396056", "title": "Kandhamal observes bandh against Maoist violence", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Kandhamal district observed a bandh on Friday to register its protest against Maoist violence and as a mark of homage to the three policemen who died in the landmine blast on Thursday. Anger was writ large on the faces of people as they stood along roads and showered flowers on the bodies taken out in a procession in the district headquarters town of Phulbani, before being cremated.Several towns of Kandhamal, including Raikia, G Udayagiri, Khajuripada and Baliguda joined the bandh, with traders downing their shutters. Schools and colleges were closed for the day as well.Amid the atmosphere of anxiety and uneasy calm in the region, senior police officials held closed door meetings to take stock of the situation and chalk out strategies to counter the extremists.The recovery of a camera flash from the blast site lent a totally new angle to Maoist activity in the area. \"Landmine blasts have taken place earlier, but use of camera flash for explosion is something totally new here,\" southern range DIG R K Sharma told TOI over the phone.Camera flash as a device is said to be helpful in causing landmine blast from a distance. Since the Thursday blast happened only after two policemen passed the place in motor cycles, police suspect the operator was perhaps hiding in the jungle, at least 100 meters away, before triggering the button at a time of his choice.\"We suspect there could be more landmines in the area. Intensive combing operation has been going on with the help of CRPF, SOG, Cobra units and other police officials,\" the DIG said.Two days ago, one Maoist cadres had died while planting a landmine in the same area. Earlier on November 27, 2010, five persons, including a pregnant woman, were killed when Maoists blew up an ambulance near Bramhanigaon.The place where two landmine blasts have been reported in the last few days falls under the contiguous hilly and inaccessible terrain, comprising areas of Rayagada, Gajapati and Kandhamal districts. Police suspect the Maoists have been desperately trying to increase their presence in the area, particularly after two CRPF camps were set up there.\"The region being full of forest and thinly inhabited provides a perfect setup for the Maoists to hide, conduct training camps and launch attacks in neighbouring areas. The Maoists found it inconvenient to continue their activities without challenge after two CRPF camps were set up at Subarnagiri and Srirampur,\" said a police official.\"The two landmine blasts indicate the extremists targeted the CRPF movement. The 10-km-long road from Ora to Srirampur is full of potholes and takes long hours for any vehicle to move. This helped the Maoists to plant the landmines there, because it was very difficult to see any danger ahead,\" the police official pointed out.He further said the blast might have been the handiwork of militia groups belonging to the Ghumsar division of the Maoists. \"The militias are not full-time Maoists, but are their over ground supporters. They are silent operators and difficult to be identified easily. We feel the blasts were caused by them,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11394064", "title": "CBI announces Rs 5 lakh reward for info on Shetty\u2019s murder", "text": "PUNE: The Pune unit of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh to any person who provides credible information about the suspects involved in the murder of RTI activist Satish Shetty.Shetty was killed near his residence at Talegaon Dabhade on January 13, 2010. The Pune rural police had conducted investigations and filed a chargesheet against a criminal lawyer and others. The Bombay high court had taken suo motto cognisance of the murder and had directed the CBI to conduct investigations.In a statement issued by the CBI, superintendent of police Vidya Kulkarni said, \"Anybody giving credible information regarding the accused persons involved in the crime leading to their arrest in this case will be given a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh.\" The identity of the informant will be protected, she added.Information can be given to the superintendent of police, CBI, anti-corruption bureau, GPOA, Kendriya Sadan, A-Wing, opposite Akurdi railway station, Pune - 411044. The CBI can also be contacted on telephone numbers 020-27642501, 27642503, 27642504 and 27642502 and on email id: hobacpune@cbi.gov.in or spacpune@cbi.gov.in.The information can also be given to the SP, Pune on 9422258484 or DIG (Range),Pune: The Pune unit of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh to any person who provides credible information about the suspects involved in the murder of RTI activist Satish Shetty. Shetty was killed near his residence at Talegaon Dabhade on January 13, 2010.The Pune rural police had conducted investigations and filed a chargesheet against a criminal lawyer and others. The Bombay high court had taken suo motto cognisance of the murder and had directed the CBI to conduct investigations.In a statement issued by the CBI, superintendent of police Vidya Kulkarni said, \"Anybody giving credible information regarding the accused persons involved in the crime leading to their arrest in this case will be given a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh.\" The identity of the informant will be protected, she added.Information can be given to the superintendent of police, CBI, anti-corruption bureau, GPOA, Kendriya Sadan, A-Wing, opposite Akurdi railway station, Pune - 411044. The CBI can also be contacted on telephone numbers 020-27642501, 27642503, 27642504 and 27642502 and on email id: hobacpune@cbi.gov.in or spacpune@cbi.gov.in.The information can also be given to the SP, Pune on 9422258484 or DIG (Range),DIG (Range),Mumbai on 9969201912.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394401", "title": "India keen to give Bangladesh \u2018most preferred nation\u2019 status: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Friday said it was keen to give Bangladesh 'most preferred nation' status for trade across the border and would try to ensure capital flows to that country for business.Stating that both the countries could join hands in making this part of the world a hub of business activities, home minister P Chidambaram said Bangladesh was blessed with natural resources, especially natural gas and India was blessed with entrepreneurs and capital.\"Joining hands together, so much business can be created on both sides of the border. I think it is important that businessmen look upon Bangladesh and India as one market, as a market where goods and services can be produced, traded and exchanged.\"That is why we are very keen to gift Bangladesh the most preferred nation status for trade across the border (so that) trade between the two countries takes place almost tariff free. We should reach out to Bangladesh,\" he said.Addressing the Northeast Business Summit, Chidambaram said since India's economy was many times bigger than the economy of Bangladesh, it was New Delhi's responsibility to give access to goods and services from Dhaka.\"It is India's responsibility to ensure that capital flows from India to Bangladesh to start businesses,\" he said.Praising Bangladeshi PM Sheikh Hasina , Chidambaram said India today has the best of relationship with Bangladesh, thanks to the vision and statesmanship of the prime minister.\"I want to pay tribute to the vision and statesmanship of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. India and Bangladesh are today closer than ever before. We are perhaps today as close as the day on which Bangladesh was liberated,\" Chidambaram said.Referring to Myanmar, the home minister said India had a difficult time with the country in the past which had changed now as the new government in Myanmar appeared to be more open, more forward looking and more willing to solve problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11396329", "title": "EC serves notice on dy CM Pawar for violating code", "text": "MUMBAI: The state election commission (SEC) will serve a show-cause notice to deputy chief minister and Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP) leader Ajit Pawar for violating the civic poll code of conduct.On Thursday, the Pune wing of the Shiv Sena filed a complaint against Pawar, saying he presided over the groundbreaking ceremony for a bridge on the Mumbai-Pune highway at Shivajinagar, Pune. The complaint stated that the ceremony was carried out after the code of conduct came into effect.Pawar is the first senior politician against whom an allegation of poll code violation has been levelled in the run-up to the municipal elections, slated for February 16.The SEC has asked Pune's divisional commissioner to look into the complaint and submit a report at the earliest. State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan said the Pune municipal commissioner was conducting a thorough inquiry and the facts of the matter would soon emerge. An SEC official said the commission had not given permission to Pawar to attend the ceremony . \"The notice for him has been drafted and will be delivered by Saturday morning,\" the official said.On Thursday, the Sena also filed a complaint, in Mumbai against MLA Kalidas Kolambkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393545", "title": "AN College to teach foreign languages", "text": "PATNA: A N College has decided to start new courses in German and French languages soon to fulfill the needs of the students. The college, which has already started course in Korean language, is likely to shortlist candidates for these courses shortly, said college principal Haridwar Singh. According to Singh, the college will also start diploma course in journalism from the current academic session. Two short-term vocational courses in chemistry and biophysics will also be introduced in the college soon, he said.New examination hall: The state government has given a grant of Rs 2 crore to A N College to build an examination hall on its sprawling college campus. This facility will help the college to hold classes on a regular basis. Besides, the proposed examination hall will facilitate the college to hold examination other than the university examinations without suspending classes, Singh said. He said that each department of the college has been linked to each other. Internet facility has been provided in each department to carry out academic work smoothly.Vocational courses: The Arvind Mahila College has decided to introduce short-term vocational courses for the girls studying at Degree level in the college. The objective behind introducing such courses is to provide livelihood to these girls as well as make them skilled in household works, said college principal Asha Singh. According to her, these courses have been given a practical shape and they will be introduced from January 17 onwards. These courses will be of seven days to six months duration. The college will introduce short-term courses which include cookery, computer science and other professional courses aimed at making the girls self-dependent in life, Singh said, adding an awareness camp will be held on January this month on the college campus.Sent up test: J D Women's College is holding the sent up test for Intermediate students. While examination for theory papers have been completed, practical examination is going on for science stream students, said college principal Usha Singh. According to the principal, the college has proposed to introduce 'yoga' classes for girl students soon. This course is being introduced with an aim to making them mentally and physically fit. A large number of girls have shown their keen interest in attending 'yoga' classes, she said.Commerce teaching: B S College, Danapur, has been given permission to start teaching in commerce stream from the academic session 2012 -13. The college will introduce it from Intermediate level first in the interest of the students, including girls, said college principal Praveen Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "11394824", "title": "Police await lift inspector\u2019s report into freak mishap", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: The Ulhasnagar police investigating the death of 60-year-old Rajni Bhatia who died on Thursday in a lift mishap are yet to file a case of negligence as they are waiting for expert reports.Rajni Bhatia, who lived on the first floor of Rukmani apartment, was stepping into the lift when the mishap occurred. Her family has blamed the society for not maintaining the lift properly.On Friday a lift inspector and his team visited the site. Lift inspector Prashant Narkhede said, \"We have found various irregularities done by the society, but the probe is still on and the results will be known only after a full investigation\". Society secretary Anil Punjabi denied any lapse on the part of the society.The building was constructed in 1986 and is one of the 855 buildings declared illegal in Ulhasnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11394694", "title": "Crane catches fire at port", "text": "KOLKATA: A major accident was averted at the Kolkata Dock System (KDS) of Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) on Friday morning after a crane caught fire while loading containers on a ship. Fire tenders managed to bring the blaze under control within an hour but the crane was badly damaged.\"It could have been a major accident. The boom of the crane, from which a container was hanging, got detached due to the blaze and came crashing down. Fortunately, there was no damage to the ship. Initially, it was though that the fire started from some old tyres lying near the crane. Later, it was ascertained that an electrical problem in the crane's cabin led to the fire. There were no injuries because of the accident,\" a port official said.Senior KoPT officials including chairman M L Meena rushed to the spot and took stock of the situation.\"The accident occurred at berth 8 of KDS. The crane belongs to ABG, the company that handles loading and unloading at some berths. We have lodged an FIR against the company for negligence. They should have checked the crane properly before putting it into service. The accident could have affected port operations,\" Meena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394231", "title": "Most structures in dire need of repair", "text": "CHENNAI: A number of foot-overbridges at suburban railway stations are in a state of neglect with protruding metal rods and cracks in the roofs. On Friday, four people were injured when a foot-overbridge collapsed in Nungambakkam.Many of the foot-overbridges on the Beach-Tambaram sector, which is used by 5 lakh commuters every day, are in need of repairs and maintenance. At Beach station, the roof of the foot-overbridge has caved in and metal rods protrude from the walkway.The overbridges at Fort, Park, Saidapet, Chromepet and Meenambakkam have deep cracks and damaged stairs. \"Many of us climb the steps with fear. I hope railway authorities repair other overbridges after the Nungambakkam accident,\" said Antony David, a commuter.Divisional railway manager S Anantharaman said the accident at Nungambakkam was a rare one. \"After the incident, we inspected 60% of the foot-overbridges in suburban stations. We will inspect the rest in a week. We have ordered the engineers to take necessary steps to improve the safety of all foot-overbridges,\" he said.The condition of foot-overbridges at Chetpet and Guindy is comparatively better than the others, but commuters said they were too narrow. \"They are very crowded. This could cause safety concerns,\" said V Pradeep Kumar, who travels from Egmore railway station.They suggest building another foot-overbridge at Egmore and Mambalam stations. \"It's better to have an additional subway or foot-overbridge to prevent accidents,\" said Swathi Vijayakumar, who travels through Mambalam station daily.At Nungambakkam station, many commuters and vendors say it was an accident waiting to happen. \"We told the railway officials about the condition of this bridge but nothing was done,\" said a flower vendor in the station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11394442", "title": "Two bouncers held over pub brawl", "text": "GURGAON: DLF police on Friday arrested two bouncers accused in a recent brawl in Club Prison and a city court sent them to judicial custody. According to police, in the Club Prison brawl, two bouncers were arrested on Friday.A senior police officer said that the accused were identified as Chetan Yadav, resident of Mahendergarh, and Jony Bhardwaj, resident of Heera Nagar, Gurgaon. \"We produced them in a city court and they were sent to judicial custody. We are hoping to arrest the other accused soon,\" said the SHO of Sector 29 police station. The brawl took place in Club Prison, a pub in Sahara Mall, several days ago in which two customers were seriously injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jassowal", "code": "11395088", "title": "Tennis champ Jajbir eyes grand slam", "text": "JASSOWAL: Jajbir Singh Saran is back in his village after winning a gold medal in the All India School National Tennis Tournament held at New Delhi recently. In the singles finals, Saran of Jassowal defeated Sanjeev Chopra of Delhi.Enjoying his success, Saran, 17, said it's a good start to 2012. A trainee at Harvest Tennis Academy (HTA), he has been practicing tennis for five years. In 2011, he won the boys single title of under-16 and under-18 of Mumbai State Lawn Tennis Association (MSLTA)-All India Tennis Association tournament and in the same tournament, won the doubles title of under-18 boys category along with Rishab Dev of his academy.He also won the singles boy title of under-16 category of HTA-AITA champions series at Jassowal. \"Now the hard work has started paying. I hope to win many titles this year,\" said Saran, who practices five hours every day. Roger Federer is his favourite tennis player and he too wants to win a grand slam one day.A student of class XI in Government Senior Secondary School, Jassowal, Saran is now focusing on Davis Cup and his next aim would be Olympics. His father Raminder Singh is his motivation. He is playing under the supervision of Australian coach Todd Clark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11393881", "title": "NBT releases special calendar based on movies inspired by Indian literature", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Book Trust (NBT) launched a calendar-Cinema and Literature-on Friday, providing a snapshot of cinema inspired by Indian literature. The launch was a curtain raiser to the 20th Biennial New Delhi World Book Fair, which has '100 years of India cinema' as its theme.The calendar was unveiled by veteran actor Farooq Sheikh. Speaking on the occasion, Sheikh lamented how Indian cinema is losing touch with literature. He urged the audiences to demand quality movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11394718", "title": "Karnataka forest official's prosecution stayed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Raja Elango of the AP High Court on Thursday granted stay prosecution of Rajshekar, a Karnataka-based deputy conservator of forests and four others.It is alleged in a criminal case against them that they had, without prior permission, entered the property of Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) and removed boards of the forest department.The petitioner contended that since he was a government official prior permission from the government should have been taken to prosecute him.He pointed out that two complaints were lodged in a single incident, one by OMC officials and another by the state forest officer and that the police proceeded to register both the complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11395312", "title": "'Mobile radiation ups cancer risk'", "text": "Panaji: \"The 4.5 lakh mobile towers in India are turning the country into an open microwave,\" warns Girish Kumar, researcher and faculty at IIT Bombay.Elaborating, Kumar who has conducted studies on mobile radiation said, \"With 1w power (same output as cell phones) temperatures increase by 1'C in 500 seconds (9 minutes).\"Kumar was speaking at the national seminar on 'mobile phone and tower radiations-risks and remedies' at Ghall, Panaji, by Government Polytechnic Bicholim, Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( GCCI) and the department of science, technology and environment ( DTSE).He noted that mobile companies were choosing to install higher intensity towers to cut costs but were compromising on public safety. Citing a case study where six residents of a high-rise Mumbai building facing a mobile tower were affected by cancer, he went on to explain the link of rise in cancer cases among residents living near cell towers.\"Those living in a 50-300m radius face a high risk-much worse than smoking as you cannot see or smell radiation,\" he said, while adding that \"you cannot have coincidences everywhere\".\"Biological effects include drying of fluids around the eyes, brain joints, heart and abdomen leading to sleep disruption, headaches, lack of concentration and memory loss, due to changes in the electrical activity of the brain. Prolonged exposure to mobile radiation increases chances of cancer by 200-400% over 8-10 years,\" Kumar stressed. It can also lead to miscarriages as it affects the amniotic fluids, he added.Citing examples of farmhouses, Kumar also observed that mobile tower radiation was affecting the environment and fruit-bearing trees as well as birds.Explaining further, Kumar said the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) in India has been fixed at a much higher level than it should be to benefit telecom operators who contribute 30% of India's GDP. He felt part of the solution lay in reducing the transmitted power from towers which would necessitate setting up of additional towers at a much higher cost.Industry representative Pradeep Phadke, CEO of Phadnis Telecom, attempted to dispel fears by stating that the cellular industry would like to believe that claims made by scientists were unfounded or pose insignificant risk.Phadke felt a trade-off was required between the benefits and ill effects of mobiles. Namrata Redkar, an aura (human energy) researcher, said, \"Waves or radiations destroy vital enzymes that catalyze the electrical system which activates our nervous system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11393828", "title": "Chavan will make history if Sena-BJP dislodged in polls", "text": "MUMBAI: Low-profile chief minister Prithviraj Chavan (65) has drafted a multipronged strategy to wrest control of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) from the Shiv Sena since his political career, spanning well over four decades, is at stake. \"It will be a litmus test for Chavan. If he dislodges the Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party, it will be political history, since none of his predecessors has been able to achieve that feat,'' a senior Congress minister told TOI on Friday.The minister said Chavan's priority was an alliance with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) at any cost, followed by winning over warring factions within his party, reaching out to the entire electorate in the metropolis and nomination of clean candidates. \"Chavan's efforts will be to nominate result-oriented, honest and efficient candidates. In fact, an exercise is on. We are sure, in view of the elective merit of candidates, it will not be difficult to wrest the civic body from the Sena-BJP,'' he said.Ever since Chavan took over the state's reins in November 2010, he has been concentrating on municipal council and corporation polls. The Congress performance in the council polls was not up to the mark but the Congress-NCP together won over 2300 seats, while the Sena-BJP were relegated to third position. \"In most councils, there was no alliance between the Congress and NCP, but they still dislodged the saffron combine from many councils in the state,'' he said.Chavan has felt that there should be no talks for corporations where there are major differences. \"In the 2007 polls, there was no alliance between the Congress and NCP after a dispute over a seat. Even NCP leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has taken the lead for an alliance. The Congress and NCP will join hands to defeat the saffron combine,'' he said.After the NCP was formed in 1999, efforts were made to join hands but the talks failed. In fact, efforts were made by then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and NCP leader Sharad Pawar but did not succeed for political reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11394753", "title": "HC clears way for reinstatement of govt lawyers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a setback to the state government, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday cleared the way for reinstatement of dozens of government lawyers, who had been removed last year and new appointments made in their place.A division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice Satish Chandra set aside a government order passed on August 13, 2008, whereby the state government had deleted the provision for taking into consideration the report of the district judge in the matter of appointment of district government counsel and additional district government counsel in different districts of the state. The court allowed a bunch of writ petitions and directed the state government to re-advertise in newspapers the vacancies of government lawyers and proceed to fill them within three months.In these appointments, the government shall consider the earlier government lawyers taking their previous records and report of the district judge into account, said the court.The bench further directed the state government to remove all district court government lawyers, who have been involved in criminal case or against whom an investigation is pending, after giving a two-months notice.The order came on dozens of writ petitions out of which the petition filed by UP Shashkiya Adhivakta Kalyan Samiti was the leading one. The petitioners had urged that they had been working as government lawyers. In some cases their renewals were pending. In other cases, the report of the district judge appreciated their work for renewal. Without considering these aspects in a hurried manner, the state government removed the existing government lawyers and without proper advertisement appointed new persons. Some of these new persons had even criminal history, stated most of the petitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11396340", "title": "Poor civic facilities leave many Mumbaikars peeved", "text": "MUMBAI: Why do we pay civic taxes? That is the question on the minds of many citizens in the run-up to the February 16 elections. People are angry that despite paying through the nose, they do not get the civic facilities they deserve.\"There is absolutely no payback. For about two years, I have been running around every lane in Kalina, taking photographs of leaky pipelines and sending them to the BMC. Neither the officials, nor the corporators have taken note of my complaints,\" said Kalina resident Crompton Texeira.\"It is like running into a black hole again and again. The pipelines continue to leak and water continues to get wasted,\" Texeira said.Many are agitated that they are forced to follow up on complaints. \"It is the duty of civic representatives and officials to provide services and they should do this without us needing to sit on their heads with sticks in our hands. Why are we expected to remind them constantly that they need to get our storm water drain fixed or road repaired ?\" said Manuela Saldanha, a resident of Bandra and secretary of Revival Citizens' Group, an ALM. \"Our complaints are almost never looked into, except if they are in the form of RTI applications.\"She said her area was better maintained compared to other areas in the city because of sheer persistence on the part of citizens. \"While campaigning and when they are in power, corporators promise us the moon. But when it comes to delivering, it comes to naught.\"Dahisar resident Fayyaz Pathan blames corruption in the civic body for the state of civic affairs. \"It is not fair to blame only the ruling party . Everybody-right from corporators to contractors to bureaucrats-is responsible for the lack of facilities. We keep paying taxes but get pathetic service in return.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396389", "title": "You\u2019re doing just fine, CM tells DCs", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda played the HR manager on Friday motivating the deputy commissioners and the CEOs. This was in contrast to the Big Brother he played the previous day taking the babus to task for their laxity.In an over three-hour interaction with the DCs and CEOs of the districts through videoconferencing, he patted them for doing a fairly good job but cautioned them that they needed to reach the expectation levels. Though he said that 70% was his benchmark, he softened it with: \"This doesn't mean that you are not performing.\"Continuing with his pep talk, the CM directed the DCs to identify a taluk and tour the taluk for a day to get a first-hand experience of the infrastructure problems.When the officials said the major concern was non-availability of doctors in hospitals, Gowda asked them to recruit doctors on contract basis. When they urged for funds, he said: \"Utilize central funds well. You have only two-and-half months to meet the targets.''The problem of rural sanitation was what concerned the CM most. He said: \"Whichever district I visit, I see many people by the roadside during night. It is a problem everywhere. We should provide rural sanitation on warfooting.''While most districts had similar problems, Chikkaballapur was different. N Manjula, DC, said they had adequate development funds but did not have land. When she urged the CM to denotify a tankbed land for development, all, including Gowda, burst into laughter. Probably, Gowda must have decided to stay away from land denotification after the trouble it caused his predecessor BS Yeddyurappa .The DCs of Chitradurga, Mysore, Gulbarga and Koppal were not present. The only moment Gowda got angry was when additional DC of Chitradurga told him that DC Vipul Bansal was away attending a programme of the education department. Gowda said the CM's meeting should be given priority. However, Bansal came late and apologized stating it was a state-level programme.Surprisingly, Hassan DC K G Jagadisha said the district more or less had no issues barring elephant menace. Last year, JD(S) supremo HD Deve Gowda had protested before the CM's residence with a long list of problems.When the issues pertaining to his home district Dakshina Kannada came up, Gowda directed the DC to organize the National Youth Games on a big scale. \"Every legislator and MP in the state should be sent an invitation. This event is of national importance. Provide the guests with good food and accommodation,\" he said.Only Bangalore Urban was not part of the interaction. When DC M K Aiyappa sought to know the reason, Gowda in a lighter vein said he would like to have a face-to-face interaction as his office was close to Vidhana Soudha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11394428", "title": "BSF inspector accused of assault, land grab", "text": "GURGAON: A woman engineer has accused a BSF inspector of assault and land grab. While the police said that the two were living together for the past three years, the complainant said that the inspector had promised to marry her.On the order of a city court, Rajendra Park police have filed an FIR against the accused. According to city police, the 30-year-old engineer who works with a private firm at IMT Manesar had filed a petition in a city court accusing Ashok Pehalwan, resident of Baghpat, Uttar Pradesh, of assault after promising to marry her.He also allegedly grabbed her plot and registered it in his name fraudulently. Subsequently, the court ordered Rajendra Park police to lodge an FIR in the case. \"Both of them were married previously. They were living alone before they came to know each other. The complainant was married to a villager of Karnal district in 2001, but she had filed for divorce after some time. Then she was living alone in Laxmi Garden colony,\" said investigator Kundan Lal.\"Similarly, Pehalwan was not living with his wife. At present, the disputed plot is in the name of the accused, but the complainant has claimed that it belongs to her. We are investigated the case further,\" Lal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11400370", "title": "Apple gaining on Microsoft in enterprise tech: Report", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc is becoming a favorite of information technology departments, with the popularity of the iPad and Mac computers eroding what businesses are spending on Microsoft Corp machines, according to a new report.The Cupertino, California-based company will sell $10 billion worth of iPads and $9 billion of Mac computers to enterprise customers this year, a 58 per cent jump, Forrester Research Inc said in its global IT market outlook report.By contrast, computers and tablets running Microsoft's Windows software will decline 3 per cent this year.Apple is the \"biggest disruptive force in the computer equipment market,\" Forrester said in the report released today.The company is leading the so-called consumerization of IT, in which people use technology gadgets for both personal and work tasks. By expanding its leadership in consumer electronics to business customers, Apple is bucking a global slowdown in IT spending.Forrester estimates that global IT purchases will rise 5 per cent to $2.12 trillion in 2012, versus last year's 10 per cent growth rate, as companies ratchet back spending amid a sluggish global economy.Apple doesn't break down how much of its sales are from business customers, though in October it said that 92 per cent of Fortune 500 companies are testing or deploying the iPad. Forrester said that Apple isn't doing much to drive the sales and that businesses are adopting its devices because of their popularity for personal use.\"The Apple assault on the corporate market has so far taken place without much formal Apple support, and probably with Apple itself understanding its full extent,\" Forrester said.Microsoft software and Intel Corp semiconductors still dominate the corporate market. Businesses are projected to buy $69 billion worth of Windows-Intel PCs and tablets in 2012, and $68 billion in 2013, the report said. Apple's Mac and iPad sales to businesses will total $28 billion in 2013, according to Forrester.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11395629", "title": "Burglars murder man to rob house", "text": "KANPUR: A 60-year-old man was allegedly killed and the house robbed of valuables in Naubasta police station area on late Thursday night.Police said burglars attacked Chedi Singh with bricks and stones at his resident in Yashoda Nagar Y Block where he stayed with his two nephews. Initial reports said the man was killed in sleep. His nephew Arvind, who was sleeping in the other portion of the house, came to know about the incident in the early hours of Friday when he visited his uncle's room and found him lying in a pool of blood.\"We are also investigating the case to ascertain if there was an involvement of some insider. However, the burglars managed to take away goods including a bicycle, TV and DVD,\" said a police official.The burglars were four to five in number. Police said they had taken pictures of the crime scene and also the footprints left by the burglars. No arrests have been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11395776", "title": "Plan panel meet turns stormy", "text": "INDORE: The first District Planning Committee (DPC) meeting presided over by the newly appointed minister in-charge of Indore district Gopal Bhargava turned out to be stormy with protests over inflated electricity bills and poor supply of power taking the centre-stage. The meeting was held at Residency, here on Friday.The members, especially the Congress MLAs, raised the issue about poor power supply in the city and the rural areas besides snails pace of development alleging irregularities in the big projects. The minister had to time and again intervene to pacify the warring members.No sooner than the meeting started, the Congress Party MLAs -- Tulsi Silawat, Satyanarayan Patel and Ashwin Joshi said that in the rural areas farmers were not getting power for more than two to three hours, whereas, the state government had promised to provide regular supply for eight to nine hours.Officers of western area Power Supply Company, who were present in the meeting countered the allegations and said that the company was supplying power as promised. However, when the Congress party MLAs refused to buy the argument of the company, the Minister interfered and told the officers to give a patient hearing to the MLAs and address to their grievance.The second issue too was related to the farmers. Both Silawat and Patel said that the Power Supply Company officials were implicating former sarpanchas under fabricated cases, and even the police was acting against them. The minister directed the collector and the SSP to ensure that there should not be any arrest henceforth.MLA Silawat alleged that since last eight months 200 water tanks were lying unused in PHE office. These tanks have to be fitted in rural areas. When the PHE department officials failed to give a satisfactory reply, the minister set a deadline of January 30 for fitting the tanks.CEO ( IDA ) Chandramouli Shukla gave a presentation on feeder road which is under construction from White Church Square to Bypass. He also threw light on the BRTS works. On the issue MLAs raised the slow work in Navlakha and Bhanwarkuan square alledging that proper work is not being done on the traffic squares and crossings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401828", "title": "Lal Jose to introduce a fresh face!", "text": "Mollywood director Lal Jose was on the lookout for a fresh face for his next flick, Diamond Necklace.The movie which revolves around the lives of three women and one man has Samvrutha Sunil, Amala Paul and Fahad Fazil playing the lead. Now, it looks like the hunt for the third woman has come to an end. The director has zeroed in on Anusree, who is the winner of a reality show in one of the regional channels in Kerala. Lal Jose, who is known for his experiments with fresh face, is once again bringing another debutant to M-town.So, is he not apprehensive about fresh faces? \"Well, that will always be there. But I believe in the story,\" says the ace director. Anu has completed her graduation and was waiting for an offer from Kollywood soon after the reality show. However, it didn't work out and Lal decided to rope her in for his Diamond Necklace .\"It's a new generation film about relationships. A lot of emotions are involved like love and lust.\" The movie, which will be shot extensively in Dubai , will start its shoot in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401997", "title": "Release of movies is the greatest challenge in K'wood: Pasupathy", "text": "For Pasupathy, preparation is the key in any performance. This is also the reason why the versatile actor has just 27 films to his credit in his 19-year career, which has seen him essaying a variety of roles.His latest film Aravaan saw the actor take a hiatus of two years, something unheard of in Kollywood, just so he could study and understand his role better. He plays the role of Komodi, a warrior head of an 18th century village, in the Vasanthabalan epic.\"The character had to be built from the scratch,\" says the actor. \"We didn't have any models as reference so we had to put in a lot of research to recreate the entire setting, the people, their look and the language.He even put in six months of work in the gym just to suit the role. \"Adi is tall and well-built and the cast is topless for most part of the film. Vasanthabalan wanted me also to get in shape so I could fill the screen.\"So, in the end was it all worth it? \"It was pure magic. Aravaan has a life to it that I can't put in words. After watching the film, I just couldn't express myself,\" says Pasupathy. \"It took me four days to pull my thoughts together and call Vasanthabalan. \" However, the actor points out that preparation is also essential for the release of a movie in Tamil Nadu.\"The greatest challenge in Kollywood now is the release of a film,\" he says. It has become necessary to pool in a lot of money to promote the film and release it in as many theatres as possible.\"You are forced to go in a bigger way and rake in the initial collection as the pirated CDs are out on the fourth day,\" he explains.Pasupathy's next Kollywood project will be Lakshmikanthan's SM Nagar that is scheduled to start filming in mid-January 2012. \"It will be an authentic slum story filled with interesting characters. It will depict the life in a slum, which has never been truly captured in cinema,\" he says.The actor is currently shooting for his third Mollywood flick No. 66, Madurai Bus, which will see him play a convict on a mission to reclaim his life. It is a road film also starring Padmapriya, Shwetha Menon and Makarand Deshpande.\"It's a revenge and action-packed story and has a lot of scope for performance,\" says the actor, adding that he was impressed with the script and narration of the story.Having acted in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and also in an English flick The Last Vision, Pasupathi says that knowing the language is extremely important as it prevents \"misbehaving with your character and instead gives you control over the emotions and nuances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396152", "title": "HC extends stay on slum demolition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday extended the stay on Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's bid to demolish slums near a society in Shivranjani.Justice C L Soni's order stopped AMC's demolition drive as soon as it began on Wednesday. The residents of nearly 201 households told HC that the civic body began demolition without any prior intimation. However, town development officer ( TDO) for west zone H R Shah claimed that notices were issued four months ago.The residents of this place were allotted alternate place at Piplaj a couple of years ago, but finding the place lacking civic amenities, they did not shift and returned to the old place known as Rabariwas near Vimanagar colony. When the issue of evacuation arose again, the residents met civic authorities and sought alternate shelter before shifting. However, AMC began its demolition drive all of a sudden, the petition filed by the residents claimed.HC felt that alternate accommodation should be providing to those living in the slums from or before 1995. With this observation, HC extended its stay on demolition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394133", "title": "Family pins hope on bail hearing", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the Supreme Court rejected the Talwars' plea for quashing proceedings against them, the couple is now pinning its hope on the Monday hearing of Rajesh Talwar's bail application.While the couple refrained from speaking to the media on Friday, their counsel Satish Tamta told TOI, \"We are now focusing on the hearing which will decide whether Rajesh Talwar gets bail.\" Tamta ruled out any possibility of the Talwars going in for a curative petition in the matter.Earlier, when CBI had filed a report in the case citing sufficient evidence against the Talwars, the couple had in February 2011 filed a protest petition in the special CBI court, Ghaziabad, alleging that CBI's conclusions were based on \"presumptions, conjectures and surmises\" and \"not substantiated or supported by true and actual facts\".Rajesh Talwar had filed the petition seeking further investigation in the case, but much to his shock, the court had made him a murder accused along with Nupur Talwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11396390", "title": "\u2018School phobia\u2019 preying on kids", "text": "MUMBAI: City psychiatrists are coming across an increasing number of cases in which students are displaying a reluctance to attend school. The reasons are 'school phobia' or 'separation anxiety' , in which the child feels distanced from people he or she has grown up with.Puneet Malhotra, 11, stopped attending school after he saw his mother have an asthma attack and he feared he might lose her if he wasn't around her all the time. Sonia Pradhan, 8, started making excuses of having aches and pains at the age of three. After five years of counselling, Sonia is attending school again, though not regularly.\"I am currently treating a child who hasn't gone to school for three weeks,\" said Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head of psychiatry, KEM Hospital. \"She was yelled at by a teacher and when she shared this with her mother she was again yelled at.\" Parkar said that while such problems arise partly at schools, the major contributors could be friends and relatives.Bullying, eve-teasing and strict environments at schools and overprotectiveness at home are cited as triggers for the psychological and emotional instability that could make a child become disinterested with school. \"An increasing number of parents have been coming to us with such problems,\" said Dr Harish Shetty, a psychiatrist.He said schools need to be considerate in such instances, while parents need to support the child and offer reassurance. The student, parents and school need to solve the problem together and understand that healing takes time and patience.(Students names have been changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395284", "title": "Rs 500 cr released for Butibori expansion", "text": "NAGPUR: The funds to pay compensation for land being acquired for additional Butibori industrial estate have been released. Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation has acquired additional 3,750 acres and is offering 13 lakh an acre compensation.The district administration on Thursday received orders saying that Rs 500 crore have been released for the purpose, said district collector Saurabh Rao. The payments are expected to begin soon, he said.Rao said the amount will be paid to owners in nine of the 10 villages being acquired. The valuation of other assets such as homesteads, trees and other structures, is underway for the last village after which the payment will be released for it also. The second instalment for assets other than land is expected to be released in a few weeks.The process for taking over Shivangaon village to build the second runway for Mihan project has also begun, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11395463", "title": "Foggy conditions return, mercury dips", "text": "VARANASI: After witnessing sunny and bright conditions in the past week, the foggy weather conditions engulfed most parts of the region again on Friday.The change in weather conditions not only reduced the visibility in the day, it also led to a dip in the maximum temperature. As per reports from the Met office , a drop of 2.7 degrees Celsius in the maximum temperature was recorded in the last 24 hours. The maximum temperature on Friday was 20.1 degrees. However, there was a slight rise in the minimum temperature that went up from 9.8 degrees (Thursday) to 10.2 degrees on Friday.The reduced visibility not only disturbed movements of train and flights in the morning hours, but a number of long-distance trains also got delayed by over three hours in the day. The poor visibility also hampered traffic movement as majority of two-wheelers and four-wheelers crawled on the roads in the day. The weather conditions improved in the afternoon but the faint sunlight proved inadequate to provide respite from the chilling conditions.S N Pandey, a weather scientist with BHU, said the fresh snowfall in Himalayan region and western disturbances have signalled re-entry of chilling conditions in the region. The cold waves are likely to dip the mercury further in the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394774", "title": "Heart patient wins Rs 3.15L payout", "text": "MUMBAI: The consumer forum ruled in favour of a Dadar resident after the insurance company repudiated his claim for a heart surgery on the grounds that he had concealed information about having hypertension while filling the proposal form.The South Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, while holding Oriental Insurance Co Ltd and its agent Raksha TPA Pvt Ltd guilty of deficiency in service, observed, \"In our candid view, hypertension and unstable angina are two different diseases. The complainant was hospitalized for unstable angina and not for hypertension. The unstable angina was not a pre-existing disease within the meaning of the terms and conditions of the mediclaim policy.\"The consumer panel ordered the insurance firm and its agent to pay Rajaninath Damle the insurance claim of Rs 2 lakh. Damle will also receive 9 % interest from March 2006 till its payment, which amounts to around Rs 1 lakh. He will also be paid Rs 15,000 towards mental agony caused and cost of the compliant. Damle had taken a mediclaim policy in 1985 and it was renewed from time to time. In the complaint filed before the consumer forum in November 2006, Damle stated that when the policy came into effect he was not suffering from hypertension or heart disease. However, hypertension was detected in 2003 and diabetes was diagnosed a year later and he was receiving treatment.In February 2006, Damle underwent a bypass surgery. In March 2006, he filed his claim; this was repudiated on the grounds that he had a \"history of hypertension\" since last 20 years and it is a \"proximate cause of unstable angina\".The company stated that as hypertension was a pre-existing condition before the inception of the policy, the claim stood non-payable under the mediclaim policy. Damle denied that he had informed the doctor, who had submitted the pre-authorization form to the third party authority, that he was suffering from hypertension for the last 20 years. He clarified that he was suffering from hypertension since the last 20 to 25 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396317", "title": "Walk corruption away as a Proud Indian", "text": "BANGALORE: They have the zeal to fight. Holding the tricolor, they take honest steps to inspire. A group of young professionals and students, who identify themselves as Proud Indians, is on a mission from Kanyakumari to New Delhi to free India from corruption. They reached Bangalore on Friday.The group can walk on an empty stomach, with sores on their feet, amid hostility, but all of this is worth it if their countrymen are willing to walk a few steps with them, they say. Founder member of Proud Indians, 39-yearold Abdul Mujeed Khan, who runs a non-profit leadership developing centre in Hyderabad, said: \"We have come together with a vision of building a more honest nation by promoting good ethics.\"Proud Indians started their journey from Vivekananda Rock Beach in Kanyakumari on December 18, 2011 and are expected to reach New Delhi on April 7, 2012 after covering a distance of 5,500 km to observe Zero Corruption Day.\"We started with four people. Now many are joining us on our way. We are not asking people to walk with us till New Delhi. A few hundred metres will also serve the purpose,\" said 23-year-old Proud Indian Faiz Rai, an engineer from Hyderabad.\"We have had mixed responses at places we have visited. On one hand when we were greeted by families, on the other, we were taken to the police station as well,\" said 24-year-old Proud Indian, Jawad Ali.ADD TO THEIR PRIDEJoining the group from Bangalore is a young and enthusiastic software engineer Pallavi Rao.\"I work for an NGO and take it as a life-time opportunity. I will walk as Proud Indian and will celebrate Zero Corruption day in New Delhi,\" said Pallavi.Seeking the support of Bangaloreans, the group is organizing a walk around the Cubbon Park on Sunday at 8am. Those who want to participate can call 9849211083/9949350352/9738478390.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11396294", "title": "\u2018Info officer is service provider\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: In an order of farreaching consequences, a city consumer court has ruled that a government employee working as a public information officer (PIO) is also a \"service provider\".Hearing a complaint filed by a 62-year-old Halasuru resident, the 2nd additional district consumer disputes redressal forum , Seshadripuram, directed PIO and BBMP assistant executive engineer Bhagavan to pay Rs2,000 to the complainant for failing to provide him information sought under the Right To Information (RTI) Act.A bench of H V Ramachandra Rao and Balakrishna V Masali also directed the PIO to provide the information sought by G Gajendra, a resident of Purushottam Road, Halasuru within 45 days. Gajendra had, in July last, sought information on asphalting of Purushottam Road, Halasuru between January 1, 2000 and July 28, 2011. He had also sought the road history of the ward and documents pertaining to permission granted for road cutting to lay underground drainages and Cauvery water pipeline by BWSSB in this area.The complainant told the court that the mandatory period for furnishing the requisite information under the RTI Act was 30 days. However, the PIO remained silent despite receiving the application, making it tantamount to gross deficiency of service. Gajendra had sought a compensation of Rs5,000 from the court.\"The complainant had sought information under the RTI Act, which was not supplied to the complainant. This amounts to deficiency of service on the part of the PIO,\" the court ruled. It said that the PIO was dutybound to provide the required information to Gajendra because the latter had paid the fee under the RTI Act.In his defence, the PIO argued that the said information came under the jurisdiction of Shivajinagar division office and denied any deficiency in service on his part. Not buying the officer's argument, the court ruled that it was the PIO's duty to send the required information to the complainant's address.\"This was not done by the officer. Thus, there has been gross deficiency of service on the part of the PIO,\" said the judges. \"The complainant had availed of the services under the RTI Act by paying a fee. He had sought information under the RTI Act, which was not supplied. This amounts to deficiency of service on the part of the PIO,\" said the Second additional district consumer disputes redressal forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395630", "title": "Indian achievers to interact with the youth at PBD", "text": "JAIPUR: An interactive session between some noted Indian achievers and the youth from Jaipur-based colleges will be held as a part of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD) on Saturday evening.Rohit Kumar Singh, Secretary, sports and youth affairs will moderate the session that will be addressed by noted Indian achievers like Lakshmi Pratury , CEO of Ixoraa Media, Karan Bilimoria the founder of Cobra beer, Anita Singh, fellow at the Munk School of Global Advisory Council at the University of Toronto and Renu Khator, the first woman chancellor of the University of Houston System.The interactive session has been planned to inspire the youth by providing them an opportunity to share the success mantras of the prominent personalities. \"This is the first time that a session especially for the youth has been included at the PBD,\" Singh told TOI. Nearly 600 youngsters and 100 entrepreneurs have been invited for the event scheduled to be held from 3 pm to 5 pm at the Maharana Pratap Auditorium.Another session for the youth would take place at the same time and venue on January 9 also and is scheduled to be moderated by member of Parliament and former cricketer Mohammed Azharuddin.The target audiences for this session, too, are professional degree holders, young entrepreneurs and students in the age group of 18 to 26 years from the state's colleges and universities. The state government had made a special request to the ministry of Indian Overseas Affairs for this session on \"Youth Connectivity\".The session on January 9 would be chaired by Mukul Wasnik, Union minister for social justice and empowerment and the panelists would include Wings of Hope CEO and co-founder Rajni Sriram, noted attorney and former senior Obama Administration official Preeta Bansal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11393753", "title": "'Deposit arms with cops within a week'", "text": "MUMBAI: With civic elections round the corner, the Mumbai police have issued a circular that arm licence-holders in the city must deposit their weapons within a week, failing which strict action will be taken.The circular was issued on Thursday following directives from the Election Commission (EC), which had announced the date of elections on Tuesday. Around 16,000 licence-holders will have to deposit their weapons at the nearest police station, where they will be kept till February 17, when the results will be declared. The weapons are being impounded to ensure maintenance of law &amp; order and free &amp; fair elections.Policemen, security agencies, bank security staff and those using weapons for sporting purposes have been exempted. A scrutiny committee headed by an assistant commissioner of police and senior police inspector will decide who can keep the weapons and who cannot. The committee will also look into security aspects of celebrities who face genuine threats from the underworld.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy told his 12 units to crack down on smuggling of illegal weapons from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11396612", "title": "Gene tricks: \u2018Frankenstein\u2019 ants created", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have created what they claim are \" Frankenstein\" ants, called \"supersoldiers\", after they discovered a unique way to activate genes in normal ants that turn them into creatures with gigantic heads and jaws.An Asian-origin researcher-led team at McGill University in Canada says that the monster ants, which use their size to protect the entrance to their nests, are a throwback to their ancestors that lived millions of years ago.Supersoldier ants can be born naturally but are rare. They breed in the deserts of America and Mexico where they have evolved to protect their colony from invading ants. But the man-made specimens were created from ordinary Pheidole morrisi ants, which contain genetic tools necessary to develop into supersoldier ants, the Daily Telegraph said.In fact, the scientists used a special hormone on the larvae of ordinary worker ants to create the monster ants. \"We uncovered an ancestral development potential to produce a novel supersoldier subcaste that has been retained throughout a hyperdiverse ant genus that evolved 35 to 60 million years agom,\" Rajendhran Rajakumar, who led the team, was quoted as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11395424", "title": "\u2018Rahul has worked hard, it will pay rich dividends\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Frequent rumours of his return to the BJP do not amuse Kalyan Singh anymore. The two-time UP chief minister has weathered many a political storms since his hey days.A much chastened Kalyan candidly admits that rejoining BJP and chumming up with Mulayam Singh Yadav were \"greatest blunders\" he had ever committed. However, the successive betrayals have helped him to re-invent himself.Therefore, after Ramdhun lost its appeal among UP voters, the one-time face of hardcore Hindutva has changed his profile of being a patron of the youth. (He even has a good word for Rahul Gandhi). In a candid interview with Manjari Mishra, the former UP CM says that more than 50% candidates fielded by Jan Kranti Dal headed by his son Rajveer - are below 40 years. \"JKD will do well because Unke paas motor hain, to hamare paas voter hain,\" says Kalyan. There are strong rumours that you have finally decided to bury the hatchet and come to have some understanding with the BJP. Sources hint at a pre-poll tie up between the BJP and JKD.No chance! Why should I go back to a party, which is gasping in the ICU? BJP is critically ill and no \"Sanjivani\" can revive it in UP. It's a party of liars. Today they claim to maintain a distance with Mayawati and they would be the first to crawl back to her if they a get a signal from her. I resisted Mayawati thrice during my stint in the party. In fact I was the lone voice of dissent. Mayawati suits this army of corrupt and unscrupulous elements.Aren't your views on BJP a bit too harsh for someone who headed its government in UP? After all you did have a change of heart when you went back to it. n That I admit was one of the biggest mistakes of my life. Rather the second biggest mistake. The first was joining hands with Mulayam Singh Yadav. I gave in when the SP chief came to my house 2-3 times and said that he needed my help. I believed him and was duped. Similarly, when BJP leaders cajoled me repeatedly, I did relent. But today, I am ready to publicly admit that both were worst blunders. What are the key issues dominating poll scenario this time. Is corruption an issue in a state beset with caste considerations and conflicts? And if yes, which party you think could have an edge? n Corruption is sure to haunt UP politicians. Maya of course leads the pack.Her avarice backed by a cabinet equally greedy and reckless is well known. In fact all the loot has eroded Mayawati's core vote bank. Her supporters are disillusioned. Moves like sacking of ministers is of no help as everyone wants to know what made her tolerate the band of corrupt till the very end of her tenure? Similarly, Mulayam has lost credibility in public eyes and BJP has hit an all-time low with Kushwaha episode. The public will teach them a lesson they deserve.Being a backward leader yourself, do you actually believe that Babusingh Kushwaha can actually swing votes in favour of BJP as its leadership believes. Or there could be something more to it than meets the eyes? n Kushwaha's induction in the BJP has nothing to do with his caste. It is the result of a deal between him and the leadership in the party. Crores have exchanged hands for the favour granted to Kushwaha and a group of senior leaders have shared the booty.So with no hero in the race, who could be the eventual winner? n I see no clear winner. It will be a hung assembly like everyone knows, though Congress is going to improve its tally. Rahul Gandhi is working hard and it would pay his party rich dividends. But again, while Rahul is targeting Mayawati's corruption, he is mum about Congress party's corruption or the rising inflation graph.How do you rate JKD's chances? Will it make any impact apart from eating into BJP's backward votebank? n We are the only party to field the highest number of youth - about 52%. Many would perform well. I believe that results in the western belt may throw quite a few surprises. Again it is not me. BJP is obsessed with Kalyan Singh. Fielding of tainted Sakshi Maharaj and Chhatrpal Singh from Bhongon and Anoopshahr proves the level of desperation and the desire to corner my vote share. But, no problem they have money, we have raw energy on our side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11395493", "title": "HC stays cops\u2019 notice on nylon manja sale", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Friday stayed the warning notice by Sitabuldi police to two kite-sellers against selling Chinese made nylon Manja used for flying kites. A division bench comprising justices Pratap Hardas and Prasanna Varale also issued notices to state home secretary, city police commissioner and senior police inspector of Sitabuldi in the city.The petitioners - Ramu Binkar and Bharat Kanojiya from Dharampeth - had approached the judiciary after Sitabuldi cops served a notice to them on December 28 under Section 149 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) asking them not to sell Chinese-made nylon Manja and warning that their shop would be sealed if they were found in violation. The police have been taking action against traders including seizure of stocks in order to discourage use of nylon manja all over the city.SK Mishra and Ritesh Kalra pleaded for the petitioners. Anand Fulzele, representing the state government, requested for a week's time for obtaining instructions.According to the petitioners, notice by Sitabuldi police is in contravention of their fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution of India to carry out a legal vocation. They contended that there was no ban on sale of nylon Manja by any government authority or under any law.Nylon manja has been blamed for a number of accidents during the kite-flying season each year sometimes resulting in even death. It causes a more severe injury as it does not easily snap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394286", "title": "Cash-strapped Air India to sell six freighters", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major bid to shore up its falling revenues, cash-strapped Air India has floated a global tender for the sale of six Boeing 737 freighters, virtually bringing the curtains down on its plan to launch a dedicated cargo service.The airline has already offered to lease out five of its eight Boeing 777-200 planes for 8-10 years and decided to go for sale and leaseback of the first seven Boeing 787 Dreamliners it is expected to receive till June this year. The six 30-year-old Boeing 737-200 freighters, which are up for sale on 'as is, where is' basis, belong to the erstwhile Indian Airlines . Three of these planes were earlier operating postal charters for the India Post.These passenger planes were converted into cargo carriers in 2007 when the airline had planned to launch a pan-India cargo service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11393754", "title": "UK PM terms Anuj's murder a 'horrific act'", "text": "LONDON: British prime minister David Cameron on Friday condemned 23-year-old Indian student Anuj Bidve's unprovoked murder on Boxing Day in Manchester as \"an absolutely horrific act\" and asked the police \"to do everything\" to ensure \"very tough punishment\" to his killer.Cameron said it was \"absolutely essential\" for the police \"to do everything they can to get to the bottom of what happened and make sure the person is rightly brought to justice''. The prime minister said it was unacceptable to have this sort of crime in his country.He conveyed his condolences to the Bidve family. \"My message, on behalf of the whole country, is one of huge sympathy and understanding to them.\" Cameron said he would be happy to meet Anuj's parents, now visiting England.The Lancaster University graduate student was shot in the head on December 26 while strolling with a group of friends towards Manchester city centre, where they were holidaying during the Christmas break.Anuj's parents would fly back to India with his body on Friday night and arrive in Mumbai a day later. They indicated that his funeral will take place in Pune the same evening.The family earlier visited the scene of Anuj's killing on Friday morning. His father, Subhash, emphasised that the family did not blame the people of Salford (Manchester) for their son's death. \"The only person we blame is the person who was responsible for taking Anuj away from us in this senseless act of violence...\"He read out a prepared statement with composure and dignity with his wife, Yogini, beside him. Subhash said the trip to England was an \"exceedingly difficult journey to make\". \"We have made the journey from India in order to see Anuj, see the place where he died, and most importantly take Anuj home with us.\" They offered flowers and silent prayers at the spot where their son was killed.Subhash said his son was full of hope and ambition for the future when he left India in September. \"We were all so proud of him. Anuj was our only son and we cannot comprehend this dreadful tragedy.\"The Bidves have met a number of people associated with their son since their arrival in England on Wednesday. They visited Lancaster University to collect his belongings on Thursday, besides meeting officials and their son's tutors and friends.British police briefed the family on the progress of their investigation into the murder. Twenty-year-old Kiaran Stapleton has been charged with the crime. Stapleton, who described himself in court as \"Psycho Stapleton\" when he appeared before a magistrate on Monday, has been remanded in custody until his next hearing at the Manchester Crown Court in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401910", "title": "Fahad Fazil' s excited about his next", "text": "Mollywood actor Fahad Fazil is excited about his next project with Lal Jose. Titled Diamond Necklace, the movie seems to be a completely different outing from Lal Jose camp. \"It's more of an experimental project,\" says Fahad.\"The make-up and cinematography are something to watch out for,\" says the young actor. Which means, Lal is gonna give him a completely different makeover? \"Well, that you will have to wait and watch,\" says the actor with a smile. Fahad says he would like to call this project a drama with a lot of emotions.Diamond Necklace revolves around the lives of three women and a man.Samvrutha Sunil and Amala Paul have been roped in for the movie and the director is on the lookout for the third face. The movie will be completely shot in Dubai .Fahad will soon start his shoot for Ashiq Abu's next, 22 Female Kottayam and he is awaiting the release of Padmasree Bharat Dr Saroj Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395856", "title": "Court notice to top cop over ban on hukka bars", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has sought an explanation from Jaipur police commissioner B L Soni on the alleged circular issued by him on December 9 last year putting a blanket ban on all 45 hukka bars operating in the city.The police commissioner has imposed ban on the bars by invoking powers under Section 145 of the CrPC citing greater public interest.The court order to Soni came on a petition filed by Cafe Cuba, a restaurant and a hukka bar located at a prime location in C-Scheme where personnel of Ashok Nagar police station allegedly started harassing customers and the owner even before the ban came into effect.\"The order placing the ban was effective from 6pm of December 9, but the police raided before 5.30 pm and even no such order was ever circulated to the bar owners earlier,\" the petitioner claimed before the court.Justice Alok Sharma issued the showcause notice to Soni and asked him to explain as to how the police arrived at the conclusion mentioned in the circular order of December 9 that \"people and young generations are being spoilt by these illegally run hookah bars\".The petitioner also contended that police have given no opportunity of justification that the bars are being run in the smoking area as may be prescribed under the Cigarette and Tobacco Product Act where in there is a provision for smoking area and there was nothing illegal until the product is being consumed by major people in that area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394473", "title": "Customs officers\u2019 residences raided", "text": "CHENNAI: CBI officers raided the residences and offices of two customs deputy commissioners in Chennai on Thursday and seized illegal wealth worth Rs 1.5crore.CBI teams began the search at the residences and offices of M Premkumar, the deputy commissioner of customs, legal/records/ communication, and Rangaswamy, the deputy commissioner of customs, customs house, at 8am.CBI sources said they seized incriminating documents, cash, gold and fixed deposit receipts to the tune of Rs 1.57 crore in the two raids.According to sources, the customs officials conspired with private firms in Chennai between May and June 2011 and sanctioned their fraudulent claims for refunds. It caused a loss of Rs 1.19 crore to the government. Following this, CBI conducted preliminary inquiry and confirmed the fraud. CBI has registered a case against Premkumar, Rangaswamy and others under various sections of IPC and Prevention of Corruption Act.CBI sources said they seized Rs 27 lakh from the bank locker, fixed deposits and other documents worth Rs 60.97 lakh, gold worth Rs 5.20 lakh and fixed deposits and savings bank account with Rs 25.36 lakh from M Premkumar's house and bank locker. Another team recovered Rs 1.22 lakh from Rangaswamy's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395840", "title": "HC notice to Centre, state over advocates\u2019 access to family courts", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the Rajasthan High Court has issued a showcause notice to the Central and state law secretaries as also the registrar general of the high court on the legal position of an adovcate's access in family courts where the lawyers are not allowed to practice.The Family Court's Act requires the parties to be present in person and only the court can appoint a lawyer as amicus curiae. The court's order came on a PIL filed by Jago Janta Society.Counsel for the society, Poonam Chand Bhandari, argued before the court that Section 30 of Advocate's Act has been notified by the Central government with effect from June 15 and the lawyers can appear before any court or tribunal to practice but the Family court is not allowing lawyer's assistance to the litigants in courts.\"We have been told orally by the court that no court or tribunal, including family court, can ask a lawyer now to not to appear in the court, however, a proper order will be passed only after the state and Central governments file their response,\" Bhandari said.In fact, Section 30 of the Advocate's Act entitles any lawyer to appear before any court, forum, tribunal or authority as of right to assist any person on legal issues but the same was not brought into force when the Adovcate Act was added to the statute book. As a result, in certain courts and tribunals, lawyers could appear only if they were permitted by the presiding officer.In 1988, the Supreme Court had asked the Centre to consider whether Section 30 should be brought into force or not. The court had then held that it was the discretion of the Centre to bring the section into force by issuing a notification.But it was only 50 years after enactment of Advocates Act in 1961, the Centre in June 2011 notified the said section giving lawyers as matter of right appear and practice, in all courts and forums, including tribunals or any quasi-judicial authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11396765", "title": "Man throws four-year-old son into well in Dahod", "text": "VADODARA: A man residing in an interior village of Dahod district killed his son by throwing him in a well. The four-year-old boy had drowned in the well on December 31 even as his father was arrested on Friday in connection with the case.The body of Devraj Dashrath Bilwal, 4, was found in a government water supply well near Abhlod village of Garbada taluka. Police had registered a case of accidental death on December 31 and begun investigation.Investigation revealed that Devraj's father Dashrath, a resident of Ukardi village in Dahod taluka, was married twice and used to stay with his second wife Humli. The couple separated on December 30 and Dashrath agreed to take responsibility of Devraj and keep him.However, Dashrath's first wife did not accept Devraj and insisted that he should send the boy back to Humli. When Dashrath tried to do so, even Humli's family staying at Nadhelav in Garbada taluka did not agree.Caught in a dilemma, Dashrath threw Devraj in the well on way back home. He was arrested by the police on Friday and booked for murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11396178", "title": "CBI takes charge of Ishrat case probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of 12 CBI officials, headed by joint director V V Laxminarayana, formally took over the Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case on Friday.Laxminarayana, along with deputy inspector general of CBI Pravin Salunke, SP Sandip Tamgade and chief investigator DSP Kalai Mani and three inspectors, visited two encounter sites. Ishrat Jahan was killed near Kotarpur Water Works in 2004 and Sadiq Jamal Mehtar was gunned down in Naroda by a team of crime branch officials in 2003.On Friday, the CBI team met the Gujarat high court-appointed Special Investigation Team ( SIT) chairman R R Verma and other members and took case documents from them along with basic information about the probe.The role that Laxminarayana will play is critical since he is in-charge of all four fake encounter case probes - Ishrat, Sadiq, Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati - which have been handed over to the CBI.The 1990-batch IPS officer of Maharashtra cadre who hails from Tamil Nadu may have to focus on the Hyderabad module of the Sohrabuddin conspiracy which is yet to be probed by any investigating agency.In 2005, the Gujarat Anti-Terrorist Squad officials conducted a clandestine operation in which Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauserbi along with Tulsiram were illegally detained from a bus in Hyderabad with help of Andhra Pradesh police. This aspect of the controversial twin encounters of Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram has remained uninvestigated till date.Laxminarayana is already quite well known down south. Largely owing to his investigation into Jagan assets and the APIICEmaar scam cases involving former chief minister of Andhra Pradesh Jaganmohan Reddy. Before being deputed to CBI, Laxminarayan had headed the Anti-Terrorist Squad of Maharashtra. After he joined CBI in 2006, he was posted in Hyderabad and is known for being a \"low-key man who means business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11394475", "title": "Stone lamp in Puttur church damaged", "text": "MANGALORE: A seven-foot tall stone lamp outside the Padavu St Xavier Church at Kadaba in Puttur in Dakshina Kannada district was damaged by miscreants on Friday.The lamp (Kalvilakku in Malayalam), which was constructed near the holy cross outside the church, was completely damaged. Church authorities said the incident may have taken place late in the night as there were people in the premises till 8pm. \"There was no power supply in the area and the miscreants may have committed the crime during that period,\" said church trustee T J Joseph.Church priest Fr Thomas Kannangal was not in the church when the incident took place, he said. \"I got the information regarding the incident at 9am. I rushed to the spot and later informed police,\" he added.Devotees light the stone lamp on important occasions in the church. \"People belonging to all communities here live in harmony. We have never encountered such situations in the past,\" Joseph recalled.Puttur ASP MN Anucheth told TOI that a case has been filed based on the complaint of church priest and is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11395980", "title": "250 quintal rice seized from mill", "text": "KORAPUT: At least 250 quintals of illegally stocked rice and 1,000 quintals of paddy was seized from a rice mill in Rayagada district on Thursday. The mill owner, V Narayan Murty, tried to bribe the policemen raiding his unit and the amount, Rs 80,000, was seized from him.The raid was carried out after police were tipped-off regarding the illegal stock of rice and paddy at the Venkat Laxmi Rice Mill situated in front of the residence of Rayagada collector.\"A special squad was formed for the raid. The illegally stocked foodgrains were seized because the mill owner could not produce relevant documents regarding the stocked rice and paddy. The exact quantity of paddy will be known after it is weighed,\" Prasant Kumar Bhupati, IIC Rayagada police station, said. \"The mill owner also tried to bribe us to suppress the matter. The bribe amount of Rs 80,000 has been seized,\" he added.Going by preliminary inquiry the police officer said, the mill owners are required to procure paddy from mandis (paddy procurement centres) created in the district for the Kharif Marketing Season (KMS), but the mill owner had illegally bought paddy from farmers without going to the mandis.\"We have come to know that the paddy was brought from Bissamkatak block. Though we can't jump into any conclusion at the moment, the rice was meant for distribution under the Rs 2 a kg scheme cannot be ruled out. A case has been registered and investigation is on,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11363819", "title": "An app to share your love-making location", "text": "'I Just Made Love' lets you GPS-tag the location where you made love and even record when and what position you made love in. Outrageous or cool? Melissa D'costa explores.American pop group, Black Eyed Peas' popular track 'Where Is The Love' echoes in your head when you think about the implications of a new app that is fast catching on with smartphone users. Called 'I Just Made Love', this new app lets you live vicariously, sharing your bedroom trysts with others and even letting you find people who are in the act while you are at it.More about the app... 'I Just Made Love' not only lets you log the location where you made love but also allows you to share intimate details of the act including the position and time, which you can upload on an online database with your comments. The app has already been downloaded 10,000 times and rated five stars by dozens of users. The site claims to have recorded 193,000 'acts of love', Most of the posts via the site so far seem to be in Polish - with only isolated instances of lovemaking in other countries.What purpose does it serve? While it's hard to verify the lovemaking claims posted via the app, it does look like the perfect tool for exhibitionists who want to brag about their sexual conquests. For those who advocate 'Don't kiss and tell,' this app will serve no purpose. Dr Parul Tank , a consultant psychiatrist, is wary of this app. She says, \"People may download this app for the novelty and the thrill of it. It appears to give a new outlet for people to share details about their sexual encounters.However it can be easily abused by people. It's putting out too much information, and you may not have control over who has access to it. Hence, the app should be used with caution.\"Clinical psychologist Dr Seema Hingorrany finds the app outrageous, and feels that it invades private space. She says, \"Most people would not want to share their intimate moments on a public domain. This app may be used by desperate attention seekers who want to brag about their sexual conquests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11394151", "title": "Poets meet held", "text": "HUBLI: District minister Jagadish Shettar said poets have a major role to play in society as they are capable of bringing changes and reforming society through their effective poems.He was speaking after inaugurating the 12th national-level women poets meet organized by the All India Poetess Conference (AIPC) at Sawai Gandharava hall, here on Friday. Many poetesses in Karnataka have given a new dimension to poetry and enriched the language and literature. Writing poems is a challenging task which is possible for a few gifted people and it also involves lot of creativity and hard work, he said.More than 600 women poetes attended the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11395476", "title": "Hand-painting falls prey to flex machines", "text": "VARANASI: Once a booming sector, the hand-painted advertisement boards and hoardings are struggling to survive amidst a world of computerised printing and flex printing.The large scale hand-painted advertisement boards, banners and hoardings with colourful paints and artistic designs, including abiding memories of some wall paintings adorning the ignored buildings of the city, are now almost a thing of the past.According to painter Ram Ji Yadav, a resident of Chowkaghat, flex printing ate up more than half of the business. \"Until the flex machines and computerised designing were introduced, the business was good. But the wide availability of such machines in every corner has reduced even the minimal hope of business that comes from city's shopkeepers to get their boards ready. Most of the city's painters have either switched over to flex printing or have left the profession.\" According to Yadav, around 500 painters have switched over to flex printing in the city. Those who are still in the business are mostly found near ghats or on the outskirts of the city.\"We have been making banners and hoardings for the past 60 years. Our elders used to make great advertisements with paint and brush. However, there are no more painters or artists in this field now as almost 75% people who were painters have switched over to flex machines. Another 15% have left the profession and the remaining 10% are still struggling to keep the dying art alive,\" said Santosh Arora, owner of a flex printing lab in Ramapura.According to Santosh, the profit was equal in flex as well as hand-painted boards when flex was introduced some 6-7 years ago, but later on it captured the market and increased the competition among fellowmen, giving heavy loss to hand-painted advertisements. \"The minimum cost of setting up flex machine including its accessories is approximately Rs 15 lakh which is not affordable by poor artists like us. Therefore I have engaged myself in other works and do the needful if once in a blue moon an order comes for hand-painted advertisement. A painting tradition pre-dating modern advertisements is absolutely on the brink of extinction,\" said Ramesh Malhotra, another painter turned retail shop owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11401993", "title": "Fifth arrest in NRHM scam, Lucknow unit of Doordarshan and AIR also under scanner", "text": "LUCKNOW: CBI has arrested GK Batra, managing director of a company which supplied instruments to government hospitals covered by National Rrual Health Mission (NRHM). With this five arrests have taken so far.Former family welfare minister in Mayawati government Babu Singh Kushwaha, who is also under CBI scanner and has now joined BJP after being expelled by BSP, may also be arrested soon. CBI is also likely to file 20 more FIRs for irregularities in the NRHM implementation.Following raids across the state on Wednesday in connection with NRHM scam, the CBI has so far arrested general manager (GM) of Jai Nigam, PK Jain , former director general (medical &amp; health and family welfare) Dr SP Ram, GM of UPSIC, Abhay Kumar Vajpayee and drug supplier Saurabh Jain.The CBI has produced Batra in the CBI court which sent him for three days judicial custody. They all been found to be involved irregularities upgrading on 134 hospitals along with purchase of medicines, computers and ambulances.According to CBI, it is also scanning advertisement records of Doordarshan unit of Lucknow and All India Radio which were given advertisements to the tune of Rs 20 crore in last five of years to publicise NRHM schemes. Saurabh Jain was a small time medicine shop a few years back.CBI sources claimed that due to his association with Kushwaha, Saurabh Jain earned crores in a very short time. Earlier, the CBI had established that Babu Singh Kushwaha bend rules and official norms to make fast money. CBI is also interrogating officials of other companies which supplied surgical equipments and drugs under NRHM.CBI is probing NRHM scam on the directions of the high court. The scam surfaced in April last year after murder of two chief medical officers of family welfare department posted in Lucknow. Later, deputy chief medical officers, YS Sachan, who was arrested on charges of corruption and plotting murder of his seniors, was found dead in mysterious circumstances in Lucknow Jail.Authorities claim that Sachan committed suicide but his family members and judicial inquiry done on high court's direction states that he was murdered. Kushwaha was sacked by Mayawati in April. Later, in November, he was expelled from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401745", "title": "Jeyamohan to make his debut in M-town", "text": "Writer Jeyamohan, who gave exceptional scripts in K-town with Naan Kadavuland Angadi Theru,will now debut in Mollywood. He will write the screenplay for actor Madhupal's next directorial venture.Titled Ozhimuri, it tells the story of a husband and wife who are seperated. \"It explores relationships as well as separation,\" says the director. Jeyamohan is a good friend of Madhupal and both have been keen on doing a movie together. The movie will have Lal, Asif Ali, Shwetha Menon , Bhavan and Mallika doing pivotal roles.Madhupal made his directorial debut through Thalappavu, which spoke about the Naxalite era in Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11393734", "title": "101 will celebrate birthday with run", "text": "MUMBAI: While each of the 38,775 participants running at the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon ( SCMM) this year will be rejoicing at the finish line, the celebrations will be extra special for a bunch of them. On January 15-the day of the marathon-101 participants will be celebrating their birthday and for most of them, this feat will hold a lot of importance.\"I have bought the best pair of shoes and all the necessary equipment for my run and this year I will not give any excuses to give up in the end. My friends will be waiting for me with a cake at the finish line of the run,\" said Valroy Miranda, an MNC executive who will be turning 35 this year. Miranda has been practising for this run since July last year and intends to finish the half marathon in style. For 26-year-old Apeksha Hegde, her 27th birthday will also bring another special occasion. \"One of my very close friend is getting married on the same day so I will be celebrating my birthday with people I love,\" said Hegde, who is an architect. by profession.The youngest \"birthday boy\" to run this year will be 22-year-old Pious Saraswat from Gurgaon who will be aiming at the full marathon finish line to celebrate his day. Another participant, Thiru Selvam (23), decided to participate in the marathon this year because it was to be held on his birthday.\"My friend from work and I have decided that we will work really hard and train ourselves to become fit so that we can finish the half marathon with ease. We put in two hours of practice almost every day,\" said Selvam. He has decided to celebrate both his achievement at the marathon as well his birthday with his close friends in the evening.Senior citizens, too, will be joining in the fun. Pushpa Mody (67) is looking forward to her birthday celebration with her daughters and grandchildren. But what she wants to do before that is complete the senior citizen run in the day. \"It will be a special gift for myself. After I got a knee replacement done last year, I have been asked not to run so I will finish this feat walking,\" said Mody.Another participant, Kishan Tilwani too will be celebrating his 68th birthday on January 15. \"I am participating in the senior citizen run for the past five years and this year, my celebrations will be special with my wife and daughter,\" said Tilwani, a retired army officer.Taking the celebratory mood a little ahead, Miranda has also decided to make this year special with his New Year's resolution. \"I have decided to run 1000 km over this year and I will save Rs 100 for every km that I run. By the end of the year, I will have saved a lot of money,\" Miranda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11403981", "title": "Gang involved in fraudulent withdrawals from ATMs busted", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of three persons, the Patna Police on Saturday busted a gang engaged in fraudulently withdrawing cash from different ATMs in the city. Police recovered five ATM cards besides three cell phones from the possession of the arrested persons, said Patna Senior SP (SSP) Alok Kumar here.He said four FIRs were lodged with the Sachivalaya police station against unknown persons in connection with fraudulent withdrawal of cash from an SBI ATM located at Sinchai Bhawan in the past two months. Consequently, a special police team led by City SP Kim was constituted to investigate the case.The SSP said that the victims, who had lodged complaints, were shown the CCTV footage of the ATM and they recognized the suspects. He said that on Saturday, the special team found three persons standing in queue at the SBI ATM at Sinchai Bhawan who resembled those in the CCTV footage.\"Seeing the police team, the trio tried to escape. However, the special police team chased and arrested them,\" he said.Kumar said the arrested persons have been identified as Arvind Kumar alias Nishant, a native of Defence Colony under Sahpur police station, Patna district, Navlesh Kumar Singh, a resident of Sahpur, and Ajit Kumar , a native of Ibrahimpur under Naubatpur police station in Patna district. The arrested persons confessed their involvement in fraudulent withdrawals from different city ATMs, he said.Describing their modus operandi, the SSP said the trio used to stand in queue at ATM and create commotion if somebody took time in withdrawing the cash, making him leave the place in a hurry. The trio then used to re-press the operation button and withdraw cash.The SSP urged people to wait for 30 seconds after pressing the cancellation button before leaving the place as it would not allow anyone else to operate their account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11400695", "title": "Indian people love a good party: Yves Larock", "text": "This year has a very good one for music fans in India, as the country saw a variety of international acts coming to perform here, be it Shakira, Metallica, Pitbull, etc.And the latest one is Swiss Dj and music producer Yves Larock who has given hits like Zookey, Rise Up and By Your Side. His music style encompasses elements of House , Hip-Hop, R&B;, Ragga, Reggae and Electronica. Larock, who had four-day tour planned in India for the New Year Eve week-end and performed in Mumbai, says, \"I've already been to India two times before and I loved it every time! The atmosphere is great and the people really want to have fun and enjoy their party. I'm really happy that they asked me to come back, especially for the New Year weekend because I can only imagine at how big that was going to be. Speaking from my experience, I can very much say that Indian people love a good party, and so it was an amazing experience!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11396277", "title": "Railway staff held for ganja smuggling", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Railways has become a safe mode of communication for ganja suppliers of the northeast after police stepped up vigil on roads to prevent illegal transportation of narcotics and contraband in the state. Drug peddlers are even using railway employees as carriers.This came to the fore after a GRP personnel succeeded to nab Ajay Kumar Kohli (34), a railway employee of the Rajdhani Express, with 20 kg of ganja here on Friday. \"We had information that a huge amount of ganja was being carried in the Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express. In the morning, when the train reached Guwahati station, we conducted a check and found ganja in the train's generator room. We have arrested Kohli, the kingpin in the case,\" said a GRP official here. The train reached the station at 7 am.\"Nowadays, the smugglers are using many railway employees as carriers. Sometimes, even security personnel are being engaged for carrying ganja and arms. These activities are mainly controlled from the bordering areas of Nagaland and Manipur. From Nagaland, ganja and other contraband are supplied to various parts of Uttar Pradesh , Bihar, Rajasthan, Delhi where these are sold at a high price,\" added the official.The estimated price of Friday's catch was Rs 50,000. However, Kohli denied the cahrges and said he had no knowledge about the belongings. \"I was taking a nap and have no idea of these bags. The train is interconnected and anyone can keep it in the generator room. I am innocent,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394244", "title": "In rare cases, sexual abuse may be the trigger", "text": "MUMBAI: There could be a darker side to a child's reluctance to go to school. While most city psychiatrists have linked the reasons for children's school phobia to either bullying, a fear of schoolteachers or even the inability to adjust to a more formal setting, a few experts have pointed out that physical or sexual harassment and abuse could sometimes be the reason.Psychiatrists stress that such cases must be handled very sensitively. When phobia arises due to such instances, it is very difficult to heal and it takes a lot of time to get the child to reveal and talk about the problem.\"Since the experience is very traumatic for the children, they feel the need to hide it from the world. It takes many counselling sessions to get such children to share their problem and we cannot start the healing process without finding out the root cause of their phobia,\" said city psychiatrist Dr Seema Hingorrany.However, many psychiatrists pointed out that this was not a very common reason for school phobia.In a few cases, genetics too could play a role, said some psychiatrists. If the child is displaying unusual behaviour, the doctors could look into the family history and see if there are cases of anxiety or over-reaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11395538", "title": "Young diplomat feted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Venkatesh Varma, joint secretary in MEA, responsible for disarmament and nuclear policies became the first young diplomat to receive an award for excellence. The first-of-its-kind award - named after S K Singh, one of India's most famous foreign secretaries - was given away on Friday evening by Congress party president Sonia Gandhi .Varma was felicitated for the key role he played in securing India's interests in the global nuclear order, the citation read. An IFS officer of the 1988 batch, Varma was one of the key negotiators for the Indo-US nuclear deal, first as director in the PMO when India and the US were working on the 123 agreement and later in Geneva , when the safeguards agreement and the additional protocol were negotiated.The jury of the award was nothing short of stellar, including Rahul Gandhi; vice president Hamid Ansari; foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai; national security adviser Shivshankar Menon and Manju Singh, wife of SK Singh. Kanishk Singh, S K Singh's son, is also close associate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11396053", "title": "People snatch away 'tainted' cop from vigilance custody", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A group of people on Friday left the state vigilance wing red-faced by snatching away a police officer, allegedly trapped by it while taking bribe at Nimapada police station in Puri district. The cop in question Bimal Nayak, who is the inspector-in-charge of the police station, was untraceable till filing of this report.Sources said Nayak was trapped with the bribe amount of Rs 5,000 inside his official cabin. He had allegedly demanded the amount from complainant Sanjay Sekhar Mohapatra to accept his FIR against a person, who was not returning his money since long.As the vigilance officers were busy doing the formalities, a group of around 150 persons stormed into the inspector's room and tried to take away Nayak from the custody of the vigilance. They vouched for Nayak's honesty and claimed it was a conspiracy to tarnish his reputation.Caught unawares, the six-member vigilance staff and five police officers tried to stop the mob. A few unarmed police personnel, including the Nimapada sub-divisional police officer (SDPO), who was present in his quarter on the police station premises, rushed to stop the crowd. But all attempts fell by the wayside, as the public managed to snatch away Nayak as well as the bribe, seized from him.\"The mob overpowered our personnel. The people should not have taken law into their hands. The inspector as well as those who helped him escape will face the music,\" SP (Puri) Amitendranath Sinha said. Some locals suspected the sub-ordinate cops at the police station did not dare to stop the inspector, who has been serving in Nimapada since the last one and a half years.\"A case has been registered against Nayak. The inspector will be arrested and face departmental proceeding. He was caught red-handed with the bribe. He should not have fled with the help of the mob,\" vigilance IG Santosh Upadhyay said. \"We suspect the involvement of some local politicians in rescuing him from our custody. Cases will also be registered against the mob for taking the law into their hands,\" Upadhyay said.Incidentally, the incident brought back the memory of a similar incident in 1995 when P K Singh Manakee, a former officer-in-charge of Gop police station in Puri district, was snatched away by public from vigilance custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11402818", "title": "Congress will sweep the polls: Amarinder Singh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Moments before he was hit by the defection-blow of his angry brother, Malwinder Singh, PCC chief Amarinder Singh had declared that his party would sweep the assembly elections by bagging 70 plus votes.In a media interaction at party officer here, on Saturday, Amarinder while responding to queries on large scale dissidence over candidate selection, had brushed aside any threat to party's prospects at the hustings while claiming that the dissidents would come around. \"There is no question of any action against anyone, we are all part of a big family.\"On his brother's revolt, Amarinder said he understood why Malwinder was hurt. \" He has been in the party for 35 years, which is a fairly long time. He has been denied ticket thrice, so one does get upset. But, we both come from a disciplined force. I am sure, he would reconcile,\" he said recalling Malwinder's long association with Gandhi family. Both Malwinder and late PM Rajiv Gandhi were classmates in Doon School.Meanwhile, Amarinder chose to defend his son's candidature from Samana claiming that Raninder and Muktsar candidate Karan Kaur Brar ( late CM H S Brar's daughter in law) were handpicked by AICC president Sonia Gandhi , who wanted to 'reward' the two for having fought two 'losing' electoral battles earlier, on party's orders. \"The Congress president remembered that Raninder contested against Badal's daughter in law and Karan had challenged Sukhbir (Badal) with the aim of restricting the Badal family's movement, although they knew they would lose the elections. It was very kind and generous gesture on her (Sonia Gandhi) part (to have given tickets to the two).\"On accusations of favouring family politics in picking up kin of established leaders, Amarinder claimed that winnability was the sole criteria adopted. He also claimed that the party meant no disrespect to late CM Beant Singh's family since it had adjusted two of his grandsons. While one is an MP, the other got a ticket for assembly elections. He was reacting to Beant's daughter Gurkanwal's outburst for being denied ticket from Jalandhar.For the three seats of Bhoa, Mansa and Sujanpur, Amarinder hinted that MP Ashwani Kumar had offered some names for Bhoa and Sujanpur which were under discussion, while former FM Surinder Singla was one of the candidates for Mansa seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11396408", "title": "Division of JSEB in final stage", "text": "RANCHI: Division of the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB), which has been pending for over 10 years, is in final stage.Sources in the state energy department said trifurcation of the board was delayed because of agitation by the employees for many years. Whenever the government tried to divide the board, the employees started agitation and went on strike.\"This time, chief minister Arjun Munda, who is also the in-charge of the energy department, has decided to trifurcate the board and the process has been initiated. We have asked the Power Finance Corporation (PFC) for assistance,\" said a source. The board will be trifurcated and three companies for generation, transmission and distribution will be created.At present, the JSEB is incurring huge losses and every year the state government has to provide financial assistance to it for payment of salaries and other expenditure running into hundreds of crores. Since the state-owned power generation units are also in bad shape, most parts of Jharkhand, especially the industries, suffer a lot.State energy secretary Vimal Kirti Singh, said the department had received all relevant documents from the board related to its accounts and its liability. The liability includes amount spent on giving benefits to retired employees.\"We have prepared a detailed report on the JSEB and within a couple of days it will be handed over to the PFC so that it can design a roadmap for unbundling of the board,\" said Singh adding that once the blueprint was prepared by the PFC, the board would be trifurcated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399993", "title": "\u2018I love the positive vibes\u2019", "text": "Smita Bansal's Juhu home is like her - simple, humble, unpretentious and prettyYour home is located in...JuhuIs this your dream house? Rate it on a scale of 10.It is a beautiful house and the location is great. I will give it seven on a scale of 10. My house has very positive vibes and whenever I am at home I am the happiest. It is a great place to be in.What is your favourite memory of the house?The day I entered the house with my newborn daughter in my hands was a special day. The memories of that day in my house are truly special.What is your favourite possession in the house?I love everything about this house because of its innate positivity. There is a wall that I have decorated with pictures of my family and I simply love that space. It makes me nostalgic whenever I look at it and the best part is that every memory is captured in that space.Calming space in your home?There is a window in my living room that overlooks the building compound. I find this to be the most calming and peaceful area.Favourite party corner in your house is...My living room in its entirety is my favourite party place. It is huge and spacious and is not just my favourite area, but of all my friends as well.Your most useful interior tipUse space wellWhat does interior decoration mean to you?I don't like congested houses. Houses that can breathe, look beautiful, I feel. I don't like over-crowded homes, rather they should be simple and basic.(As told to Debarati S Sen)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395577", "title": "Gangsters killed in encounter, 3 cops injured", "text": "BHOPAL: Two gangsters, involved in a number of criminal cases including rape and murder, were killed on Friday in an encounter with the police at Jagar hills in Guna district of Madhya Pradesh.Three policemen also sustained injuries in the gun battle in which criminals Kiran Pardi and Sunil Pardi were eliminated, Guna district superintendent of police K C Jain said after returning from the spot.He said Dharnawada station house officer Narendra Bhargava, Jagar Police Picket in-charge Gopal Choubey and constable Narendra Singh Raghuvansi were injured in the encounter.All of them have been admitted to the district hospital for treatment.The officer informed that the gangsters were wanted in connection with a number of criminal cases including rape and murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11396226", "title": "Stopping construction of dam is not the solution, says NHPC", "text": "GUWAHATI: NHPC is apparently unhappy about the anti-dam groups stopping construction materials from reaching the site of the 2000 MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project till the downstream impact study is over.At the meeting with the group of ministers on Thursday, almost all the anti-dam groups including Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) and All Assam Students Union (AASU) had categorically said no construction material will be allowed to reach the Lower Subansiri project site till the technical expert committee's downstream impact studies is over.\"This is very unfortunate. Stopping the construction of the dam is untenable. We have already informed the concerned authorities in New Delhi on the latest development,\" a senior NHPC official said.The official said NHPC had gone ahead with the construction of the project with due approval from various statutory agencies including the Central Water Commission. The construction works were carried out after proper reviewing of the report submitted by experts from IIT Guwahati, Gauhati University and Dibrugarh University.A technical committee headed by C D Thatte is also conducting study on the project.\"Stopping the construction of the dam is not the solution. We have tried our best to allay the apprehensions regarding the project. Moreover, we have proceeded with the works only after due consultations. If at all further modifications are required, it can be done even when works is on,\" the official added.The eight organizations led by KMSS resumed prevention of construction materials from reaching the project site on Friday. The activists have set up a vigilance group at the Ghagor area of Lakhimpur district. AASU and members of 26 organisations have also deployed its activists at Gogamukh to stop movement of the construction materials.However, the anti-dam activists made it clear that this time they would not stop transportation of essential commodities meant for the workers of the project.\"We are not preventing movement of essential commodities for the workers at the project site. We are only stopping construction materials,\" KMSS assistant general secretary, Bedanta Laskar said.The recent blockade launched on December 16, caused severe scarcity of essential commodities including diesel at the construction site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393654", "title": "HC staff to protest from Jan 9", "text": "PATNA: The Patna High Court (HC) Employees and Staff Association has decided to sport black ribbon from January 9-January 13 in protest against alleged apathetic attitude of the court's administration towards its grievances which includes delay in promotion despite vacancies.Addressing mediapersons, association chairman K N Shukla said that though memorandums containing the problems were submitted to the Chief Justice and registrar general, the same remains to be addressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11394405", "title": "Shanti Bhushan slapped Rs27L penalty for stamp duty evasion", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Team Anna's woes keep mounting. The court of Additional Inspector General, Stamps and Registration, on Friday ordered senior team member and former Union minister Shanti Bhushan to pay more than Rs 27 lakh for undervaluing and evading stamp duty on purchase of prime property in upmarket Civil Lines area in November 2010. He also has to pay 1.5% monthly interest on the enhanced value of the property, now set at Rs 1.34 crore.\"The entire amount has to be paid within a month, failing which the department will initiate appropriate action,\" AIG K P Pandey said.Shanti Bhushan slammed the demand as illegal, saying it had been issued to bring more political pressure on him. \"This illegal order will be challenged in the HC through a writ petition,\" he said.The former Union minister and his sons Prashant and Jayant and daughter Shefali had earlier been issued notice by the same office for alleged evasion of stamp duty on February 5 last and a reminder for filing a reply was issued on April 15.The order directs the property to now be registered at Rs 1.34 crore on the basis of calculations done by the office of AIG, Stamps and Registration.The entire land was shown to be purchased for Rs 6.67 lakh. Shanti Bhushan used to stay in the bungalow built on the land till the 1970s when he moved to New Delhi. The property, spread over 7,818 square meters with a built up area of 970 sq m, was registered by Bhushans on November 29, 2010, on the basis of assessment system prevalent before 1997 wherein the Municipal Corporation was the authority to decide the rate of property in a particular area of the city. The circle rate is now set by the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11400498", "title": "UIDAI data centre hacking not ruled out", "text": "RANCHI: The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) today did not rule out the possibility of hacking of its data centre and suggested that security should be put in place.\"(As far as) data centre hacking, we have to be alert. Securities have to be put in place to ensure that data is not accessed in any unauthorised manner,\" Director General of UIDAI R S Sharma while replying to a query on whether there was any threat from hackers.It was the world's largest biometric data base and was the most impressive project in terms of data complexities and other parameters, he told reporters here.Sharma, however, said no one could know the identity of persons from Aadhaar numbers as they were random numbers, and identify could not be ascertained.The UIDAI's mandate is to issue every resident a unique identification number named Aadhaar linked to the resident's demographic and biometric information, which they can use to identify themselves anywhere in India, and to access a host of benefits and services.Asserting that the UIDAI was on the right pace in generating Aadhaar numbers, he said 20 crore people were enrolled since the launch of the project on September 29 last year.Aadhaar numbers were being generated at the rate of one million per day, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11395483", "title": "Model code hits business of printing", "text": "VARANASI: The election officials are busy in removing banners, posters and hoardings related to political advertisements, ensuring proper promulgation of model code of conduct ( MCC) for UP Assembly Election-2012. As a result, the city that was once covered with colourful posters of political leaders and their election symbols has started taking on a deserted look. This is also hitting the business of flex, offsets and digital printing.\"There are no booking and future orders for preparing banners, handbills and posters,\" says Ajay Kumar, a printing press owner in Ramapura. According to Santosh Arora, another printer, a lot of stock of plastic sheets for flex printing and bundles of papers was wasted in the New Year as no political party turned up to place orders for posters and banners. Usually on that occasion political parties go all out to paste their posters and banners. \"Unlike last year when as many as 500 political posters and banners were prepared by us, the business had been nearly zero this year,\" added Arora.According to him, due to the model code of conduct and its related drive pertaining to removal of all political advertisements form walls, a large number of public sector units, social work groups and individuals have also cancelled their orders. \"At some places, private and individual advertisements are also destroyed if they are placed in close vicinity to political advertisements. This has reduced local and regular customers,\" says Sunil Pandey, a printer of Jagatganj area.According to Manoj Rai, Samajwadi Party candidate from Dhoopchandi area of the city, no orders are being placed for banners and posters and more thrust will be put on pamphlets and handbills for advertising. However, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate Jyotsna Srivastava from Cantonment area is of the opinion that no such advertisements are required for her.\"We are only engaged in getting the pending work done and no new work is coming. However there are hopes that once the campaigning will begin the business of all kinds of printing will redeem again with over thousands of handbills and hundreds of posters that are expected to get orders,\" says Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394108", "title": "RTE rules apply from LKG, schools told", "text": "CHENNAI: Private unaided schools in the state will have to allocate 25% of seats in the lower kindergarten, and not just class 1, for children from disadvantaged backgrounds.The school education department announced the long-awaited admission guidelines under the Right to Education Act at a meeting of school heads called by the inspector of matriculation schools in various educational districts on Friday.Academics said the state had taken a bold decision to include children as young as three or four, even though the Act only covered children from 6 to 14 years. Child rights activists have been campaigning for the inclusion of children from 0 to 18 years in the Act.Reading out circulars from the school education department, the inspector aid that admission for the 25% reserved seats must be done in May. Separate applications must be issued to parents or guardians in the first week of May, and the filled in applications must be collected in the third week. Admissions must be done based on random selection in the fourth week and the candidate list put up on the notice board. Admissions must be carried out till December if there are vacancies in the reserved seats.\"It will be convenient to fill the 25% reservation in LKG rather than Class 1, as that would require making arrangements for additional infrastructure. But, admitting children till December will put pressure on the teacher, as there will be an imbalance in the class,\" said a school head, who declined to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "11396128", "title": "Solve Hmar problem: MHA to Mizoram", "text": "AIZAWL: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has urged the Mizoram government to resume talks with the Manipur-based insurgent group, Hmar People's Convention-Democrats (HPC-D), to find peaceful solution to the vexed Hmar problems.The MHA sent a letter to the Mizoram chief secretary Van Hela Pachuau on December 22, 2011 instructing the state government to make expeditious arrangements and work out modalities for resumption of talks. \"I have received a letter from the MHA but the state government is yet to take a decision on the matter,\" Pachuau said.The HPC-D and the ruling Congress government led by chief minister Lal Thanhawla began negotiations on November 11, 2010. The bilateral Suspension of Operations (SoO) was also signed between the two parties on the same day with an agreement to continue the parley for the next six months.The peace talks were abandoned when the state government sent a letter to the HPC-D leadership on December 22, 2010, saying that it would not accept 'foreigners' as members of the HPC-D delegation for the peace parley and the next date scheduled for the talks, January 14, 2011 was deferred.The HPC-D denied that their delegation team included a foreigner and the war of words continued between the two sides with both the parties drifting further away from the negotiating table.The chief minister, during a discussion on the issue during question hour, said his government did not have any intention of renewing the SoO signed between the state government and HPC-D on November 11, 2010 as the outfit and other groups in Manipur had already signed the SoO with the Centre.He brought an end to the peace talks when he accused some of the cadres of the HPC-D of not following the conditions laid down in the Suspension of Operations (SoO) signed between the Centre and the outfit earlier and of indulging in illegal activities. He notified the Ministry of Home Affairs about the matter so that it could take appropriate actions.\"While they (HPC-D) had agreed to deposit their arms in designated camps, some of them are still indulging in illegal activities outside their designated camps and we have no choice but to report the matter to the MHA,\" he said.An intelligence source said while the Hmar delegation for the peace talks seemed to be dedicated to finding a lasting solution for the Hmar problem, the HPC-D leadership lacked the capability and ingenuity to continue the peace process with the Mizoram government.The HPC-D founder-president Lalhmingthanga Sanate was recently ousted by the outfit for 'indulging in anti-party activities'. According to the intelligence source, Sanate was ousted for abandoning the cause of the Hmars by indulging in religious fanaticism and becoming a Christian preacher in Assam rather than a guerilla leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11394719", "title": "Mausam rallies against govt", "text": "MALDA: North Malda Congress MP Mausam Noor has undertaken yet another rally against the state government. On Friday she set out on a torch rally of the Youth Congress. The rally will continue for the next three days, starting Saturday, in different parts of North Malda and will be attended by Youth Congress supporters. Irrigation minister Manas Bhunia and MP Deepa Dasmunsi are set to attend the rally.To justify her initiative, Noor said, \"Every year thousands of people lose their land, household, in the erosion of the rivers Ganga, Fulohar, Mahananda and Tista. The Left Front government did not take any initiative to solve the crisis permanently. After the change of state government I took up the issue several times. But state minister of irrigation Manas Bhunia had confided that such a huge project could not be done by the government.\"Noor had spoken to the Union minister of water resources who agreed to undertake the erosion protection work permanently. However, the Union government needed a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the state which is yet to be issued. \"Despite several reminders in this regard, the state government has taken no initiative. This rally is to wake them up. If immediate measure is not taken to curb the erosion, a large portion of North Bengal would be badly affected.\"On Friday, a torch rally by the Youth Congress was flagged off by Noor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11394168", "title": "Boston-returned Pali Hill resident to contest", "text": "MUMBAI: Now, even glamorous and uber cool residents from the upscale Pali Hill area in Bandra (W) are interested in changing the city's political landscape. Soma Manghnani (31), a Boston University-returned resident of Pali Hill, will contest the civic polls from ward 65, declared as a general ward.Manghnani has had no experience tackling civic issues but she is managing trustee and spokesperson for Muktangan International Foundation, which works for the upliftment of war widows and underprivileged children.\"I am keen to become a corporator as having travelled the world I feel certain basic changes need to come in terms of infrastructure. People with strong ethical values must start taking an active interest in their areas. I know all the affluent people of my area and I am sure they would like to provide Pali Hill with better facilities,\" said Manghnani.To be launched from the Mumbai 227 platform for citizen candidates, Manghnani recently sought inspiration from anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare . She will have a tough contender in corporator Asif Zakaria (Congress), who intends to contest from that ward. Zakaria has carried out a lot of development in his previous ward (96) and has many Bandra residents angling in his favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11400067", "title": "Sukh Ram surrenders, court sends him to jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Patiala House court has ordered Sukh Ram to be sent to jail in ambulance to serve his three-year sentence. Earlier, Sukh Ram arrived at the court complex in ambulance following court orders to surrender.On Friday, Sukh Ram's counsel told the Delhi high court that the former Union minister, convicted in a 1993 telecom scam was in coma. However, Dr Wasi U Khan, Medical Superintendent, Metro Heart Institute, Lajpat Nagar, where Sukh Ram is admitted, said in a statement in a statement said, \"it may be clarified that Shri Sukhramji was never in coma while in hospital.\"\"His condition is generally stable other than mild drowsiness because of low sodium,\" Dr Sandeep Chatrath, group chief, Metro Group of Hospitals, said.The former minister's counsel told the Delhi high court today that Sukh Ram \"has gone into coma, he cannot move from hospital\".The former telecom minister was admitted to the Metro Heart Institute on December 31, 2011, after he complained of severe chest pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399518", "title": "Chinmaya Sisters taking off an a rhythmic note!", "text": "Chinmaya Sisters Uma and Radhika in a chat.THE INSTRUMENT WE LIKE BEST Uma: Even as a child, I've been fascinated by the sitar. My heart actually leaps with joy on hearing the melody the strings produce and I have enjoyed listening to Pandit Ravi Shankar playing the instrument with a smile on his face. I also love listening to my gurus, T N Seshagopalan and Neyveli Santhanagopalan playing the veena. Radhika: My all-time favourite is the one and only Mandolin Srinivas. It is a wonder how he creates such divine music on the instrument.DREAM COLLABORATION Uma: My choice would undoubtedly be the queen of Hindustani music, Parveen Sultana. I have always been mesmerised by her voice and excellent range. Radhika: One of my favourite songs is an old Hindi number (Kahe Tarsaye...) sung by Asha Bhonsle and Usha Mangeshkar. I remember singing it when I was in school. The two voices blend so beautifully that it has always made me wonder how it would be to sing with them.FOOD ITEMS WE AVOID DURING THE SEASON Uma: Rich creamy curd rice, seasoned with chillies and ginger, is something that I crave for, but avoid during music season. Radhika: I try not taking citric fruits as they sometimes irritate the throat. A big glass of orange or lime juice is one thing that always tempts me.PERFORMING AS A DUO Uma and Radhika: Duo singing has more advantages than disadvantages. With two voices blending well and sounding as one, it enhances the impact of the concert. Travelling together for concerts also becomes fun as we enjoy each other's company. We also have intense arguments and discussions that help us come up with new ideas.INTERESTING MOMENTS DURING THE SEASON Uma and Radhika: It has been a great season this year. We included some unfamiliar Oothukadu kritis in some of our concerts and that received special appreciation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11393492", "title": "'Elusive' sun to be back on Sunday", "text": "PATNA: Clouds and fog are likely to affect sunshine in the city on Saturday as well. Daylong sunshine is likely to return from Sunday.\"Till the next 48 hours, clouds and fog will keep sunshine away from the city,\" said Patna met office director, Aashish Sen.Weathermen on Friday said southerly and south-easterly wind, which is blowing through the city currently, has brought fog, clouds and moisture. Some rain is also likely in the next 48 hours.The current weather phenomenon has been influenced by western disturbances. \"Disturbances have come from Jammu &amp; Kashmir. Instead of completely passing through the Himalayan range of mountains, it is passing partly through northern plains. The cold spell in the city has been caused by it,\" Sen added.Weathermen also said that anticyclonic circulation has been brewing in the lower sphere in Bay of Bengal. It has caused moisture, fog and clouds in West Bengal, Jharkhand and Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11395375", "title": "Training for jallikattu participants", "text": "MADURAI: The district administration has organised a training programme in Madurai on Saturday for youth participating in jallikattu events.The district administration had come up with the idea to conduct the training programme in the wake of strict opposition to jallikattu events from the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), that is working for a ban on jallikattu on the grounds that the bulls were treated cruelly. The training programme would brief participants on the Supreme Court guidelines, besides instructing them not to torture the animals in the jallikattu arena. Officials have also planned to restrict the number of youth pouncing on the bulls and ensure that only a specific number of them could try to cling to the humps in any given time.Officials feel that the additional restrictions were essential to ensure that there were no violations of the Supreme Court guidelines. Jallikattu organisers, have agreed to the strict norms unwillingly as they are aware that the state government has permitted the sport taking into consideration their sentiments, despite a Central government notification that virtually banned bulls from participating in the event.Collector U Sagayam visited Alanganallur to inspect the jallikattu ground and gave instructions on the setting up of 'vadivasal', barricading and erecting the spectators' gallery. The event will be held at Avaniapuram on January 14, Palamedu on January 15 and Alanganallur on January 16. Jallikattu will be also held at Sakkudi village festival in April and Keezhapatti village in May.\"The jallikattu events would be held under the direct supervision of the district administration adhering to the Supreme Court guidelines,\" he said. Sagayam said that there were hiccups in registering the bulls for jallikattu due to the notification issued by the Union environment ministry.\"The state government is holding talks with the Centre, as well as AWBI for removal of bulls from the list of performing animals and register them for jallikattu event,\" he said.A large number of youth from across the district are expected to participate in the training programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394175", "title": "HC stay on collection of service tax", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has restrained the central authorities from levying and collecting service tax from film distributors and exhibitors under the provisions of the Finance Act of 1994.Justice M Jaichandren granted the interim injunction, on a writ petition filed by Mediaone Global Entertainment Limited, which has distribution rights for the Vikram-starrer 'Rajapattai', and Vijay's 'Nanban'.The film distributor contended that already 10.3% of the distributor's share in the total theatre collections of 'Rajapattai' had been set apart and deposited in a separate account.Noting that the distributor's agreement with Eros International, which produced the film was in the nature of profit-sharing, it said since the arrangement had no element of service the question of payment of service tax under the provisions of the Act did not arise at all.Deducting 10.3% of the distributor's share of the collections, in addition to the 30% entertainment tax payable to the state government would had adverse impact on the finances of the distributor, it said.Since film distribution is in a joint control over an economic activity to obtain profit or loss the venture is not a taxable service, petition said, adding that there is no value addition to the product too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11401710", "title": "Charges framed against Madhuri Gupta in espionage case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court today framed charges against former Indian diplomat Madhuri Gupta for allegedly passing on sensitive information to Pakistan's ISI.Additional Sessions Judge Pawan Kumar Jain charged Gupta under Section 3 and 5 of the Official Secrets Act for spying and also section 120B of the Indian Penal Code for criminal conspiracy.The court fixed March 22 for starting the trial. Gupta, 53, posted as Second Secretary (Press and Information) at Indian High Commission in Islamabad, was arrested on April 22, 2010 by the Special Cell of Delhi Police for passing on sensitive information pertaining to defence to Pakistan's ISI.She has been charged with breach of trust, criminal conspiracy and various other provisions of the Official Secrets Act.It was alleged that Gupta revealed certain classified information to Pakistani officials and was in touch with two ISI officials, Mubshar Raza Rana and Jamshed.According to the charge sheet filed in July 2010, Gupta was involved in a relationship with Jamshed whom she planned to marry. She used to communicate with Jamshed who had a code name 'Jim'.The diplomat was using a computer installed at her residence in Islamabad and a Blackberry phone to be in touch with the two Pakistani spies, it said.She had also visited Jammu and Kashmir in March 2010 on the instructions of Rana to allegedly procure the Annual Plan Report of the state. Rana also wanted information on the proposed 310 MW hydro-electric power project to be set up in the state by 2020, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399582", "title": "G N Balasubramaniam was fan of Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan.", "text": "The legendary G N Balasubramaniam (GNB), who was well-known for his unconvential approach in kriti renderings, loved Hindustani music and was said to be a big fan of Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan.In fact, GNB invited him to tour south India and fell at the feet of the North Indian maestro at the end of an enthralling concert. This resulted in a controversy of sorts, with many local musicians claiming that this was like 'south Indian music prostrating before north Indian music'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399044", "title": "Raja Chanda to shoot in Rome", "text": "Tollywood is treading foreign shores at a fast pace. And the latest news on that front is that Raja Chanda will be shooting a few song-and-dance sequences of \" Jan e Mon\" in Greece and Rome .Confirming the news, Shrikant Mohta from the production house said, \"We want to go to the countries in Europe which are yet unexplored as far as Bengali films are concerned. This will give the audience a chance to see something new in each film. So, for this Soham-Koel starrer, we have decided to can the song-and-dance sequences there. We might also shoot a few numbers in parts of Italy, which till date, hasn't been shown in any of our previous films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11396322", "title": "Mock drill at Bongaigaon refinery", "text": "GUWAHATI: A full-scale offsite chemical disaster plan mock drill was conducted at Bongaigaon Refinery by the district administration of Chirang on December 30.The exercise, meant to tell all concerned to remain vigilant all times, saw an oil tanker collide with another tanker.The first tanker, containing MS, overturns near cooking shed and MS starts gushing out and flows towards the cooking shed resulting in a fire.Other tankers parked in the vicinity are also engulfed by the flames. Besides the nearby areas, the explosion in the tanker also affects National Highway-31C.The injured are shifted to a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11393916", "title": "Downpour &amp; hailstorm hit south Delhi areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Light rain in the early hours of Friday had Delhiites shivering through the day as the maximum temperature plunged four degrees below normal to 16.9 degrees Celsius. Late in the evening, south Delhi areas, including South Extension, Gulmohar Park, Lodhi Road, Saket and Moti Bagh, witnessed heavy downpour, with residents of some areas also reporting hailstorm.The minimum temperature was 12.4 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal. Adding to the chill were strong winds; but for the fact they were easterly and not northerly, the cold would be felt even more acutely.\"A western disturbance over the western Himalayan region is causing cloudiness over northwest and adjoining central India. The high morning temperature was due to the cloud cover that did not permit heat to escape. But the downside was that the afternoon was extremely cold as the cloud cover did not allow sun rays to pass through. Both Ayanagar and Jafarpur had a difference of only 3.8 degrees between their maximum and minimum temperatures,\" said a Met official.Ayanagar was the wettest area in the city with a total rainfall of 1.2mm till 8.30am. Ayanagar also recorded the lowest maximum temperature in the city with 15.8 degrees Celsius.\"Due to the impact of the WD and a lot of moisture in the air, fog is expected over isolated pockets of Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and north Rajasthan during the next 24 hours. Rain or snow has also been predicted in Jammu and Kashmir and in some areas in Himachal Pradesh. Rain and thundershowers would occur at a few places in Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, western UP and Rajasthan in the next 48 hours and then recede,\" said a Met official.Met officials also said Delhi and the adjoining areas are likely to witness dense fog from the night of January 7 or January 8 morning. Minimum temperature is expected to fall by two to three degrees over many parts of the northwest and adjoining central India by January 11 that could lead to ground frost and cold wave conditions in some areas.On Friday, dense fog was observed over some parts of Punjab, Haryana, northern Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh. The minimum temperature was above normal by 4-6 degrees over parts of Punjab, Haryana and Delhi and by 2-3 degrees over parts of west Rajsthan and UP. Rain and snow also occurred over many places in Jammu and Kashmir and at a few places in Himachal Pradesh. Rain was also observed at some places in Haryana, Delhi, west UP, Jharkhand, West Bengal, northern MP and east Rajasthan.Met officials said the city and adjoining areas are likely to witness dense fog from the night of January 7 or January 8 morning. Minimum temperature is expected to fall by2 to 3 degrees over northwest and central India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11395961", "title": "DRDO's 'lure and kill' a huge hit", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Lure and Kill. That is the principle the Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) has applied to finish the winged enemies: The mosquitoes. The DRDO-developed fluid 'Attracticide' has been a huge hit at the Pride of India expo that is going on simultaneously with the 99th Indian Science Congress here.Dr W Selvamurthy, the chief controller of research and development at DRDO said scientists had identified and isolated pheromone hormones emitted by larvae, which attract female mosquitoes to lay eggs at a single spot. \"The liquid, a combination of larvicide and pheromones, can be sprayed on to a single water body to trap the mosquitoes and eliminate them,\" he said.Other similar displays of the DRDO included DEPA (a multi-insect repellant for personal protection against insect bites), roachtox (tablet bait to attract and kill cockroaches), ratox (to attract and kill rats), roachline (to deter cockroaches and other crawling insects) and SRIP (slow release insecticidal paint).Besides, Ravi Kumar Gupta, the director of public interface, DRDO, said, \"The autonomous under-water vehicle is a new addition among the exhibits, which have been hardly displayed anywhere else. It is a recent development.\"Compared to torpedoes, which can be used only once under-water, the indigenously-developed AUV can be used on multiple occasions as under-water missile, he said. Among the other exhibits on display, are unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) Rustam. Rustam can fly for 16 hours continuously. \"The Indian Army has shown keen interest in Rustam,\" the DPI said.Other prominent displays include India's own light combat aircraft - Tejas, UAVs Nishant and Lakshya, bridging systems Sarvatra &amp; BLT T-72. Military communication equipment, electronic warfare systems and night vision devices, microwave devices, NBC protective systems and agro-animal technologies also found place in the exhibition.The star attractions among the outdoor models were strategic and tactical missiles Agni and Prithvi, Nag, Akash, BrahMos and Astra. \"Our main aim is to utilize science and technology in strategic sector for national security, and excite young and creative minds about scientific challenges,\" Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11394683", "title": "Hail, sharp shower give reprieve to Amritsar residents", "text": "AMRITSAR: Early rain and thick layer of fog that enveloped the city plummeted the temperature of holy city Amritsar, giving much reprieve to the residents of city from dry spell of cold.Early in the day, the sun kept hide and seek, but by noon, the thick layer of cloud was formed. By afternoon, sharp shower and hail storm took the residents by surprise as the streets were whitened by hails.The weatherman recorded 5 degree by 8.30 am. The cold wave is likely to prevail for some more days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399382", "title": "Chennai enjoys tennis volleys", "text": "While a few months of the year are dedicated to the national pastime - cricket, a few weeks are also spent enjoying tennis volleys.One of the best things about Chennai is its culture of sports. While a few months of the year are dedicated to the national pastime - cricket, a few weeks are also spent enjoying tennis volleys. There are great get-togethers to keep the buzz alive that brings together all the P3Ps and the glitterati of the city too. This recent party was a joyous occasion marked by the presence of tennis buffs and champs and the revellers got to know their stars up close and personal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11395992", "title": "Students ransack Utkal University Law College", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tension mounted at Utkal University Law College in Vanivihar here on Friday after a group of students allegedly ransacked the institute's property and set ablaze the notice board, protesting the apathetic attitude of college authorities.Police said some of them went berserk and ransacked the furniture. \"We reached the spot and contained the situation,\" a police officer said. However, no arrest was made till evening. \"The college authorities had not lodged any complaint till evening. We will take action only after receiving a complaint from them,\" the officer said.The students staged a sit-in for a few hours as well, demanding better infrastructure, common room facility, hostel and appointment of more faculty members at the earliest.\"Though we have been demanding better facilities at the college, the authorities are showing a lackadaisical attitude. A hostel is a must,\" a student said.Utkal University's PG council chairman P K Sarkar said, \"The UGC recently sanctioned funds for construction of a ladies hostel for the law college. The Orissa state police housing and welfare corporation will construct the hostel. We are taking measures for overall development of the college.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11394663", "title": "Life term convict released", "text": "COIMBATORE: A prisoner sentenced to life was ordered to be released on Friday by the Juvenile Justice Board, as he had murdered his relative when he was a minor.A Jeevaraj, 35, of Malayandipattinam near Pollachi in Coimbatore district, murdered his mother's younger sister after a family dispute on March 3, 1994, when he was a 17-year-old, class 11 student. He was arrested the very next day and lodged at the juvenile observation home in Coimbatore city.He got bail on April 5, 1994, and the case was heard in Coimbatore district sessions court. He was sentenced to life on February 14, 1995. He was lodged in Coimbatore central prison. However, he acquired conditional bail on April 7, 1997. He married his relative Girija, and the couple had a son Roshankumar.He appealed to the Madras high court to reverse the verdict of the sessions court. But the high court confirmed the sentence of the lower court on April 23, 2003. Again, he was lodged in Coimbatore central prison.However, Girija approached the high court and reiterated that Jeevaraj committed the murder when he was a minor, and thus his sentence must be relaxed. Consequently, the high court ordered the Juvenile Justice Board to hear the case again. Jeevaraj was produced before the juvenile justice board on December 27, 2011 and his wife and elder brother also appeared before the board.On Friday, the juvenile justice board relaxed his sentence to three years, as he was a minor when he committed the crime. Jeevaraj had already spent nine years in prison and thus Principal Magistrate S Gopinathan ordered his release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11399043", "title": "Beijing's first snow fall disrupts flights", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese capital Beijing received the first snow fall this year, disrupting the city's rush-hour traffic and stranding flights.The first snow falling down in Beijing late last night continued this morning.Beijing Capital International Airport confirmed the snowfall has disrupted 10 flights, Xinhua news agency reported.However, the road traffic remained normal in all major highways as the snowfall was not heavy, said local traffic control authorities.The snow fell down in Beijing on the Slight Cold, the 23rd solar term according to the traditional Chinese lunar calendar, ushering in the coldest period in China.The temperatures touched minus two degrees Celsius. The light snow is expected to continue in daytime today.The municipal meteorological bureau has issued a yellow alert of iced road, the lowest level in the country's three-scale ice alert system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11396431", "title": "CCL crosses monthly output target", "text": "RANCHI: The Central Coalfields Ltd (CCL) has crossed the monthly production target for the second consecutive month.Sources in the CCL said till October, the company had failed to achieve the monthly target because of frequent Maoist bandhs and its splinter groups besides heavy rain .CCL spokesperson Anupam Rana said the company produced 5.157 million tonnes (MT) against the target of 4.795 MT.\"The company registered 11%, 3.2% and 8.2% growth in production, dispatch and over burden removal respectively in December 2011,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394139", "title": "DTC won\u2019t allow ticketless travel by cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: DTC is coming down hard on ticketless travel, even when it's by the men in khaki. As part of efforts to bring down ticketless travelling, the transport department has told DTC not to allow free travel facility to Delhi Police personnel.The DTC spokesperson said, \"The transport department has conveyed to DTC that Delhi Police personnel are not allowed free travel facility in DTC buses. Subsequently, the Corporation has instructed all concerned to ask all police personnel, whether in uniform or otherwise, to purchase tickets while traveling in DTC buses.\"Meanwhile, the DTC has introduced a new bus route between Shahdara terminal and Vasant Kunj sector 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11395828", "title": "Fog likely to affect flight movement", "text": "JAIPUR: Fog might play spoilsport in the elaborate arrangements made by the state government to welcome the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD) delegates. The met department has predicted that poor visibility could affect the movement of both inbound and outbound flights.\"The foggy conditions are likely to continue for 3-4 more days. It may cause delay and diversion of flights in the morning hours from 5 am to 9 am,\" said met department officials. It is expected that there will be around 1500 delegates from 52 countries.Airport authority of Jaipur has made elaborate arrangements to handle non-scheduled flights. \"The Air Traffic Control (ATC) Jaipur is in constant touch with IGI Delhi. They have identified Udaipur and Jodhpur airports ideal for diversion in case of non-flying conditions in Jaipur,\" said an airport official. ATC has confirmed a request for six chartered flights from Delhi and Mumbai on Saturday.Singh added that Air India will operate three special flights-two from Delhi and one from Mumbai to Jaipur on Saturday. The pre-paid taxi booths have been asked to keep extra cabs for round-the-clock assistance. Airport officials have been asked to provide all possible assistance to the delegates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11395627", "title": "Two years on, criminal breach case filed", "text": "BHOPAL: The city police on Thursday registered a case of breach of trust against a person two years after the matter first was first reported.A case under Sections 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 507 (criminal intimidation by anonymous communication) of the IPC has been registered with the Shahpura police station.The CID first quizzed the complainant, Gopal Krishna, who levelled charge of the breach of trust against his business partner. The business partner allegedly duped the complainant of Rs 50 lakh. After investigating the matter, the police registered a case against the accused. A team would now be sent to Andhra Pradesh to catch hold of the accused, YSV Ramanna.A team would now be sent to Andhra Pradesh to catch hold of the accused YSV Ramanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11394425", "title": "Four hurt as part of railway overbridge collapses", "text": "CHENNAI: At least four commuters were injured on Friday morning when four cement slabs of a foot-overbridge at the Nungambakkam railway station caved in and they plunged down from a height of 10 feet. Shocked commuters rushed out and used a longer route to get to the station. The incident occurred around 10 am.Soon, Egmore railway police assistant commissioner Thillai M Natarajan and sub-inspector Yesurajan rushed there as did personnel from the Nungambakkam police station and helped extricate those who had fallen through the gap in the foot-over bridge. Police were posted at the entry and exit to the foot-over bridge and the place cordoned off.The injured were identified as Mohan, 25, and Yuvaraj, 48, from Nagari in Andhra Pradesh, Murali Rao, 50, from Bangalore and Naseer, 52. Police said the condition of Mohan, who was admitted to a private hospital on Greams Road with injuries to the chest and back, was serious.Yuvaraj, who fractured a leg, was admitted to the government general hospital, while Murali Rao, who had come to the city on some work, also suffered a fracture and was admitted to a nearby private hospital. The other injured, Naseer, a supervisor with a firm involved in cargo-handling operations at the Chennai harbour, was admitted to the government general hospital with injures to his hands.Officials of the Public Works Department, which is responsible for the foot-over bridge, and those of the Inspector of Works department, who laid the cement concrete on the bridge, made an inspection of the place.M Pradeep Kumar, a second year M Sc student of Loyola College who was walking on the foot-over bridge at the time, said, \"I was just a few steps behind those who fell down. Everyone was confused on hearing their screams.\"The Egmore railway police registered a case and began investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11396902", "title": "Huts catch fire during demolition drive", "text": "RAJKOT: Three huts caught fire at Loharnagar during demolition drive carried out by town planning department of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) on Thursday night. The incident occurred during tension between police and slum dwellers.Though the fire was doused by the fire brigade personnel, the drive continued unabated. Over a dozen huts were razed to the ground.According to police, they received a message about stone pelting in Loharnagar on Gondal Road and rushed a team there to control the situation.\"Upon reaching there, we found that a group of 50 to 60 slum dwellers were pelting stones at the RMC officials engaged in the demolition drive. While we were controlling the situation, suddenly six huts caught fire. We immediately called fire brigade and the fire was put out,\" said a police official.Three slum dwellers were injured in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11394086", "title": "Aarushi murder case: With Supreme Court vacating stay, Talwars out of options", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Supreme Court rejecting Dr Rajesh and Nupur Talwar's plea for quashing proceedings against them in the case of their daughter Aarushi's murder, the couple has run out of options for now.The SC has sent the case back to the trial court, which had taken a strict view of the CBI's findings on circumstantial evidence and statements of witnesses and made Talwars the accused.In her order on February 9, 2011, CBI special judge Preeti Singh had built her decision to name the parents of Aarushi as the accused on the basis of circumstantial evidence pointed out by CBI in its case diary and statements of several witnesses who had not seen the murders being carried out but helped in building the sequence of events and prove the complicity of Talwars.Some of the witnesses who were listed as important in her order by Singh included some friends of Talwar, domestic helps and Noida police officers. The court had made elaborate observations on several points, including a V-shaped injury mark on both bodies (Hemraj and Aarushi's), presence of only family members inside the house, cleaning of Aarushi's private parts, Talwar's reluctance to open the door of the terrace on May 16, 2008, bloodstains on the stairs and the doctor's opinion that only a surgically trained person could have killed both. The judge had cited these points as the main grounds to charge the couple for murder and destruction of evidence.One of the most important points which the court had stressed upon were the circumstances proving that 'there were only four persons in the house that night, including Aarushi and Hemraj'. Talwar's driver, Umesh, a neighbour, Puneet Rai Tandon, Anita Durrani and servant Krishna's landlord, KN Johri, were important witnesses too in backing this fact. Umesh had said, \"I had seen Rajesh Talwar, Nupur Talwar, Aarushi and Hemraj in the house around 9.30 pm on May 15 when I went there to return the car keys\".A maid working in the house, Bharti , had observed: \"When I went to the house at 6 am on May 16, only Rajesh and Nupur Talwar were present. Aarushi was lying on her bed and blood was coming out from a wound on her neck while Hemraj was not there\". The Talwars had accepted that they were only ones present in the house.The court had ruled out the involvement of any outsider in the murders on the basis of statements of Sector 25 Jalvayu Vihar's colony guards - Virender Singh, Sanjay Singh, Ram Kumar, Chandrabhushan, Devender Singh and Ram Vishal - who had stated that they did not see anyone coming to or going out of Talwar's house.The court had also ruled out the involvement of the servants on the basis of statements of Anita Durrani, who said that Rajkumar was present in her house till 12.30 on that night, while Puneet Rai Tandon said his servant, Vijay Mandal, was in his garage. K N Johri, landlord of Krishna, stated that Krishna was sleeping in his house with his family.Observing that there was cleaning of Aarushi's private parts, the court had taken note of Dr Sunil Dohre's statement that there were no marks on Aarushi's face or body of any resistance but the vaginal opening was wide and there was a white discharge near it.The court had also cited testimony of a telecom department official who stated that the internet was switched on and off at regular intervals and that an outsider could not have done that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11396615", "title": "Cong acting like Kalidas, says Hakim", "text": "KOLKATA: Urban development minister Firhad Hakim on Friday reminded Congress leaders that the party was an ally of the Trinamool Congress in Bengal and that Congress cannot run the show at the Centre without Trinamool.Urging the Congress leaders not to play the role of Kalidas, who had cut off the very branch he was sitting on, Hakim conveyed his party's displeasure as Chhatra Parishad organized blockades in various parts of the city on Friday. They even burnt an effigy of Mamata Banerjee on the issue of assault on the Raigunj College principal. Hakim termed it a \"small incident\".\"There are bigger issues to be resolved,\" he said. \"Congress needs the support of Trinamool for running the government at the Centre. But here, we are confident that we can run the government on our own. If Congress does not rule at the Centre, these state Congress leaders will have little value,\" he added. Hakim hoped that the AICC would stop these leaders. \"Mamata Banerjee wants to respect everyone and so, is still quiet,\" said Hakim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11395501", "title": "TRS says ruling party aiding Naidu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Accusing the state government of conniving with opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu to show the Telangana movement in poor light, Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) protested against the unprecedented security put in place to ensure that the TDP chief 's rally in support of farmers went off peacefully in Warangal district's Palakurthy assembly constituency on Friday.TRS floor leader in the assembly, E Rajendar, said such police arrangement has never before been seen at an opposition leader's rally, that too at a time when people in the constituency put up banners telling the TDP leader that he was not welcome in the district. \"The entire district observed a voluntary bandh to protest against Naidu's yatra. The police took more than 3,000 of our leaders and activists into preventive custody last night.\"At least 6,000 police personnel were deployed for the event. People in the region will surely bury both TDP and Congress for good,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11396309", "title": "Raveena Tandon spotted at the hustings", "text": "MUMBAI: Parties have begun hunting for star campaigners. And what better place to start than Bollywood? On Thursday, Raveena Tandon became the first actor to enter the campaign trail. She spoke for the Samajwadi Party at an event organized by senior SP leader and nominated corporator Mohsin Haidar. \"It was the annual function of our NGO Samantawadi Mahila Vikas Foundation and she (Raveena) has been gracing the occasion every year. She has always been there for us,\" Haidar told TOI.As for Congress corporator from Juhu Aziz Barudgar, he has invited 20 people in the film industry for his wedding, to take place later this month. His area is home to a host of celebrities; in 2007, many campaigned for candidates. \"Not many have confirmed their arrival as yet. I have invited them as my personal guests and not for canvassing, \" Barudgar said. \"But I know my friends in Bollywood would be there for me, if need be.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399156", "title": "Small budget movies making big impact", "text": "Bollywood is going all out with its low-in-budget-and-big-inimpact films. After Dibakar Banerjee's \"Love Sex aur Dhokha\" made a splash in 2010, making a mark last year were \"Shor in the City\", \"I Am\", \"Yeh Saali Zindagi\", \"Tanu Weds Manu\", \"Shaitan\", \"That Girl in Yellow Boots\", \"Dhobi Ghat\", \"Delhi Belly\", \"Stanley Ka Dabba\" - the list goes on and on.With smart content and snazzy packaging, small-budget films have set cash boxes ringing and trade gurus talking. The scene is no different in Tollywood. With \"Icche\" rewriting the sucess story at the box office, \"Chaplin\" and \"Rang Milanti\" winning critical acclaim, a lot of filmmakers are encouraged to tread the same path. What's more, even big production houses are investing in offbeat films that are not hard on the pockets but high on content.\"Icche\", which was made on a budget of 45 lakh in 2008, has garnered 2.75 crore after its release in 2011 from satellite, home video and abroad apart from theatrical release. \"This proves that the story and the story alone can hold a film. It doesn't matter who is starring in it. Earlier, producers would insist on star value. They would inevitably say, 'Er toh box (office) nei\". But now all that is passe. In fact, if there's wrong casting, it might act as a boomerang,\" says Shiboprosad Mukhopadhyay, director of the film, who feels 75 lakh is a decent budget for a content-driven, smart film in Tollywood.Kaushik Ganguly, no alien to low-budget films, has done \"Jackpot\", \"Brake Fail\", \"Rang Milanti\" before gearing up for his next release, \"Laptop\". \"The audiences are no fools. They'll not come to watch a film just because it's been made on a mega budget. Gone are those days, when the crowd would consider a film to be a window to the outside world. Now, people come to watch films by meaningful directors and substantial actors. Content is king and budget is the least of all concerns.\"Setting a trend has been Mainak Bhaumick, who made \"Aamra\" on a budget of 30 lakh in 2006. Says the director, \"Both \"Maach Mishti &amp; More\" and \"Bedroom\" are small-budget films. The audience's tastes have changed. They are more inclined towards realistic cinema with palatable content that people can relate to. And you don't need crores to make a realistic film.\"Another director who's making the world sit up and take note of his micro-budget film, \"Gandu\", is Q. The film has done the rounds of 50 international film festivals, bagging six awards till now. \"\"Gandu\" has been made on a micro budget. I see a growing trend of making low-budget films as it's technically possible. The audience too is more keen on narratives. Good packaging of a bad story will not help,\" says Q.Access to modern technology has also come as a huge boon, feels Subrata Sen, whose \"Nondinee\" and also the morerecent \"Koyekti Meyer Golpo\" are slated for release this year. \"Films can be shot in digital. Things have become easier what with the advent of DSLR HD camera. It's a small camera that helps shoot experimental films. Also, newer vistas have opened up through which filmmakers are now breaking even,\" he says. The director adds that there can be no comparison with Bollywood. \"Tollywood is way ahead of Bollywood. What they are doing now, we have done long back. And there can be no comparison between our small-budget films and theirs. If they are making low-budget films, we are churning out no-budget films.\" So encouraging has the trend been that even big production houses are venturing into small-budget films. Mahendra Soni of Shree Venkatesh Films says, \"Budget doesn't define the success of a film. \"Memories in March\" is the best example of that. It has travelled the world over. It has the content to connect to the audience. \"Baishe Srabon\" too is a medium-budget film and, in fact, Srijit's (Mukherji) next is also made on a small budget. We are thinking of making more such movies. There's an audience for both largerthan-life and small, content-driven films.\"Kaustuv Roy of RP Techvision, who has already tasted success with \"Cha-e-Chuti\", feels small budget doesn't translate into small impact on the box office. \"\"Cha-e-Chuti\" was made on a budget of 55 lakh. \"Bye Bye Bangkok\", another hit, was made with 80 lakh, excluding the publicity cost. I always insist on one thing: script is of utmost importance. It doesn't matter if you are tapping exotic locales or not. A strong storyline is what matters most.\"Rana Sarkar of DagCmedia, who made \"Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona\" on a budget of around 1 crore and 30 lakh, is gearing up with the next from his stable - \"Bedroom\". \"The film costs about a crore. Considering how times have changed, I think both these films can easily fit into the low-budget bill. Today, the only thing audiences are looking for is original content. Small budget is no constraint when it comes to cinema and Tollywood, in recent times, has proven that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11395372", "title": "Govt plans animal farm, cows refuse to fall in line", "text": "TRICHY: The state government's much-touted free cow scheme to provide sustainable livelihood to women and augment milk production in the state is floundering because of conceptual flaws.The scheme, of course, is loaded with good intentions, but as an official told this newspaper, policy makers had not thought through it. With five of the cows procured from Andhra Pradesh and distributed among villagers near Srirangam dying and beneficiaries seeing red, officials have woken up to the pitfalls in the procurement norms prescribed for the scheme.The scheme mandates that the cows have to be cross-bred Jerseys from Andhra Pradesh or Karnataka. Local purchases are not allowed since the aim of the scheme is also to increase the milch cow population in the state. Hence, beneficiaries of the scheme and officials have no option but to shop for the animals in AP and Karnataka despite lack of knowledge about local markets and language.Dr Sukumar, a veterinary assistant surgeon at the district-level Animal Disease Intelligence Unit in Trichy, was among those who shopped for cows in Andhra Pradesh in the third week of August last year. Sukumar, who was with the animal husbandry unit in Srirangam then, said seven villages were chosen for the scheme and cows were provided to beneficiaries in Panayapuram, Musiri, Periyanayagi Chathram (or Chantrapatti), Kumara Vayalur, and Killikoodu villages. A total of 248 milch cows have so far been purchased under the scheme and 100 more would be purchased for Perur, and Duraikudi villages, he said. A lot of 50 animals were bought for each village, and two beneficiaries from Chatrapatti did not make it to the market in Andhra Pradesh on the appointed date, he said.However, cows that were distributed among Dhanalaxmi, Pakkiyam, Ananthi, Rajeshwari, and Thilagarani, all from Panayapuram, died. While Dr Sundar Raj, deputy director, animal husbandry department, attributed the deaths to poor maintenance by the villagers, a beneficiary, who did not want to be named, told TOI today the whole process was done in a hurried manner and they were left with no option but to choose from a lot of debilitating, aged animals available at the Tuesday market in Punganur in Nellore district.According to a source, in one instance, 50 beneficiaries were given transportation allowance of Rs 1,000 at 7.30pm on December 26 and told to assemble at Punganur market the next day. They reached Punganur in five groups around 11am on Tuesday. \"All the good cows were sold within two hours after the market opened at 8am. The officials came to the market after 3pm when the market was about to close. We were taken from one broker to another, and, finally, we had to buy whatever cow was available,\" the leader of one the 10-member groups said. She said that one of the brokers who could speak Tamil said, \"After all, your Amma (CM) is giving the cows free of charge, then why do you want to bargain\". The woman also alleged that the officials and vets who were with them to facilitate the purchases had a tacit understanding with the brokers.Sukumar, who visited Andhra with two other vets on August 27, said they stayed there for three days to survey the cattle market. As many as 18 animals were purchased on September 3 and 32 others were bought three days later on September 6. He said the beneficiaries were told to choose their animals. \"We would only pay the amount, intimate the insurance company back in TN after tagging the animal, and would issue a certificate for the purpose of inter-state transportation,\" he said.Sukumar said one of the cows died of snake bite on September 11 and the second cow died on September 19 of myocardial infarction (heart attack). Three other animals died due to self-generated poisoning called Toxaemia as the ill-fated cows were suspected of grazing on grass sprouting over stagnant sewage water that has high content of nitrate, he said. The cause of death of the sixth cow is yet to be ascertained.Sundar Raj agreed that there were certain pitfalls in the implementation of the scheme and said distributing cows is not as easy as giving away grinders and mixers which were lifeless commodities carrying an MRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "11394757", "title": "GJM pins GTA hope on Delhi meet", "text": "DARJEELING: With the six-month deadline nearing and no official announcement on the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) till date, Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) leadership is banking on the January 9 review meeting in Delhi to get things going.On July 18 last year, GJM, the Centre and the state government signed the GTA agreement to bring peace and stability in the region. The GTA bill was placed and passed in the state assembly on September 2 with amendments. \"I will take up the issue with the central and state representatives in the review meeting in Delhi,\" said Roshan Giri, GJM secretary. This will be the second review meeting for the GTA.However, Kalimpong MLA and GJM spokesperson Harka Bahadur Chhetri emphasized that a timeframe could not be drawn in matters such as the GTA. \"There are several factors that have to be taken into account. We must give it some time as all stakeholders are working towards the GTA formation,\" he pointed out. The GTA was formulated to replace the existing Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) that was formed in 1988.\"We have to see it in a holistic frame of mind. The GTA has not come into being yet. Therefore, first it has to be implemented and then we will know how it is,\" replied Chhetri to a question on whether the GJM was satisfied with the new arrangement. \"It will be premature to make come to any conclusion now as the process is in progress,\" he added.He, however, acknowledged that the progress in the process of implementing the GTA was indeed prolonged. \"The Centre is not strong as before and Anna Hazare was not there then. A lot of rumble needs to be cleared in Bengal too. Unforeseen circumstances have pushed the agenda back,\" said Chhetri.To a question if there was a conscious effort on the part of the Union and state government to elongate the process of formation of the GTA, the MLA replied, \"They (central and state governments) will not do anything to jeopardize the GTA agreement. Both know that our final movement is there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
{"city": "araria/patna", "code": "11393661", "title": "Arwal deputy collector in Araria graft net", "text": "ARARIA/PATNA: An Araria court on Friday remanded to judicial custody Arwal deputy collector, Gaya Nand Yadav, who was arrested on Thursday from Arwal in connection with a graft case in Araria.Yadav as the BDO of Araria's Palasi block deposited about Rs 30 lakh with Dehti primary agriculture credit society (PACS) in Palasi. He allegedly extorted commission on the deposits, police sources said.According to Araria SP Shivdeep Waman Lande, state rural development department deputy secretary Ajay Kumar Sinha, following an inquiry into alleged siphoning off government funds, recommended lodging of FIRs against six successive BDOs of Palasi. They included Parvezullah, Ashok Kumar Tiwary, Ramesh Jha, Shamim Akhtar, Surendra Das and Yadav.Araria DM M Saravanan ordered filing of the FIRs on August 21, 2011. Two of the six accused, Parvezullah and Ashok Kumar Tiwary, are already in jail, Lande said in Araria.Meanwhile, state chief secretary Navin Kumar and home secretary Amir Subhani have lauded Araria police for filing charge sheet against a former Araria DM, Amarendra Narain Singh, and three junior engineers in connection with an alleged scam involving Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) funds worth Rs 8 crore. The issue was raised during chief minister Nitish Kumar's 'Vishwas Yatra' in Araria in May 2010. The charge sheet was filed on Thursday.\"The work (filing of charge sheet) is appreciable. It is, however, a part of the larger apparatus which is working to weed out corrupt practices in the state,\" the chief secretary told TOI in Patna on Friday. He recalled he gave the sanction for prosecution of the ex-DM when a request for the same came from the police HQ two months ago.Subhani also appreciated Lande's work which, he said, should serve as an example to others. \"It is an indication that corrupt elements will not be allowed to go scot-free,\" he told TOI in Patna on Friday and added it was extremely cruel that some people ate into the share of even the poor and needy.Lande said though the charge sheeted DM cleared payment of Rs 8 crore for construction of houses for the poor under the IAY, the houses never came up. \"The houses were claimed to have been constructed. But we did physical verification and found none of them,\" the SP said.More people, including former DDC Valmiki Prasad, are involved in the case. \"Police will take action against them once we get the prosecution sanction,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-07"}
